Adobe makes graphics and desktop publishing programs like Illustrator , Photoshop , PageMaker , and others .
JASC makes the popular PaintShop Pro paint program as well as other graphics and Web design tools .
1.To start the loop , the user launches the interactive media program and chooses the content .
1.You submit information about yourself whenever you apply for a credit card , subscribe to a magazine , or register a product that you have purchased .
2.The program responds by displaying the content with choices ( navigation tools , links to other topics , controls for displaying different types of content , and so on ) for the user .
3 - D worksheets let you calculate in three directions .
4.The program responds to the user 's selection and usually presents a new set of options for the user .
5.The process continues - sometimes at a rapid and complex pace , as in the case of many computer games - until the user stops the program .
A 14 - point character in one program may be considerably larger than a 14 - point character in a different program .
A 16 - bit bus can transfer 2 bytes , and a 32 - bit bus can transfer 4 bytes at a time .
A 1999 survey by Odyssey , L . P . , showed that home computer users spent more than fifteen hours per week using the Internet and online services .
A 3 - D fly - by can provide a bird 's - eye view of a scene .
A 56 Kbps modem is fine for text , still images , and low - quality streaming multimedia , but it is really not practical for huge digital audio and video files .
A 600 dpi printer actually provides four times the resolution of a 300 dpi printer .
A band printer features a rotating band that is embossed with alphanumeric characters .
A basic all in one unit with black and white printing can be purchased for less than $ 800 .
A basic form of interactive television is pay - per - view .
A basic strategy in multimedia development is to provide information that is layered and multidimensional .
A bit is the smallest possible unit of data a computer can recognize or use .
A bitmap is a grid of dots , each dot represented by one or more bits .
A BLOB ( Binary Large OBject ) can be a graphic image file such as clip art , a photograph , a screen image , a graphic , or formatted text .
A BLOB can also be an audio file , video clip , or other object , as shown in Figure 2.1 .
A block is a contiguous group of characters , words , lines , sentences , or paragraphs in your document that you mark for editing .
A border , or rule , is a line that is drawn on one or more sides of a paragraph .
A box of printer paper can be purchased for about $ 20 .
A breath enabled device can perform many types of input , such as opening menus and choosing commands .
A bridge is a device that looks at the information in each packet header and forwards data that is traveling from one LAN to another .
A broken connection can bring down ( or crash ) all or part of the network , rendering it inoperable so that users cannot communicate until the connection is repaired .
A buffer is a temporary storage area that holds data until it can be processed .
A bus network uses a single conduit to which all the network nodes and peripheral devices are attached .
A CD - R drive can write data to and read data from a compact disk .
A cell reference can refer to one or more cells in the same worksheet , in a different worksheet from the same workbook , or in a different workbook .
A cell reference tells the formula to look up the contents of the referenced cell ; this feature saves you the trouble of typing the referenced cell 's contents into the formula .
A click on such a link may automatically connect you to a related item on a computer in another country - and it appears on your screen as if it were coming from your own hard disk .
A client application on a user 's computer requests data through the network from a server .
A client system ( such as your home computer ) communicating with an Internet server .
A clock cycle is a single tick , or the time it takes to turn a transistor off and back on again .
A collection of networked networks is described as being internetworked , which is where the Internet - a worldwide network of networks - gets its name .
A collection of related Web pages is called a Web site .
A color laser printer works like a single color model , except that the process is repeated four times and a different toner color is used for each pass .
A color monitor works like a monochrome one , except that there are three electron beams instead of one .
A command might , for example , list the programs stored on the computer 's disk or make the computer run one of those programs .
A common font size used in business documents is 12 - point type .
A common page layout control in DTP software is called master pages - special pages that are set aside for defining elements that are common to all pages in the document , such as page numbers , headers , headings , rules , and more .
A common way to start is by composing an outline of the sequences and blocks of information that will appear on the screen .
A commonly used logical format performed by Windows creates four disk areas : master boot record ( MBR ) , file - allocation table ( FAT ) , root folder or directory , and data area .
A complete collection of records makes a table .
A complete computer system consists of four parts : hardware , software , people , and data .
A complete computer system includes hard - ware , software , data , and people .
A complete presentation usually includes multiple slides arranged in a logical series .
A computer 's input devices make it useful to people .
A computer 's operating system can locate data on a disk ( diskette or hard drive ) because each track and sector is labeled , and the location of all data is kept in a special log on the disk .
A computer 's Shift keys have the same function as a typewriter 's Shift keys ; when pressed in conjunction with an alphanumeric key , shift forces the computer to output a capital letter or symbol .
A computer appears to understand information only because it contains so many transistors and operates at such phenomenal speeds , assembling its individual on / off switches into patterns that are meaningful to us .
A computer can connect directly to the Internet , or as a remote terminal on another computer , or through a gateway from a network that does not use TCP / IP .
A computer can copy data into the token and set the address where the data should be sent .
A computer can function with only processing , memory , input , and output devices .
A computer does not have to search its entire memory each time it needs to find data because the CPU uses a memory address to store and retrieve each piece of data .
A computer file is simply a set of data or program instructions that has been given a name .
A computer is an electronic device used to process data , converting it into information that is useful to people .
A cookie is a small file that contains setting information , and it must reside on your system .
A CPU operating at 300 MHz can process data nearly twice as fast as the same one operating at 166 MHz .
A CRT monitor contains a shadow mask , which is a fine mesh made of metal , fitted to the shape and size of the screen .
A CRT monitor works with one or more electron guns that systematically aim a beam of electrons at every pixel on the screen .
A customer information table in Lotus Approach .
A data - scrubbing procedure prevents this mishap from occurring .
A database consists of tables and all the supporting documents .
A database contains a collection of related items or facts arranged in a specific structure .
A database is a repository for collections of related data or facts .
A database management system ( DBMS ) is a software tool that allows multiple users to store , access , and process data or facts into useful information .
A database management system ( DBMS ) is a software tool that enables many users to add , view , and work with the data in a database .
A database management system is a program , or collection of programs , that allows any number of users to access and modify the data in a database .
A date field or time field stores date or time entries .
A date may be added to a worksheet simply to indicate when it was created , or a date function may be updated whenever the worksheet is opened .
A DBMS , especially when it is running on powerful hardware , can find any speck of data in an enormous database in minutes - sometimes even in seconds or fractions of a second .
A DBMS also provides tools that enable users to construct special requests ( called queries ) to obtain selected records easily from the database .
A DBMS is an equally vital tool for people and organizations that use networks and stand - alone personal computers .
A DBMS provides tools that can vali - date data as it is entered and thus ensure the data is in the correct format .
A dedicated DBMS makes it possible to do many routine tasks that would otherwise be tedious , cumbersome , and time - consuming without the services of a computer .
A description of the basic model for most Internet tools follow .
A desktop computer can support multiple peripherals - including printers , sound and video sources , and various external devices - at the same time .
A diagram for a hierarchical file system is shown in Figure 1.1 .
A dial - up connection to the Internet makes your home computer one of the millions of nodes on the vast Internet network .
A dialog box can provide a wide variety of tools , thus allowing you to perform specialized tasks in an application or operating system .
A dialog box is so named because it conducts a dialog with you as it seeks the information it needs to perform a task .
A dialog box will appear , asking you to restart the computer .
A different version , called a thin wallet , stores the information on a server owned by your credit card company rather on your computer .
A different window appears for each resource you want to use .
A digital camera stores images in its memory or on a disk until they can be loaded into a computer .
A digital camera stores the image as a bitmap as a bitmap file rather than an exposed piece of film .
A digitizing tablet provides an electronic drawing surface that tracks the puck 's movements and translates them into lines on the screen .
A disk controller connects the disk drive to the computer 's bus , enabling the drive to exchange data with other devices .
A disk is a round , flat object that spins around its center .
A diskette contains a single , flat piece of plastic ( the disk ) , coated with iron oxide and enclosed in a vinyl or plastic cover .
A DLP projector uses a special microchip that contains tiny mirrors to produce images .
This document was created in Microsoft Word 's editing window like any normal document , but in HTML mode , word provides tools for Web design and creating hyperlinks ; here is how the document appears in Word 's HTML Design View window ; although the HTML codes look complicated , the user did not create any of them ; they were inserted by the word processor .
A dot matrix printer ( left ) is an example of an impact printer .
A dot matrix printer creates an image by using a mechanism called a print head , which contains a cluster ( or matrix ) of short pins arranged in one or more columns .
A dot matrix printer forms a character by creating a series of dots .
A dot matrix printer is a common type of impact printer .
A dot matrix printer uses a print head , which contains a cluster of pins .
A double - density diskette with a Macintosh format holds 800 KB , not 720 KB - a result of the different ways the two machines use the disks .
A drop shadow is a partial shadow around a bordered paragraph , which creates the illusion that the paragraph is floating above the page .
A dumb terminal does not have its own CPU or storage devices ; these components are housed in the mainframe 's system unit and are shared by all users .
A factory is buying computerized systems and robots to handle many tasks , meaning fewer laborers will be needed .
A fairly recent enhancement is the wheel mouse .
A few 15 inch monitors , and any good monitor bigger than 15 inches , will include even higher settings .
A few developments are visible on the horizon that may already be available by the time you read this text .
A few keyboard manufacturers now offer keyboards that can be switched from QWERTY to DVORAK configurations .
A few utility programs actually replace parts of the operating system , but the vast majority simply add helpful functioning .
A fiber - optic cable is a thin strand of glass that transmits pulsating beams of light rather than electric frequencies .
A file format is a means of encoding data for storage , many different file formats are used with graphics .
A file format is a standardized method of encoding data for storage .
A file that the user can open and use is often called a document .
A firewall basically works by inspecting the requests and data that pass between the private network and the Internet .
A firewall system can be hardware , software , or both .
A focus on the content of a multimedia program or presentation is essential .
A folder , also called a directory , is a tool for organizing files on a disk .
A font is measured in points , as shown in Figure 1. .
A fourth worksheet is used to create totals for the quarter .
A full - featured multimedia event may include still images , animation , full - motion video , speech and music , and more .
A function is a predefined formula provided by the spreadsheet program .
A game controller can be considered an input device because a computer game is a program , much like a word processor .
A game controller is a special input device that accepts the user 's input for playing a game .
A game pad is a small , flat device that usually provides two sets of controls - one for each hand .
A good example is a quarterly sales report , which needs to be viewed and updated by several managers in an organization .
A good PC projection system enables these professionals to create and modify presentations on disk and to show them without printing hard copies of slides .
A good spell checker will provide options for replacing or ignoring the word , or adding the word to the spelling dictionary .
A good thesaurus will display a definition of the selected word and a list of possible replacements .
A grammar checker compares each sentence to a set of standard grammatical rules , notifies you if it finds a potential problem , and provides grammatically correct options .
A grid of wires sends current through the film to create an image .
A grid whose cells are filled with a color , called a bitmap .
A group of 8 bits is called a byte .
A group of sentences is a paragraph , but a two - word heading ( like the one above this paragraph ) is defined as a paragraph , as well .
A GUI is based on the desktop metaphor .
A hammer strikes the wheel from behind , pressing a character against a ribbon .
A handful of small 620 - based machines working together offers about the same computing power as an IBM 370 mainframe .
A handheld PC can be any sort of computer that fits in the user 's hand , such as a ( n ) :
A handheld system is great if you want to :
A hard disk can store far more data than a diskette can , so the hard disk serves as the computer 's primary filing cabinet .
A hard disk contains one or more rigid metal platters , coated with iron oxide , which are permanently encased in the hard disk drive .
A hard disk includes one or more metal platters mounted on a central spindle , like a stack of rigid diskettes .
A hard disk is standard equipment on any personal computer .
A hard disk may have several hundred tracks on each side of each platter .
A head crash , in which the head touches the disk , can destroy the data stored in the area of the crash .
A Help window appears , providing tools that let you search for help in different ways .
A HiFD ( high - capacity floppy disk ) , made by Sony Electronics , Inc . , looks just like a normal 3.5 - inch floppy disk but can store up to 200 MB of data .
A HiFD disk drive can read and format double - density and high - density floppy disks in addition to HiFD disks .
A higher level of service for ISDN is called primary rate ISDN , or PRI .
A host is like a network server , providing services to other computers that connect to it .
A huge amount of information is available today through the Internet .
A hypertext document is a specially encoded file that uses the hypertext markup language ( HTML ) .
A keyboard 's modifier keys are so named because they are used to modify the input of other keys .
A keyboard , mouse and microphone are illustrated in .
A knowledgebase is a sophisticated database containing detailed information about a specific topic .
A LAN can consist of just two or three PCs connected together to share resources , or it can include hundreds of computers of different kinds .
A landscape designer can use a digital camera to take a picture of a house , for example , then use landscape design software to modify the image to show how the house might appear with different landscaping .
A large company no longer must individually upgrade the operating systems and applications in thousands of PCs every two or three years .
A laser printer ( right ) is a nonimpact printer .
A laser uses a concentrated , narrow beam of light , focused and directed with lenses , prisms , and mirrors .
A less expensive option is the snapshot printer , which offers near - photo - graphic resolution , but snapshot printers are slow and most print only small formats .
A light sensitive detector identifies the bar code image by recognizing special bars at both ends of the image .
A list of those chips , along with their basic specifications , is shown in Table 2. .
A list of topics appears , each describing a new feature of Windows .
A little mark appears on the mouse pointer , indicating that you are dragging something .
A local area network ( LAN ) consists of computers that are relatively near one another ; a LAN can have a few PCs or hundreds of them in a single building or scattered throughout several buildings .
A local area network ( LAN ) is a network of computers located relatively near each other and connected in a way that enables them to communicate with one another ( by a cable , an infrared link , or a small radio transmitter ) .
A local bus is an internal system bus that runs between components on the motherboard .
A lot of confusion has surrounded drive - interface standards because competing developers have introduced many variations of and names for these technologies .
A machine cycle itself can be broken down into two smaller cycles : the instruction cycle and the execution cycle .
A Macintosh high - density diskette holds 1.44 MB , the same capacity as a DOS - or Windows - based high - density diskette .
A macro can even include other macros , enabling you to perform multiple tasks at one time .
A macro is a series of commands that a program memorizes for you .
A magazine , for example , requires much higher - resolution images than a newspaper or a Web page .
A magnet has one important advantage over a transistor : it can represent on and off without a continual source of electricity .
A mail merge is the process of combining a form letter with the contents of a database , usually a name and address list , so that each copy of the letter has one entry from the database printed on it .
A mainframe system can house an enormous volume of data , containing literally billions of records .
A major challenge accompanies the large volume of multimedia content that arrives via a compact disk , DVD , Web site , or online service : finding your way through the text , pictures , and other media available in the presentation .
A media type can be any file that you store on the computer 's disk .
A medium is a way of communicating information , such as speech or text .
A memory address is a number that indicates a location on the memory chips , just as a post office box number indicates a slot into which mail is placed .
A memory address is a number that indicates a location on the memory chips , just as a post office box number indicates a slot into which mail is placed .
A microcomputer 's processing takes place in the central processing unit , the two main parts of which are the control unit and the arithmetic logic unit ( ALU ) .
A micron equals 1000 nanometers , or one - billionth of a meter .
A microphone or CD player attached to the computer enables you to add the sound of a voice or a music selection .
A modem 's transmission speed ( the rate at which it can send data ) is measured in bits per second ( bps ) .
A modem can be a simple circuit board - an expansion card - that plugs into one of the PC 's expansion slots , or it can be an external device that plugs into a serial port .
A more recent survey by Goldman , Sachs , &amp; Co . says that $ 39 billion in e - commerce was done in 1998 , with another $ 114 billion in 1999 .
A more sophisticated type of what - if analysis is a table that automatically calculates the results based on any number of assumptions .
A mouse also allows you to create graphics such as lines , curves , and freehand shapes , on the screen .
A mouse is an input device that rolls around on a flat surface ( usually on a desk or keyboard tray ) and controls the pointer .
A multimedia computer also requires enough processing power ( a fast CPU ) and memory ( RAM ) to accommodate multimedia programs , which make great demands of the computer 's processing components .
A multimedia scriptwriter is part writer and part interactive designer .
A musician can create music with these devices in several ways :
A musician can use a MIDI instrument to program a sequencer .
A nanosecond is one - billionth of a second !
A network computer is a less powerful version of a personal computer , with minimal processing power , memory , and storage .
A network is a way to connect computers for communication , information exchange , and resource sharing .
A network is a way to connect computers so that they can communicate , exchange information , and share resources in real time .
A network operating system is the group of programs that manages the resources on a network .
A new dialog box appears , asking if you want to quit Disk Defragmenter .
A new dialog box appears , asking you to confirm that your printer produced a test page .
A new feature , called the Active Desktop , lets you browse the Internet and local computer in a similar manner .
A new technology for implementation in home networks uses the preexisting telephone wiring in the house to provide a network medium for interconnecting computers and other smart ( network - aware ) devices , including smart appliances .
A new type of CD - R device does not need to be attached to a PC but can be , if needed .
A newer theory in microprocessor design holds that if the instruction set for the CPU is kept small and simple , each instruction will execute in much less time , allowing the processor to complete more instructions during a given period .
A newer version of the standard - called the PC 99 standard - raises the bar for new computers even higher , as shown in Table 1. .
A newsreader program - the client software - obtains articles from a news server , a host computer that exchanges articles with other servers through the Internet .
A notebook computer plugged into a docking station .
A packet is a data segment that includes a header , payload , and control elements that are transmitted together .
A paper copy makes the distrustful computer user feel more secure .
A paper white display produces a very high contrast between the monitor 's white background and displayed text or graphics , which usually appear in black .
A paragraph formatted with a border , shading , and a drop shadow .
A parallel - processing system harnesses the power of multiple processors in a single system , enabling them to share processing tasks .
A partial solution to this problem is to include a cache memory in the CPU .
A PC 's internal components communicate through the data bus , which consists of parallel wires .
A PC - to - TV converter can be an affordable alternative to PC projectors or large monitors .
A PC Card fits into a slot on the back or side of the notebook computer .
A PC projector is a portable light projector that connects to a PC .
A PC projector plugs into one of the computer 's ports , then project the video output onto an external surface .
A peer - to - peer network can also include a network server .
A peer - to - peer network is a small network that usually does not include a central server .
A Pentium system , for example , uses a Pentium - class microprocessor as its CPU .
A personal computer 's processor is usually a single chip or a set of chips contained on a circuit board .
A phone number field 's entry can be controlled in a similar manner .
A photographic image , before and after distortion by the Mosaic filter in a paint program .
A pixel is one or more dots that express a portion of an image .
A plotter is a special kind of output device .
A point - and - click browser provides a graphical user interface that enables the user to click graphical objects and hyperlinks .
A poor monitor will cause eyestrain and headaches and can even cause long term vision problems .
A popular disk cartridge system is the Jaz disk made by Iomega Corporation .
A popular example of a home - based network computer is Web TV , which enables the user to connect a television to the Internet and enjoy both standard television programming and Internet services .
A popular feature of spreadsheet software is the ability to generate charts based on numeric data .
A popular page - design method is to find a Web page you like , copy it to disk , and then open it in Edit mode in the browser .
A popular piece of computing wisdom tells us : Having a word processor does not make you a writer .
A powerful mainframe system can support the processing and output needs of thousands of users spread over a wide geographic area .
A presentation can be saved as a single file containing one slide or many slides that are used together .
A presentation can contain a single slide or hundreds .
A printed encyclopedia , for example , is basically pages of text and pictures .
A printer is usually added to the computer system , at extra cost , although you can purchase complete systems that feature a printer .
A procedure refers to the processing or handling associated with an object .
A processor can execute an instruction in a given number of clock cycles .
A program 's author and the final user often have different points of view .
A proprietary protocol of Novell , IPX / SPX has been used in most versions of the NetWare network operating system for networking offices throughout the world .
A QBE query to generate a list of employees hired after 01 / 01 / 1993 .
A RealPlayer plug - in is also available , it allows RealAudio and Real Video content to play directly in a browser window .
A receptionist may use the software to record appointments and patient insurance claims , while a doctor may use the same patient records to find X rays and medical histories .
A relatively simple device , a standard keyboard includes about 100 keys , each of which sends a different signal to the CPU .
A relatively simple protocol that has no real configurable parameters , netbeui sends messages through broadcasts to every computer that can receive it .
A Remote terminal connection to the Internet exchanges commands and data in ASCII text format with a host computer that uses UNIX or a similar operating system .
A report is printed information that , like a query result , is assembled by gathering data based on user - supplied criteria .
A roller plotter uses a robotic arm to draw with colored pens on oversized paper .
A router is a more complicated device that stores the routing information for networks .
A row of holes runs down both long edges of each page .
A ruler shows you the positioning of text , tabs , margins , indents , and other elements on the page .
A running program may take up the whole screen or it may appear in a rectangular frame , called a window .
A scanner can copy a printed page of text or a graphic into the computer 's memory , eliminating the time - consuming step of typing input or creating an image from scratch .
A scanner is a little bit like a photocopy machine , except that instead of copying the image to paper , it transfers the image directly into the computer .
A scanner is a valuable tool for graphic artists because it allows them to convert printed images into bitmap files that can be stored on a computer and manipulated with graphics software .
A screen saver automatically displays when the system has been unused for a specified period of time .
A search engine is a special Web site that helps you find information on the Internet .
A second option is for the musician to create a MIDI file manually on a sequencer .
A sector is the smallest unit with which any disk drive ( diskette drive or hard drive ) can work .
A separate CPU and memory are built into the printer to interpret the data that it receives from the computer and to control the laser .
A sequencer tells a synthesizer to play specific sounds in specific patterns .
A serial port transmits 1 bit of data at a time ; a parallel port transmits 1 byte ( 8 bits ) of data at a time .
A set of vectors , which are mathematical equations describing the size , shape , thickness , position , color , and fill of a closed graphical shape or of lines .
A severe head crash not only damages the surface of the disk , it can also destroy a read head .
A simple cut and paste between applications results in object embedding .
A simple example of an impact printer is a typewriter , which uses small hammers to strike the ribbon .
A single MIDI controller can run various instruments connected together .
A single program could use dozens of hotkeys as these shortcuts were called .
A single unit of data is called a bit ; 8 bits make up 1 byte .
A slightly different player , the DVD movie player , connects to your television and plays movies like a VCR .
A small file that contains only 50 bytes will use only a portion of the first sector of a cluster assigned to it , leaving the remainder of the first sector , and the remainder of the cluster , allocated but unused .
A small volume control will appear on the screen .
A solid model would look the same .
A sound card can also convert digital sound signals to analog form .
A sound card performs two basic functions .
A sound card takes analog sound signals and digitizes them .
A special type of application software , called utility software , helps you to fine - tune the performance of a computer , prevent unwanted actions , or perform special , system - related tasks such as checking for viruses or sending a fax .
A special type of tape drive uses digital audiotape ( DAT ) to achieve high storage capacities .
A speech recognition system includes a microphone and special software that can recognize certain words and phrases .
A spell checker matches each word in a document against a built - in dictionary containing standard spellings .
A spot that reflects the laser beam into the sensor is interpreted as a 1 , and the absence of a reflection is interpreted as a .
A spreadsheet containing data about stereo sales .
A spreadsheet program is a software tool for entering , calculating , manipulating , and analyzing sets of numbers .
A standard computer keyboard has about 100 keys ; each key sends a different signal to the CPU .
A suite is a collection of programs , such as a word processor , spreadsheet , database , presentation program , e - mail and contact management program , and more .
A support technician will investigate the problem , or an automated system will send you a list of possible solutions .
A switch has only two possible states - on and off - so it can represent only two numeric values .
A tab stop is a position , both on screen and in the document , usually measured from the left margin of the document .
A tape drive , removable hard disk , disk cartridge , or CD - RW drive may be a perfect choice if the medium provides enough storage space to back up your entire disk .
A teleconference is a virtual meeting in which a group of people in different locations conduct discussions by typing messages to each other .
A television creates an interlaced picture by alternating between the odd and even horizontal lines that make up the picture .
A Telnet connection sends input from your keyboard to the host and displays text from the host on your screen .
A terminal is a monitor and a keyboard ( and sometimes a pointing device , such as a mouse ) wired to the mainframe .
A terminator stops the network signals so they do not bounce back down the cable .
A test - only certification ( where you study on your own and then take an exam ) may cost a few hundred dollars per exam .
A thorough knowledge of how a computer uses the CPU to process data and keeping up - to - date on the types of CPUs available are essential to success in a hardware support position .
A tiny computer chip , called the keyboard controller , notes that a key has been pressed .
A topology is the physical layout of the cables and devices that connect the nodes of a network .
A trackball is a pointing device that works like an upside down mouse .
A trackball is like a mouse turned upside down .
A trackpad is a touch sensitive pad that may be built into the keyboard or added to the PC as a separate unit .
A two - section document , with different document formats in each section .
A typical spreadsheet interface also provides a menu bar , toolbars , and a special formula bar , where you can create or edit data and formulas in the worksheet .
A typical spreadsheet program provides all sorts of tools for arranging data , performing calculations , generating charts , and creating reports .
A typical worksheet contains thousands of individual cells .
A user can set up such an account by specifying a unique user name .
A user can surf the Internet and watch television at the same time , over the same cable connection , without the two data streams interfering with one another .
A utility is a program that performs a task not typically handled by the operating system or that enhances the operating system 's functioning .
A variant of the joystick is the racing game controller , which includes an actual steering wheel .
A variation of the desktop system is the tower model , where the system unit sits vertically and has more space for devices .
A variation on the table plotter is the roller plotter ( also known as the drum plotter ) which uses only one drawing arm but moves the paper instead of holding it flat and stationary .
A versatile as they are , web browser alone cannot display every type of content now available on the Web , especially multimedia content .
A virus is a parasitic program that can delete or scramble files or replicate itself until the host disk is full .
A walk - through operates on the same principle as a fly - by but is used to capture moving interior shots of a building or scene .
A Web - design wizard is a utility that literally walks you through the process of creating a Web page or site .
A web browser ( or browser ) is a software application designed to find hypertext documents on the Web and then open the documents on the user 's computer .
A Web browser displays a Web page as specified by the page 's underlying HTML code .
A Web master is a person or group responsible for designing and maintaining a Web site .
A Web site 's primary page is also called its home page .
A wheel mouse has a small wheel nestled among its buttons .
A wide area network ( WAN ) is the result of connecting LANs through public utilities .
A wide array of graphics programs is now available for both platforms .
A wide assortment of cleverly and seamlessly interwoven media types .
A wide range of digital cameras is available , from inexpensive home use models ( with prices starting at just over $ 100 ) to professional versions costing several thousand dollars .
A wide range of new technologies has been created to support multimedia on CD - ROM and the Internet .
A windowed presentation program includes a menu bar , one or more toolbars ( for managing files , formatting , drawing , and doing other tasks ) , rulers , slide - viewing or navigation buttons that let you move from one slide to another , a status bar , and other tools .
A wizard appears as a series of dialog boxes that ask questions and prompt you to make choices .
A word processor can enhance documents in other ways ; you can embed sounds , video clips , and animations into them .
A word processor lets you set each margin as precisely as you want , usually to an accuracy of inch .
A word processor provides tools for creating , editing , and formatting text - based documents , leading word processing programs include Microsoft Word , Corel WordPerfect , and Lotus WordPro .
A word processor will familiarize you with many tools and interface elements common to other applications designed for your operating system .
A worksheet 's cells can hold several types of data , including labels ( ordinary text ) , values ( numbers ) , dates , and formulas ( statements that perform calculations ) .
A worksheet contains a series of columns and rows .
A worn out or poorly designed keyboard not only slows you down and causes typing errors , it can also result in injuries .
A Xeon version of the Pentium III was released later in 1999 .
About 50 percent of Americans still do not have computers in their homes .
Access time is used as a measure for many different computer components , including RAM and ROM .
Access to some Telnet hosts is limited to users with permission from the owner of the host , but many other hosts offer access to members of the general Internet public .
Accessibility has also become a concern of Web designers .
According to the American Forest and Paper Association , shipments of office paper increased 33 percent between 1986 and 1997 .
Accountants , Bookkeepers , Business Owners and Managers , and Financial Planners .
Active Desktop enables you to integrate Internet resources such as stock tickers and news information services directly on your Windows desktop .
Active matrix displays are considerably more complex than passive matrix screens and are therefore considerably more expensive .
Active matrix displays are often called thin film transistor ( TFT ) displays because many active matrix monitors are based on TFT technology , which employs as many as four transistors per pixel .
Active matrix LCD technology assigns a transistor to each pixel , and each pixel is turned on and off individually .
Actually , read - only memory ( ROM ) is random access as well , so the names for the two types of memory can be misleading .
Actually , the bus is a group of parallel wires .
Actually , the electron gun does not just focus on a spot and shoot electrons at it .
Actually , the picture that appears on a monitor is smaller than is indicated by the monitor size because the image cannot extend too far into the corners of the CRT without becoming distorted .
Actually , the process is more complex than that , as shown in Figure 1.6 .
Actually , when you purchase new diskettes , they should be formatted for either a PC or a Macintosh computer .
Adapters that serve input and output purposes provide a port to which devices can be attached and act as translators between the bus and the device itself .
Add a little creativity to the mix , and you can publish your own materials for viewing by a worldwide audience .
Adding , deleting , or editing any field requires that you make the same changes in every file that contains the same field .
Adding charts , tables , clip art , or other graphics is nearly as easy .
Adding RAM is a relatively inexpensive way to boost a system 's overall performance .
Adding text to a slide in Corel Presentations .
ADDRESSING SCHEMES - IP AND DNS ADDRESSES .
Adobe Photoshop , Corel Photo Paint , and Ulead 's PhotoImpact are some popular photo - manipulation programs .
Advanced cellular devices combine analog and digital cell - phone service with e - mail capabilities .
Advanced Micro Devices ( AMD ) was long known as a provider of low - performance processors for use in low - cost computers .
Advertisers are continually pushing the envelope in computer - based and character animation as they seek to give personality to the items they hope to sell .
Affordable video capture cards are enabling home users to edit their videotapes like professionals .
After a book is downloaded , you can print or fax individual pages .
After a moment , the station 's programming should begin playing .
After a photograph has been brought into the computer , usually by scanning or from a digital camera or PhotoCD , the artist can change or enhance the photo , down to individual pixels , at will .
After a portion of the stream has been buffered , it is played while the next portion of the stream is stored in the buffer .
After a worksheet has been created , anything in it can be edited .
After all , a fast processor will not help if the computer cannot store all the data and programs you want to use .
After all , it is free and will run on nearly any old computer .
After all students have unplugged their devices , switch places with someone and reconnect all the devices .
After an image has been written to the disk using a field of lasers , however , it cannot be erased or changed .
After capturing an image , a digital camera stores it in a special type of memory or on a magnetic disk .
After centuries of practice , people find speech a natural and effective way to communicate .
After completing this book , you should be able to define the following terms .
After completing this book you should be able to define the following terms .
After completing this book you should be able to define the following terms .
After completing this book you should be able to define the following terms .
After completing this unit , you should be able to define the following terms .
After completing this unit you should be able to define the following terms .
After completing this unit you should be able to define the following terms .
After copying digitized music ( from your computer 's CD - ROM drive , for example ) onto your hard drive , you can use the ripper to compress the music .
After data is sorted , it may be easier to perform calculations on the results .
After information has been written to part of the CD , that information cannot be changed .
After leaving the backbone , the packets are then routed through one or more networks until they reach the appropriate server and are reassembled into the complete request .
After placing the insertion point where you want to place the paragraph , you choose the Paste command , which copies the Clipboard 's contents back into the document .
After reading the message , the recipient can save it , delete it , forward it to someone else , or respond by sending a reply message .
After the chart is created , you can continue to adjust its appearance using a set of special chart tools .
After the computer finds and runs the operating system , it is ready to accept commands from an input device usually the keyboard or a mouse or from a program .
After the corporate databases are constructed , database administrators are called upon to develop backup , load , and unload strategies .
After the detector has identified the bar code , it converts the individual bar patterns into numeric digits .
After the graphic has been imported , you can move , size , crop , and add borders to it .
After the individual components of a multimedia product are created , the developer uses sophisticated multimedia authoring tools to assemble them into a single working program .
After the introduction of the Intel 80286 processor in 1982 , both companies recognized the need to take advantage of the new capabilities of this CPU .
After the menu is opened , just type the underlined letter in the name of the command you want to issue .
After the system restarts , open a program or two and look at the screen .
After the table has been set up , data can be entered .
After you assign a name to a cell , you can include the name rather than the cell address in formulas .
After you draw a circle , you can return to it later and move it intact by dragging it with the mouse , even if it has been covered with other shapes or lines .
After you have created your pages , simply contact your Internet service provider ( ISP ) .
After you have finished working with the program or data , you put it back into the file cabinet .
After you have purchased and set up the computer , you can take the CPU for granted because you interact directly with input devices ( more so than with output devices , which are covered in Unit 3 ) and only indirectly with the CPU .
After you read the page , click your browser 's Back button to return to the search page .
After you select a slide type , the blank slide appears in the document window , ready for you to add text , charts , or graphics .
After you select a template , you can quickly assemble a presentation by creating individual slides .
After your text is matched against a database , you are presented with a list of possible solutions .
Afterward , you can run the macro with the click of a mouse or by pressing a simple key combination instead of manually repeating all the steps to format each quotation .
Afterward were you amazed to learn that it was done on a computer ?
Again , isps provide these types of services for home users and businesses who want to connect to the Internet .
Again , this list is brief , but if your career involves managing money , then a spreadsheet will probably be an essential tool for you .
Again , this type of connection works for some types of stand - alone computers but is uncommon .
Again , web sites such as the Microsoft Network , America Online , Yahoo ! , and many others provide this kind of service .
Again , weigh this cost against the need for a new OS .
AGP buses are typically rated at 266 MBps but can support data transfer rates of more than 1 GBps .
Airlines use large mainframe systems for flight scheduling , reservations , ticketing , and meeting a range of customer service needs .
Ajb . dni . us - to search for job listings in the America 's Job Bank database .
Alignment and indents are paragraph formats ; the margins are part of the overall document format .
Alignment refers to the orientation of the lines of a paragraph with respect to the margins .
All CAD programs have the ability to add dimensions to a drawing .
All computers do is recognize two distinct physical states produced by electricity , magnetic polarity , or reflected light .
All computers on the Internet use TCP / IP protocols .
All high - capacity floppy disks require a drive made especially for their use .
All modern word processing programs are rich in features , many of which have nothing to do with text editing or formatting .
All monitors can be categorized by the way they display colors .
All objects created in modern draw programs consist of an outline and a fill .
All of the operating systems targeted for the home user , particularly Windows 95 , Windows 98 , and the Mac operating systems , provide built - in networking capabilities .
All of these computers can be connected to form networks of computers , but each individual computer , whether or not it is on a network , falls into one of these five categories .
All PCs use a disk controller as an interface between a disk drive and the CPU .
All spreadsheets allow you to do simple what - if analyses .
All spreadsheets use row and column identifiers as the basis for their cell addresses .
All that is different is the setup information the operating system uses to configure the modem to accommodate the specific capabilities of each modem .
All the chips following the 386 have the capacity for multitasking .
All the computer 's resources are managed from the control unit .
All the multimedia objects can be played directly from the computer if you have the appropriate sound and video display hardware .
All the sectors on the disk are numbered in one long sequence so that the computer can access each small area on the disk with a unique number .
All the strengths of Windows 95 , which followed the Windows 3.x series , had already existed in other operating systems - most notably the Macintosh and Windows NT .
All these features make it possible for Windows NT Server to ensure disk and data security even in the event of a catastrophic failure of a hard disk .
All these types of digital information can travel to the consumer along the same path - perhaps via a CD - ROM disk , a cable TV wire , or a satellite transmission .
All this software is used to generate the content .
All three of these tasks require that the IS manager and staff have an in - depth knowledge of how PCs process data , use RAM , and are affected by CPU type and speed .
All word processors let you work in overtype mode , in which the new text you type writes over existing text .
Allocating RAM among various programs that you may have open .
Almost all PCs sold today come with a hard disk and one diskette drive .
Almost any new version of a spreadsheet , presentation , or database program can convert a user 's files into HTML format .
Almost any new word processor , spreadsheet , database , or presentation application can convert ordinary documents into HTML files .
Along with the keys that produce letters and numbers , the alphanumeric key group includes a few additional keys , with specific functions .
Also , animated graphics can appear blurry .
Also , because they spray so much ink on the paper , it can take several minutes for a printout to dry , so smearing can be a problem .
Also , click the Accessories option in the Programs menu ; then click Internet Accessories .
Also , every logical operation has an opposite .
Also , great care must be taken when bending fiber - optic cable .
Also , if you are going to work with graphics , display a picture with which you are familiar and see whether the colors look accurate .
Also , more Internet users are adopting high - speed connections .
Also , note that flat - panel monitors are not well suited for this purpose because of their limited viewing angle .
Also , programmers working with certain types of software must become proficient in the different text codes used by the PCs they work on , in particular the ASCII and Unicode tables .
Also , the channels can be combined so that BRI service can be used to transmit data at rates as high as 128 Kbps without compression .
Also , they might require the presenter to use other types of hardware - such as a tape player or VCR - during the presentation .
Also available is network backup software that enables backups to be made of files stored on employees ' hard drives .
Also because of their size , notebook computers tend to be more expensive than comparably equipped desktop computers .
Also called laptop computers , they can operate on alternating plug - in current or special batteries .
Also known as Fast Ethernet , 100Base - T is available using the same media and topology as Ethernet , but different network interface cards are used to achieve speeds of up to 100 Mbps .
Also like a monitor and its video controller , the amount of special memory that laser printers contain determines the speed at which documents are printed .
Also like UNIX , linux can run on nearly any computer and can support almost any type of application .
Also note that different providers may use DSL terms differently and apply different usage standards in delivering DSL services .
Also notice that there are several folders in the list .
Also stored on the server is the server portion of the database management system , the program that allows users to add information to , or extract it from , the database .
Alternative input devices are important parts of some special purpose computers .
Although a line on the screen is still displayed as a series of blocks ( because that is how all monitors work ) , to the computer it is an equation .
Although a shift toward optical technology is occurring , the hard disk is still the most common storage device for all computers .
Although a small percentage of these online graphics are homemade ( created by the person distributing them ) , the vast majority are illegally acquired by scanning or copying from digital sources .
Although a text box can hold multiple paragraphs , the paragraphs themselves are usually quite short .
Although a Web page might look like one big graphic , most pages are actually collections of graphics and text elements combined by the browser according to HTML tags embedded in the page 's content .
Although a word processing program cannot make you a good writer , it can help .
Although clip art is often licensed for unlimited use , most pieces of artwork ( drawings , backgrounds , buttons , animation , and photos ) that you see in print or on the Internet are not .
Although commercial versions of the OS now exist , linux remains open and still attracts a community of developers interested in contributing to it .
Although computer animation works on the same principles as traditional animation ( a sequence of still images displayed in rapid succession ) , computer animators now have highly sophisticated tools that take the drudgery out of the animation process and allow them to create animation more quickly than ever .
Although computers speed up the animation process tremendously , they still work on the same idea : generate hundreds or thousands of individual images , and then display them in rapid succession to create the illusion of motion .
Although DAT tapes are relatively inexpensive , the drives can be expensive when compared to standard tape drives .
Although digital telephone lines are gaining popularity , most people still have analog telephone lines attached to their homes and businesses .
Although dot matrix printers are not commonly used in homes , they are still widely used in business , as are other types of impact printers .
Although drive speeds are constantly increasing , they are still much slower than typical hard disks .
Although easy to learn and use , flat - file database systems can be difficult to maintain and limited in their power .
Although few people believe that Linux will ever replace Windows as the desktop operating system of choice ( or replace Windows NT as the primary network OS ) , microsoft executives have said that they view Linux as a legitimate competitor .
Although flat panel monitors have so far been used primarily on portable computers , a new generation of large , high resolution , flat panel displays is gaining popularity among users of desktop systems .
Although FTP is easy to use , it can be hard to find a file that you want to download .
Although icons generally look like the object they represent , another class of symbols , called buttons , generally look the same from program to program .
Although it is designed to carry two - way electronic information , the network of telephone lines is significantly different from a typical computer network .
Although it is included in the cursor movement keys , insert does not really control the cursor 's movement .
Although it is not specified by the ISDN standard , it is also possible to purchase lines from telephone companies that offer even more bandwidth .
Although it is possible to connect a local network directly to the Internet backbone , it is usually not practical ( except for the largest organizations ) because of the high cost of a backbone connection .
Although it is possible to save images that are larger than the user 's display space , web designers avoid this practice .
Although it looks like a personal computer , this system is actually a powerful Ultra 60 workstation from Sun Microsystems .
Although it ruled throughout the 1980s , dos did not gain the upper hand without a fight .
Although just about any graphics file format can be used on a Web page , browsers support only the GIF , JPG , and PNG file formats without requiring the use of special plug - in software .
Although large programs are often delivered on CD - ROM , many programs are still sold on diskettes .
Although Linux is typically considered to be a server platform , an increasing number of software companies are porting their applications to Linux .
Although many people think of documents simply as text , a computer document can include many kinds of data .
Although most computer screens can display colors of up to 24 or even 32 bits ( called true color ) , the files that take advantage of these color settings can be large .
Although most offices and homes use ink jet or laser printers , other types of printers are used for special purposes .
Although most storage devices and media employ one technology or the other , some use both .
Although Motorola 's 68000 chip ( introduced in 1979 ) was more powerful than Intel 's 8088 , subsequent improvements to the Motorola chip were made in smaller increments than Intel 's giant performance leaps .
Although neither K6 offers SSE instructions , both feature AMD 's 3DNow ! technology , which provides enhanced multimedia performance .
Although performance varies according to your hardware and application , you can expect about a 50 percent improvement .
Although Plug and Play has existed for a few years , the protocol has improved .
Although portable computers are increasingly affordable , they do not necessarily make reading and writing easier .
Although printer costs have fallen considerably over the years , it still is not cost - effective for each user in an organization to have his or her own printer .
Although software is usually described as separate from hardware , software engineers and programmers must understand how a PC processes data to be able to write computer programs .
Although some minis are designed for a single user , most are designed to handle multiple terminals .
Although sound files are of no value in printed documents , they can be useful in documents that are distributed electronically - on disk , online , or across a network .
Although tabs can be used to set up rows and columns of information in a document , word processors provide features that let you create tables in just a few steps .
Although tape drives are considered to be add - ons , many tape drives can be inserted into the system unit 's drive bays , which makes them an integral part of the system .
Although telephone companies are offering more digital lines ( which are better suited to data transmission ) , most homes and businesses are still served by analog telephone lines .
Although the extra - density ( ED ) 2.88 MB floppy disk holds more data than the standard high - density 1.44 MB diskette , you need a special floppy disk drive to read the extra - density disk .
Although the 16 - bit code may have represented a backward glance , it was probably the greatest marketing strength of Windows 95 .
Although the 68000 chip is best known as the foundation of the original Macintosh , it actually predates the Mac by several years .
Although the 8088 was the first chip to be used in an IBM PC , ibm actually used an earlier chip , the 8086 , in a subsequent model called the IBM PC XT .
Although the array of available programs is vast and varied , most software falls into two major categories : system software and application software .
Although the biggest online services are general in content and offer many features , others are much more specialized , offering access to specific databases .
Although the casual computer user may not need an inventory - tracking system , home users utilize commercial DBMS products to maintain address lists of friends and business contacts , manage household purchases and budgets , organize music CD and video libraries , and store data for home businesses .
Although the DOS prompt is not an elegant interface , it was not terribly hard to use once you mastered the commands you used most frequently .
Although the Macintosh operating system was the first widely available system to take advantage of the mouse , the tool 's popularity grew rapidly .
Although the mouse did not make him rich , it helped launch one of the most brilliant and innovative careers in the history of computing science .
Although the primary mouse button is used for most mouse actions , an increasing number of programs also use the right mouse button .
Although the process is complex , the computer can accomplish it at an incredible speed , translating millions of instructions every second .
Although the vast majority of new PCs feature a consumer version of Windows , the number of exceptions is increasing .
Although the viewer can select different programs to watch , television does not yet provide the level of interactivity currently available in computer - based interactive media products .
Although there are exceptions , most paint programs are also not well suited to handling text .
Although there are several organizations ( such as the Internet Society and the World Wide Web Consortium ) that propose standards for Internet - related technologies and guidelines for its appropriate use , these organizations almost universally support the Internet 's openess and lack of centralized control .
Although there are still many professions that do not rely on computers , they are becoming fewer all the time .
Although there is no set of written rules governing behavior on the Internet , the wise user participates in an honor system .
Although they are now rivals , ibm and Microsoft were once allies .
Although they do not possess the pixel - pushing capability of paint programs , draw programs can be used to create images with an arty look and have been adopted as the primary tool of many designers .
Although they will gain speed and storage capacity quickly , H / PC Pro systems offer very limited RAM and relatively slow processor speeds .
Although this chapter focuses on the relational database model , other database structures are used .
Although this makes the screen easier to read , it requires additional power .
Although this sounds like a slow process , band printers are very fast and very robust .
Although used most often for simple jobs such as sharpening focus or adjusting contrast , photo - manipulation programs are also used to modify photographs in ways far beyond the scope of a traditional darkroom .
Although using an online encyclopedia or dictionary is not always as convenient as grabbing a book from a shelf , the online version offers two distinct advantages .
Although Windows featured a memory - protection scheme that reserved blocks of memory space and CPU time for individual processes , the system was not reliable and Windows users frequently lost data to crashes .
Although Windows NT Workstation looks almost identical to consumer versions of Windows , its underlying operating system is almost completely different .
Although workstations are often found in single - user applications , they are more and more often used as servers on personal computer networks and as Web servers .
Although you initiate many tasks by clicking icons and buttons , you can also start tasks by choosing commands from lists called menus .
Although you may think your favorite software program saves you a great deal of time and energy , it could probably save you a great deal more if you used its most powerful tools - macros .
Although you will spend most of your computing time using an application rather than working directly with an operating system , it is still useful to learn as much as you can about your operating system .
Always check the rules when you go online .
AMD 's K6 - 2 processor was released in 1998 .
AMD even began a new race for the fastest PC processor .
AMD has added a third level of cache memory to its K6 - III processor , and other vendors may do the same .
Americans use about 200 pounds of paper per person , every year , according to a May 1999 report in USA Today .
Among IBM compatible computers , the most common keyboard layout is the IBM Enhanced Keyboard .
Among other things , rom contains a set of start - up instructions , which ensures that the rest of memory is functioning properly , checks for hardware devices , and checks for an operating system on the computer 's disk drives .
Among the first to commit to Linux were Corel Corp . ( maker of CorelDRAW and WordPerfect ) and Netscape , which released Linux versions of several products in 1999 .
Among the many features of word processors are language tools that assist you in finding errors in your spelling and grammar , and help you find just the right word or avoid overusing certain words .
Among the many kinds of communications devices , the most common are modems , which enable computers to communicate through telephone lines or cable television systems , and network interface cards ( NICs ) , which let users connect a group of computers to share data and devices .
Among the most common multimedia compression schemes currently being used are JPEG ( as you saw in Chapter 1 , WORKING WITH IMAGES of COMPUTER GRAPHICS AND DESIGN , which is commonly used for high - resolution still images , and MPEG - pronounced EM - peg , for Motion Picture Experts Group ) , which is used for full - motion video files .
Among the strengths of DOS were its reliability and stability .
An adaptation of the QuickTime format , called QuickTime VR , enables developers to create virtual reality - like environments from flat , two - dimensional images .
An added advantage to spooling is that it allows a user to continue working while the document is printing rather than waiting for the computer to finish sending the print job to the printer .
An added bonus of computer animation is the ability to animate three - dimensional characters and create photorealistic scenes .
An ascending sort order arranges records in alphabetical order ( from A to Z ) , numerical order ( from 0 to 9 ) , or chronological order ( from 1 / 1 / 1900 to 31 / 12 / 1999 ) .
An AutoCorrect feature can correct some errors as you type .
An e - mail client or a newsreader ?
An efficient way to present a slide show is to display the slides directly from the PC 's disk .
An electronic thesaurus is just like a printed one - a source of alternative words .
An electronic wallet is a program on your computer that stores credit card information , a digital certificate that verifies your identity and shipping information .
An emerging school of thought on producing faster computers is to build them with more than one processor .
An emerging technology that is too new to have widespread use is the software modem .
An empty worksheet ( one without any data ) looks like a grid of rows and columns .
An enterprise - level DBMS provides programming - style tools that allow database managers or developers to create customized forms and reports and to set up queries to find the tiniest , most unique pieces of data from the system .
An ever - increasing number of corporate IT and database managers , web site operators , and ISPs are using Linux as the core operating system on mission - critical computer networks .
An evolving standard for data representation , called the Unicode Worldwide Character Standard , provides 2 bytes - 16 bits - to represent each letter , number , or symbol .
An example is shown in Figure 2.1 .
An example might be the calculation of late payments on a loan .
An example of a document coded with HTML is shown in Figure 1.2 .
An example of a formula used to calculate simple percentages .
An example of the SUM function in a Lotus 1 - 2 - 3 worksheet .
An expansion bus connects external devices , such as the keyboard , mouse , modem , printer , etc . , to the CPU .
An external modem is a box that houses the modem 's circuitry outside the computer .
An extranet is an intranet that can be accessed by outside users over the Internet .
An IEEE 1394 bus has a data transfer rate of 400 Mbps .
An image scanner equipped with OCR software can translate a page of text into a string of character codes in the computer 's memory .
An impact printer creates an image by pressing an inked ribbon against the paper , using pins or hammers to shape the image .
An important factor in measuring overall system performance is the speed at which the computer 's disk drives operate .
An important part of the multimedia development process is understanding how a product will be distributed to its users .
An important step in making all the data useful is called data scrubbing .
An inactive program 's taskbar button appears to be popped out .
An ink jet printer is an example of a nonimpact printer .
An input device does exactly what its name suggests ; it enables you to input information and commands into the computer .
An intelligent terminal , on the other hand , has its own processor and can perform some processing operations .
An internal modem is a circuit board that plugs into one of the computer 's expansion slots .
An internal modem saves desktop space but occupies an expansion slot .
An Internet server computer communicating with a client computer .
An interrupt is a signal it notifies a program that an event has occurred .
An intranet is a LAN or WAN that uses TCP / IP protocols but belongs exclusively to a corporation , school , or organization .
An ISDN data connection can transfer data at up to 128,000 bits per second .
An isolated computer can connect to the Internet through a serial data communications port using either serial line interface protocol ( SLIP ) or point - to - point protocol ( PPP ) , two methods for creating a direct connection through a telephone line .
An LCD version of the paper white display is called the page white display .
An object 's characteristics can be text , sound , graphics , and video .
An object is defined by its characteristics , attributes , and procedures .
An older set of standards , called MPC , was recently replaced by the more current PC 99 standards .
An online newsletter for Linux users of all levels can be found at http : / / www . linuxgazette . com / .
An online service is a company that offers access , generally on a subscription basis , to e - mail , discussion groups , databases on various subjects ( such as weather information , stock quotes , newspaper articles , and so on ) , and other services ranging from electronic banking and investing to online games .
An open operating system , it is a cost - effective alternative to other operating systems for sharing files , applications , printers , modems , and Internet services .
An operating system ( OS ) is a software program , but it is different from word processing programs , spreadsheets , and all the other software programs on your computer .
An outgrowth of the 3 - D explosion is computer based animation .
An outlining tool enables you to organize your slides ' contents as you create them by rearranging them and viewing them in order .
An over - whelming volume of software that ran under DOS was available , and a large installed base of Intel - based PCs ran DOS .
An unwanted static charge can make a trackpad behave erratically .
Analysis can help you reach a desired numeric result .
Analysts frequently assist managers in designing queries and reports that draw data from the database or in creating forms that make data input easier or more efficient .
And , in spite of their limited resolution , home - printed photos are faster and cheaper than professionally printed photos from film .
And remember that the screen changes constantly as you work .
And there is a wealth of information about Linux on the Internet , along with thousands of devoted users .
And they were not much to look at , with their black and white screens displaying nothing but rows of text .
And thus ends the need for many kinds of printed reference manuals .
And word processing programs can read and save files in specific formats such as DOC or TXT .
Animated GIFs are frequently used in advertising banners and other graphics elements to attract the user 's attention .
Animation can be added to a Web page by using simple animated GIF images or plug - in software such as Flash or Shockwave .
Animation software offers various tools to assist in the animation process and make the animation process and make the results more realistic .
Animators used to create their finished work by photographing models and sculptures or hand - drawn and painted pictures .
Another , less common type of physical topology is the mesh topology .
Another advantage draw programs have is the ability to resize images easily , without degrading their sharpness or focus , so that they match the size of the paper on which they will be printed .
Another advantage of the Macintosh was that all its applications looked alike and functioned similarly , making them easier to learn than DOS applications , most of which had their own unique look and feel .
Another advantage of the Pentium II is its ability to work with a 100 MHz data bus .
Another common type of keyboard shortcut involves pressing the Alt key to access a program 's menu systems .
Another common type of paragraph formatting is the use of lists , either numbered lists or bulleted lists .
Another common use for Telnet is to provide access to online conferences that are not part of Usenet , such as the one in Figure 1.1 .
Another common use is inputting signatures or messages that are stored and transmitted as a graphic image , such as a fax .
Another critical specification of a network is the cabling equipment ( also called the network technology ) used to create a LAN .
Another data - analysis tool is sorting .
Another disadvantage is that passive matrix displays do not refresh the pixels very often .
Another disadvantage of LCD monitors is their limited viewing angle - that is , the angle from which the display 's image can be viewed clearly .
Another enhancement to speech recognition programs is their ability to recognize continuous speech .
Another feature is FAT32 - a 32 - bit implementation of the FAT file system that can improve file system performance .
Another important aspect of multimedia development is distribution - that is , the means by which the product gets to the consumer .
Another important factor in determining how quickly a drive can read and write data is the type of controller that the drive uses .
Another important feature is print server clustering .
Another important feature of CAD programs is their ability to define layers , which are like transparent layers of film that you can place on top of each other .
Another important platform for computer graphics is the class of machines known as workstations .
Another improvement in ink jet printers has been in the paper they require .
Another popular input device is the mouse , which lets you select options from onscreen menus .
Another popular type of multimedia content is three - dimensional ( 3 - D ) animation .
Another reason for the continued popularity of mainframe systems is their reliability .
Another reason has to do with the changing rotational speed of the disk .
Another solution is to connect users ' computers to a central network server , and enable users to share a network version of a program .
Another strength of the compact disk format is its ability to interact with other technologies .
Another technology with some success in the home networking market - primarily for implementation in existing structures - is wireless networking .
Another twist on chat is instant messenger software .
Another type of expansion card - the PC Card ( initially called a Personal Computer Memory Card International Association or PCMCIA card ) - is a small device about the size of a credit card .
Another type of modem that is increasing in use is the cable modem .
Another use for home networks is network - based gaming .
Another way to protect data sent over the Internet is by using the secure HTTP ( S - HTTP ) protocol .
Another Windows 95 asset is compatibility with networking software such as NetWare and Microsoft Windows NT Server .
ANSI 's solution to representing symbols with bits of data was the ASCII character set .
Answer the following question by filling in the blank ( s ) .
Answer the following questions by circling True or False .
Answer the following questions by circling True or False .
Answer the following questions by circling True or False .
Answer the following questions by circling True or False .
Answer the following questions by circling True or False .
Answer the following questions by filling in the blank ( s ) .
Answer the following questions by filling in the blank .
Answer the following questions by filling in the blanks .
Answer these following questions by filling in the blank ( s ) .
Antivirus utilities examine specific parts of a disk for hidden viruses and files that may act as hosts for virus code .
Any company uses various storage devices , and the administrators must understand how each one stores data to allocate storage resources on the network depending on the data that users create .
Any computer - regardless of its type - is controlled by programmed instructions , which give the machine a purpose and tell it what to do .
Any computer on the Internet can connect to any other computer .
Any field in that table may reference another table that contains subdivisions of data - such as all the vendors or personnel working on a particular project .
Any network that exists within a single building , or even a group of adjacent buildings , is considered a LAN .
Any newer model PC ( if it has sufficient resources ) can run nearly any current operating system .
Any of these types of requests is called a query , a user - constructed statement that describes data and sets criteria so that the DBMS can gather the relevant data and construct specific information .
Any one record in the table does not necessarily have data in every field .
Any single computer might have many separate users , however , and each user must have an account on that computer .
Anyone can download and use these files by using special FTP client software .
Anyone can get a free copy of Linux on the Internet , and disk - based copies are often inserted in popular computer books and magazines .
Anyone with access to the Internet can exchange text , data files , and programs with any other user .
AnyPoint uses the existing telephone lines in the house and enables homeowners to network a computer in any room with an existing telephone line easily and quickly .
Apple 's iMac and Power Mac personal computer lines are built around the G3 chip and offer better performance and speed than Pentium II - based systems at a lower cost .
Apple 's QuickTime Player is commonly used on the Internet for playing music videos , movie trailers , and other streaming video or audio files .
Apple 's savior , as it turned out , was an odd - looking PC named the iMac - a low - priced system that performed as well as higher - priced IBM - compatible PCs .
Apple Computer introduced the first successful GUI with its Macintosh computer in 198 .
AppleShare is used by Apple Macintosh users to network with one another .
AppleShare provides access to shared resources , such as printers and storage devices , and to centralized servers .
Application software and system software .
Application software has been written to do almost every task imaginable , from word processing to selecting a college to attend .
Application software tells the computer how to accomplish specific tasks , such as word processing or drawing , for the user .
Application suites such as Microsoft Office , Corel 's WordPerfect Office , and Lotus 's SmartSuite include the following types of programs .
Applications and operating systems grow larger all the time , requiring more and more storage space .
Applications designed to run under a specific operating system use the same interface elements , so users can see a familiar interface no matter what programs they are using .
Applications enable you to access the Web without manually switching to a browser , for example , or load a document from the Internet as though it were on your hard disk .
Applications such as videoconferencing enable people to use full motion video images , captured by a PC video camera , and transmit them to a limited number of recipients on a network or to the world on the Internet .
Applied to computers , the term has a similar definition .
Archie is a nickname for archives .
Architects and engineers frequently use the computer to take clients on a virtual tour of construction projects long before the actual construction has started .
Archive files are commonly used for exactly that purpose - archiving unneeded data files .
Are people asking for a hard copy when an e - mail attachment would work just as well ?
Are there any games or reference products installed ?
Are there danger zones where people may trip over or drop items on the cabling or connectors ?
Are there sufficient controls to stop a video or audio clip if the user wants to continue without going through the entire clip ?
Are workers obligated to learn these new skills if they want to keep their jobs ?
Arguments are the values ( often cell references ) that the function uses in its operation .
Arithmetic operations include addition , subtraction , multiplication , and division .
Around the world , hundreds of radio stations are now Webcasting their programs over the Internet .
ARPA also wanted users in remote locations to be able to share scare computing resources .
ARPANET 's host computers ( like those on today 's Internet ) provided file transfer and communications services and gave connected systems access to the network 's high - speed data lines .
Artwork may have also been licensed for publication or displayed in a specific place for a limited number of times .
As a business tool , the Internet has many uses .
As a first step toward understanding and learning to use computers , this lesson gives you a peek at these fascinating machines .
As a general rule , you should never conceal your identity on the Internet .
As a group , what factors should you consider in making this decision ?
As a printer , however , even a good typewriter is slow and limited in the kinds of images it can produce .
As a replacement for - or supplement to - classroom training , many companies have developed customized interactive training materials .
As a result , cad programs can easily recognize large or small objects and instantly scale the image to fit on the screen or on paper and in proportion to other objects .
As a result , communications companies offer a service called ATM , which stands for asynchronous transfer mode .
As a result , creating effective multimedia can be a challenging process .
As a result , dozens ( if not hundreds ) of different versions of UNIX began springing up , especially in universities , where UNIX was widely used as a teaching and research tool by programmers and computer scientists .
As a result , dozens of specialized file formats , audio or video platforms , and programming techniques have become available .
As a result , image quality may suffer when a PC - to - TV converter is used .
As a result , it is one of the most widely used industry buzzwords of the decade .
As a result , many copyrighted songs have been recorded in MP3 format and distributed illegally on the Internet .
As a result , microsoft repositioned Windows NT to be a high - end operating system designed primarily for powerful workstations and network servers .
As a result , modems and communications software use error correction protocols to recover from transmission errors .
As a result , most new computer systems use the EIDE drive - interface standard ( or one like it ) .
As a result , new mass data storage methods are being developed , including some that use fiber - optic connections for the fastest possible data transfer rates .
As a result , no tiers or inherent hierarchy exists within the database .
As a result , several variations on the network computer quickly became available , and consumers almost immediately became confused about their differences and special purposes .
As a result , the availability of online multimedia has exploded .
As a result , the computer becomes part of a wide area network using TCP / IP protocols and whose users share access to the Internet via a dedicated connection .
As a result , the computer keyboard rapidly became valuable real estate .
As a result , the demand for networking experts exploded .
As a result , the information comes to life , and students may even have the software tools to produce their reports in the form of a multimedia presentation .
As a result , the Internet is open to anyone who can access it .
As a result , the telephone companies now offer digital lines specifically designed for data communications .
As a result , the term memory is commonly used to mean RAM .
As a result , this type of structure is used more often when the database is embedded within another application and always accessed in the same way .
As a result , you can use the Clipboard to move data from one program to another .
As a result , you must use utilities to access memory beyond the 640 KB limit .
As a result , you need a modem to translate data into a form that can be sent over the telephone lines .
As a result of the 16 - bit code , Windows 95 can run almost any DOS or Windows 3.x program .
As a rule of thumb , the more RAM a computer has , the better .
As a shortcut , you can also execute many commands from the keyboard .
As a student , you may get tired of lugging around a stack of books every day .
As an added benefit , flat panel displays run cooler than CRTs .
As an example , consider driving a car .
As an example , consider teachers who use a chalkboard in the classroom so they can use written text to support a spoken lecture .
As channels for business research , the databases and other information archives that exist online are often better and more up - to - date than any library .
As computer games become more detailed and elaborate , more specialized game controllers are being developed to take advantage of their features .
As computers and televisions become more high - tech , the need for converters may be eliminated .
As computers spread throughout business , and as developers began offering complex software designed for multiple users , many organizations quickly learned the importance of connecting PCs .
As convenient as these products may be , consumers still seem to be waiting for the ultimate multimedia experience : interactive television .
As costs have come down , however , fiber - optic cable has become increasingly popular , and it is now revolutionizing several communications industries .
As database designers create databases , they need to know the type of storage media being used .
As delivery technologies improve over the coming years , and as bandwidth becomes less of an issue for users ( due to faster networks and Internet connections , improved CD - ROM / DVD - ROM technologies , and the integration of these technologies with television ) , many existing limitations will disappear .
As described in this book , many people work with databases every day without even realizing it .
As directed by your instructor , discuss the following questions in class or in groups .
As directed by your instructor , discuss the following questions in class or in groups .
As directed by your instructor , discuss the following questions in class or in groups .
As directed by your instructor , discuss the following questions in class or in groups .
As directed by your instructor , discuss the following questions in class or in groups .
As directed by your instructor , discuss these questions in class or in groups .
As diskette media improved , storage capacities increased ; the double - density diskettes have been almost completely replaced by high - density ( HD ) diskettes , which provide significantly more storage .
As explained briefly in this chapter , a cable modem is a relatively new technology that enables home computer users to connect to the Internet through their cable TV connection with higher speeds than those offered by dial - up connections .
As explained in the following sections , most formatting features fall into one of three categories : character formats , paragraph formats , and document formats .
As Figure 1.16 shows , subscribing to a newsgroup is a three - step process .
As Figure 1.21 shows , a land reflects the laser light into the sensor ( indicating a data bit of 1 ) , and a pit scatters the light ( indicating a data bit of 0 ) .
As Figure 2.24 demonstrates , higher - resolution settings do not necessarily improve the appearance of an image when displayed on a standard monitor .
As handwriting recognition technology becomes more reliable , pen based systems will undoubtedly become more common .
As handy as it is , some people do not like using a mouse or have difficulty maneuvering one .
As hard disks get larger and larger , do you think we will reach a point where the standard desktop computer has more than enough storage space for the average user 's needs ?
As is the case with access times , data transfer rates can vary greatly from one device to another .
As its name implies , delete is used to delete characters from a document .
As its name implies , Windows NT Workstation is typically used on individual , stand - alone PCs that may or may not be part of a network .
As mentioned earlier , Apple 's Macintosh computers use Motorola processors .
As mentioned earlier , diskette drives and hard disk drives are the most commonly used storage devices in PCs .
As mentioned earlier , dns addresses and numeric IP addresses identify individual computers on the Internet .
As mentioned earlier , presentations once required the use of a projector ( slide or overhead ) and a hard - copy version of the content , either on 35 - mm slides or overhead transparencies .
As mentioned earlier in this book , Microsoft 's WebTV service provides a set of special devices that connect to the user 's television , converting it into an Internet appliance .
As mentioned previously , the Universal Serial Bus ( USB ) standard is rapidly gaining popularity for PCs - both IBM - compatible and Macintosh systems .
As menus and dialog boxes become increasingly crowded , commands can be hard to find and their locations can be as difficult to remember as keyboard shortcuts .
As microprocessor technology improved , however , chips were built that could send and receive more data at once , and improved bus designs created wider paths through which the data could flow .
As more businesses and people join the Internet community , they are finding that the Internet is enhancing their work lives .
As more organizations build databases about individuals , do you believe they should be free to exchange or sell this information ?
As more people connect to the Internet , companies face increasing competition to provide highly visual , interactive content to capture and retain visitors to their Web sites .
As more users transmit data over a network , however , the bandwidth decreases , thereby slowing down all transmissions .
As of this writing , it was estimated that more than fifty countries had Internet access , and that more than 300 million people will have access to the Internet by the end of the year 2000 .
As of this writing , there were more than 45,000 newsgroups , each devoted to discussion of particular topic .
As operating systems continue to evolve , networking will become a more integral part of all operating systems .
As part of its openness , linux would be available for free to anyone who wanted it , although no one would be prohibited from selling their version of Linux as long as they made their innovations public and kept the OS completely open .
As part of the planning process , sufficient time must be built into the schedule for the testing cycles .
As part of the service , isps provide online design tools that make it easy to create a personal Web site .
As prices drop and more models become available , digital cameras are also finding their way into an ever - increasing number of homes .
As recently as fifteen years ago , most people saw no future for the mouse .
As shown below , the medical and engineering fields commonly make use of high - powered systems that include a variation of UNIX .
As shown in Figure 1.10 , if your PC has 64 MB of RAM ( or more ) , you will notice a dramatic difference in how fast Microsoft Windows 98 runs because the CPU will need to swap program instructions between RAM and the hard disk much less often .
As shown in Figure 1.10 , you use URLs to navigate the Web in two ways .
As shown in Figure 1.11 , the video controller is an intermediary device between the CPU and the monitor .
As shown in Figure 1.15 , these interactive tools ask questions about earnings , spending , long - term financial goals , and willingness to take risks .
As shown in Figure 1.2 , the read heads record strings of 1s and 0s by alternating the direction of the current in the electromagnets .
As shown in Figure 1.5 , an ergonomic keyboard may be curved in some way , or it may be broken into two separate sections so the user can place them most comfortably on the desktop .
As shown in Figure 1.5 , each slice would cut across all the disk 's tracks , resulting in short segments , or sectors .
As shown in Figure 1.8 , serif fonts have curls or extra decorative lines at the ends of the strokes that make up each character ; sans serif fonts do not ( sans means without in French ) .
As shown in Figure 2.1 , you can set up a spreadsheet to show information in numerous ways , such as the traditional ledger row - and - column format or a slick report format with headings and charts .
As shown in Figure 2.12 , many H / PCs look like miniature notebook computers , with small displays and keyboards , but are much smaller than even the tiniest full - featured notebook PC .
As shown in Figure 2.14 , a DBMS also allows you to create forms for viewing records .
As shown in Figure 2.6 , a Customer ID Number field in both the Customers table and the Orders table links the two tables , while a Product ID field links the Orders and Products tables .
As shown in Figure 2.7 , the tables are organized into a fixed treelike structure , with each table storing one type of data .
As simple and unassuming as it looks , the mouse is actually surrounded by myth .
As software developers and users place ever - increasing demands on microcomputer systems , processor developers respond with chips of ever - increasing speed and power .
As soon as a change is made to the data on one machine , a discrepancy arises and it can be hard to tell which set of data is correct .
As such , all interface circuitry needed by the device has to be on the device itself .
As Table 1.1 shows , the physically smaller disks can actually hold more data than the larger ones , thanks to newer technology .
As technology improves , consumers become more and more demanding .
As technology improves , processing becomes faster .
As the information society moves forward , an understanding of the Internet may become as important as a college degree , depending on the type of career you want to pursue .
As the 8086 grew into the 80286 , intel developed methods for squeezing more transistors onto the surface of its chips and enabling processors to handle more instructions per second and access greater amounts of memory .
As the capabilities of computers have increased and costs to the consumer have come down , the standards have become more rigorous .
As the electron gun scans , the circuitry driving the monitor adjusts the intensity of each beam to determine whether a pixel is on or off or , in the case of grayscale , how brightly each pixel glows .
As the infrastructure grows , however , cable modem services will arrive in cities around the United States .
As the market for home networking has grown , so has the choice of technologies .
As the name implies , this key lets you lock the alphabet keys so they produce only capital letters .
As the printer finishes printing the current job , the file server sends the next job to the printer so that it can be printed .
As the system 's clock speed increases , so does the number of instructions it can carry out each second .
As the technology in implementation grows and standards gel , it is likely that televisions with integrated modems will be sold .
As the wearer turns his or her head , tracking devices tell the computer to change the image , allowing the wearer to look around the virtual environment rather than stare straight ahead .
As their name implies , a laser is at the heart of these printers .
As these networks are merged , there must be a limited amount of downtime so employees can continue processing data for the company .
As users read and respond to one another 's articles , they create a thread of linked articles .
As video technologies have improved , however , users expect their computers to function like a television .
As with every other part of the computer system , however , there must be software to control the hardware .
As with other communications technologies , selecting a cable modem is not a cut and dried process .
As with SQL , software developers have a tendency to create dialects of Xbase to suit their software 's needs , so each version of Xbase may be a little different from its peers .
As with the bus topology , however , if the ring is broken , the entire network is unable to communicate until the ring is restored .
As work on the project progresses , an engineer may use the software to add a bill of materials while a company purchaser tracks inventory as it is consumed .
As you can see , access times for CD - ROM drives tend to be quite slow by hard disk drive standards , but tape drives offer the longest average access times of any storage device .
As you customize your portal , remember two points .
As you enter new data into the computer , it is also stored in memory , but only temporarily .
As you go , you can insert new slides anywhere , copy slides from other presentations , and reorder the slides .
As you have seen , a database is basically a collection of data .
As you increase your computer skills , you become a more valuable worker , especially if you focus on high tech skills such as programming , network administration , or hardware maintenance .
As you know , computer viruses can be transmitted in numerous ways , and users should be especially vigilant when downloading files over the Internet or reusing old diskettes that may be infected .
As you know , tables hold the raw data that the DBMS will work with .
As you learned earlier , a vector - based program recognizes objects not just as a fixed series of pixels but according to variable starting and ending points , thickness , weight , and other attributes .
As you learned earlier , standard telephone lines transmit analog signals in which sound is translated into an electrical current .
As you learned earlier in this unit , computers can display graphics at various resolutions and color depths .
As you learned in NETWORKS AND DATA COMMUNICATION , a server is a powerful computer , generally containing a large hard disk , that acts as a shared storage resource .
As you learned in STORING INFORMATION IN A COMPUTER , you can use a data compression utility to reduce the size of files so they consume less disk space .
As you learned in THE INTERNET AND THE LIFE , the terms streaming audio and streaming video refer to technologies that enable high - quality audio and video data to be transmitted over an Internet connection .
As you learned in Chapter 1 , types of Storage Devices of STORING INFORMATION IN A COMPUTER , there is an area called the file allocation table , or FAT , that the operating system creates when you format a disk .
As you learned in this book , several audio and video players are available for use on a PC , and each provides a unique set of features in addition to supporting various multimedia file types .
As you learned in this unit , a file becomes fragmented when the entire file cannot be stored in consecutive sectors .
As you may recall , waving a magnet past an electric coil like the one in a drive 's read head causes a current to flow through the coil .
As you might guess , collisions are few in a small network .
As you might imagine , the subject matter of these images runs the gamut from family - oriented cartoons , to celebrity images , to pornography .
As you move the pointer , the item is dragged along with it .
As you move toward the hard disk 's center , each subsequent track has fewer sectors .
As you open your home to technology and connectivity , you also open it to hackers .
As you read a hypertext document - more commonly called a Web page - on screen , you can click a word or picture encoded as a hypertext link and immediately jump to another location within the same document or to a different Web page .
As you read earlier , several technologies have recently been developed to support multimedia on the Web and enable developers to compress audio , video , and graphical content to a fraction of its original size , break it into packets , and deliver it in small , manageable chunks that can be put back together and played on the user 's PC .
As you saw earlier , this central computer is known as the file server , network server , application server , or just the server .
As you saw earlier in this chapter , these features let you create any type of document , save it in HTML format , and then immediately open it in a Web browser ( such as Netscape Navigator or Microsoft Internet Explorer ) .
As you saw earlier in this lesson , a set of instructions that drives a computer to perform specific tasks is called a program .
As you type , the insertion point advances across the screen , showing you where the next character will be placed .
As you use your computer - whether you are typing , issuing commands , surfing the Internet , or even listening to music on the system 's CD - ROM drive - hardly a moment goes by when you are not looking at your monitor .
As you use your PC , multimedia content may come from a compact disk , a DVD , your hard disk , the Internet , or an online service .
As you will learn in this chapter , spreadsheets are amazing applications that can hold large amounts of numerical data arranged in rows and columns .
As you will see , many other types of input devices are available , including variations of the mouse and specialized alternative input devices such as microphones and scanners .
As you will see , some of these categories - especially microcomputers - can be divided into subcategories , some of which are growing rapidly enough to become major categories in their own right .
As you will see , there are newer optical technologies that allow you to write and rewrite data onto the surface of an optical disk .
As you will see in the next few pages , the Internet has evolved into something different than the special - purpose , restricted - use network its planners originally envisioned .
As you will see in the next section , PowerPC , G3 , and G4 chips are different from the earlier 68000 series from the ground up .
As you will see throughout this book , the new media are created by a convergence of many types of technology , enabling individuals and large groups to communicate and convey information using computers and communications systems .
As you will soon learn , this is why you frequently have to save your data files to a storage device .
As you work on the slide , you see exactly how it will look when it is shown to an audience .
As you would expect , a parallel interface can handle a higher volume of data than a serial interface because more than 1 bit can be transmitted through a parallel interface simultaneously .
ASCII ( pronounced AS - key ) stands for the American Standard Code for Information Interchange .
Aside from careers that focus on architecture and administration of the Internet , many other professions require not only a working knowledge of the Internet but a mastery of the tools used to create and distribute content across it .
Aside from the duplicated cost of purchasing multiple printers , maintenance contracts and other factors ( such as the cost of supplies ) increase the overall cost of ownership .
Asymmetrical DSL ( ADSL ) uses discrete multitone ( DMT ) or carrierless amplitude phase ( CAP ) modulation .
At a more advanced level , people use movies and television to combine multiple types of media ( sound , video , animation , still graphics , and text ) to create different kinds of messages that inform or entertain in unique and meaningful ways .
At first , arpanet was basically a wide area network serving only a handful of users , but it expanded rapidly .
At first , it may seem like an extra layer of unnecessary formality .
At least , experts thought , we can achieve a paperless office : work environments where printed documents were no longer used .
At some point , however , devices of that size ( or even smaller ) may offer the same computational power and features as today 's most powerful desktop PCs .
At the beginning of the machine cycle ( that is , during the instruction cycle ) , the CPU takes two steps .
At the cable 's start and end points , a special device called a terminator is attached .
At the company 's Web site , you may find an option that lets you describe a problem and submit a request for help .
At the consumer level , it is possible to buy a wide range of goods and services at Web sites .
At the core of new media is a concept known as digital convergence .
At the corporate level , e - commerce technologies enable companies to form partnership , conduct business transaction online , and collaborate on projects .
At the helm of a multimedia project is the creative director , who is responsible for developing and refining the overall design process from start to finish .
At the helm of such teams are experienced designers and Web masters .
At the high end in terms of both price and performance are hot - swappable hard disks .
At the minimum resolution of 640 x 480 , there are 307,200 pixels to control .
At the other end of the spectrum , dual - processor and quad - processor versions of PCs are available today and are commonly used as network servers , internet host computers , and stand - alone workstations .
At the prompt , type DIR and press Enter .
At the receiving end ( for example , inside a modern cable TV converter or direct - broadcast satellite receiver ) , the compressed file undergoes a decoding process , and the missing bits are quickly reinserted to produce a copy that is extremely close to the original in quality and detail .
At the receiving end , the computer 's modem converts the analog signals back into digital data .
At the same time , color laser printers have also become more affordable , although most still cost more than $ 1000 .
At the time of its release , Windows NT addressed the market for the 32 - bit , networked workstations that used some of the most powerful CPUs on the market .
At the time of the sale , national 's intention was to market the MediaGX technology for use in smart appliances , network computers , and other small computing devices .
At the time of the writing of this textbook , microsoft had developed the following versions of Windows 2000 .
At the time this book was published , CD - ROM drives read data two ( 300 KBps ) to fifty - two ( 7800 KBps ) times faster than the first models .
At the time this was written , home and business - class PCs could easily be found with hard disk capabilities of 13GB , 20GB , and even greater .
At these sites , you can register for a user name and a password and choose from dozens of different communities to join .
At this point , the CPU is ready to begin the execution cycle .
At this point , the user can issue commands to the computer .
At what point do we become too dependent on the Internet ?
At what point does Internet use interfere with normal routines ?
At what point is an employee abusing the freedom afforded by telecommuting ?
ATM addresses the needs of different kinds of communication by providing different kinds of connections and band - width on demand .
ATM is a protocol designed by the telecommunications industry as a more efficient way to send voice , video , and computer data over a single network .
Attaching a computer to an analog telephone line requires a modem , so it is important to know something about how modems work and what to look for when you buy one .
Attributes of paint programs have been incorporated into draw programs , and vice versa , producing some software packages that can be used to handle almost any task involving graphics .
Autodesk makes CAD , 3 - D , animation , and other products used in architecture , engineering , and movie and game design .
Automotive mechanics and technicians use computer systems to measure vehicle performance , diagnose mechanical problems , and determine maintenance or repair strategies .
Available in four variations ( Professional , Server , Advanced Server , and Data - Center ) , Microsoft Windows 2000 is the latest release of - and a radical departure from - Windows NT .
Average access times for hard drives can vary , but most good drives work at rates of 6 to 12 milliseconds , many times faster than diskette drives .
AVI - format files do not provide the resolution or speed available from MPEG , QuickTime , and other audio - video formats .
AVI is seldom used in high - quality multimedia products but is commonly found on Web sites and low - end products where video is not as important .
Backing up is the process of creating a duplicate set of programs and data files for safekeeping .
Backing up using high - capacity floppy disks or disk cartridges is usually expensive , and even though these media store more data than standard diskettes can , you still need more than one to back up a hard drive larger than 2 GB .
Backing up your data simply means making a copy of it , separate from the original version on your computer 's hard disk .
Backup software can help you copy large groups of files from your hard disk to another storage medium , such as tape or a CD - R disk .
Bandwidth is becoming less of an issue for two reasons .
Bandwidth is expressed in cycles per second ( hertz ) or in bits per second .
Bar code readers , such as those used in grocery stores , can read bar codes , translate them into numbers , and input the numbers into a computer system .
Basically , today 's computer systems fall into one of the following categories .
Basically , you can pick from two categories of desktop monitors : CRTs and flat - panel displays .
BCD codes consisted of 6 - bit codes , which allowed a maximum of sixty - four possible symbols .
BCD computers could work only with uppercase letters and with very few other symbols ; thus , this system was short - lived .
Be careful about the information you choose as reliable .
Be careful not to delete this cookie , or your portal 's setting will be lost .
Be prepared to explain your position .
Be prepared to share your file system with the rest of the class and to discuss the logic behind it .
Be prepared to tell your classmates about the device and explain why you selected it .
Be prepared to tell your classmates about the device and to explain why you selected it .
Be sure to include your name on the report .
Be sure to include your utilities , Internet tools , and others .
Be sure to keep your disks or tapes in a safe place .
Because a computer 's voice is digital - consisting of on / off pulses representing 1s and 0s - the device called a modem ( short for modulator - demodulator ) is needed to translate these digital signals into analog signals that can travel over standard telephone lines .
Because a multimedia product can use so many types of media , designers use a wide variety of tools to create individual components , ranging from text editors to video editors .
Because a multimedia program can offer so much in the way of content and can be developed in so many different ways , its creators must understand the audience ; in other words , who will use the product ?
Because a standard hard disk is built into a system hard unit ( and is called an internal device ) , you cannot see it .
Because a tape is a long strip of magnetic material , the tape drive has to write data to it serially - 1 byte after another .
Because a transmission must often traverse several miles from the head end to the end user , amplifiers are used to restore the signal strength .
Because all computer data is stored as numbers , much of the processing that takes place involves comparing numbers or carrying out mathematical operations .
Because all the applications come from the same source , there is a single point of contact for technical support and product upgrades .
Because ASCII , an 8 - bit code , specifies characters up to only 127 , there are many variations that specify different character sets for codes 128 through 25 .
Because authors of digital content are not bound by the physical constraints of pages , they can also provide buttons that allow you to jump to locations outside the normal , linear sequence .
Because AVI files require no special hardware or software , they can be played on any Windows computer .
Because bitmap images are a grid of dots , they can be difficult to resize accurately while retaining their clarity .
Because both operations ( rotating the diskette and moving the heads from the center to the outside edge ) take place simultaneously , the maximum time to position the heads over a given location on the diskette - known as the maximum access time - remains the greater of the two times , or 0.2 second .
Because copper is a better conductor of electricity , copper - based transistors run faster than aluminum transistors .
Because database files can grow extremely large ( many gigabytes - millions of records - on large systems ) , recalling data quickly is not a trivial matter .
Because diskettes provide limited storage capacity , they are most often used to back up small groups of data files rather than programs or the entire hard disk .
Because DOS did not dictate how an application 's interface must look or function , developers created a wide variety of program - specific interfaces .
Because DTP software was designed for the publisher , it offers sophisticated controls for formatting documents and coordinating multiple documents in a publication .
Because each DBMS application has its own special features , however , developers have a tendency to create dialects of SQL that do not quite meet the standard for a universal database querying language .
Because each wire can transfer 1 bit of data at a time , an 8 - wire bus can move 8 bits at a time , which is a full byte .
Because enterprise systems are usually large - scale , it is tempting to think of them as mainframe tools and not a major concern for PC users .
Because files are not usually a size that is an even multiple of 512 bytes , some sectors contain unused space after the end of the file .
Because handwriting recognition is so complex , pen based computers are not generally used to enter large amounts of text , although they are frequently used for note - taking and creating short messages .
Because hard disks are actually a stack of platters , the term cylinder is used to refer to the same track across all the disk sides , as shown in Figure 1.1 .
Because hard disks usually have capacities much greater than diskettes , backing up or restoring a system with diskettes can be a long and tedious process requiring dozens or even hundreds of diskettes .
Because IEEE 1394 - compliant technology is so expensive , however , it is not expected to become the dominant bus technology , although it may gain wide acceptance as a standard for plugging video and other high - data - throughput devices to the system bus .
Because individual users cannot install files at the NC , there is little risk that users will introduce computer viruses into the network by copying files from infected disks .
Because ink jet printers now offer much higher quality for about the same price , they have become more popular than dot matrix printers in homes and small businesses .
Because it also had an appealing story and strong character development , the film attracted children and adults alike .
Because it attempted to force DOS to support multitasking , windows was fairly unstable and became known for crashing and locking up when the system 's resources reached their limits .
Because it can be programmed to open a specific application instantly , this key is sometimes called the Application key .
Because it is difficult to make a computer recognize an unlimited number of typefaces and fonts , ocr software is extremely complex .
Because it is possible for two records to have identical data in some tables ( such as two employees with the same name ) , a counter field ensures that every record will have a completely unique identification .
Because it occupies so little space , the device is built into many different laptop models .
Because it supports transmission speeds up to 10 Mbps , coaxial cable can carry more data than older types of twisted - pair wiring .
Because it was readily available and inexpensive , telephone wire gained early favor as a conduit for data communications .
Because LCD monitors are flat , they do not pose this problem .
Because light travels at a much higher speed than electrical signals , fiber - optic cable can easily carry data at more than a billion bits per second .
Because many hard disks allocate sectors in this manner , their sectors - per - track specification is often given as an average .
Because MIDI commands tell a device what to do rather than actually describing a sound , it is possible for MIDI instruments and their controllers to communicate back and forth .
Because most field types have fixed lengths that restrict the number of characters in an entry , memo fields ( also called description fields ) provide fields for entering notes or comments of any length .
Because most users 'systems are connected to a company network anyway , users can take advantage of the network server 's speed and storage capacity and can often access the Internet through the company 's network connection .
Because multimedia includes different kinds of content , creating it involves many types of software .
Because NCs have no floppy disk drive or CD - ROM drive , it is impossible for users to install programs or copy data files directly to or from a network computer .
Because nearly all databases are designed and built using accepted terms and structures , it should be possible to generate a single language that can , in theory , query any database .
Because nearly all new PCs include a CD - ROM drive and other multimedia components , the user base for disk - based products is huge and growing .
Because of cable 's enhanced bandwidth , internet data can be transmitted on its own channel , separate from the audio , video , and control signals used for television programming .
Because of improvements in transmission hardware , however , fiber - optic cable transmission speeds have drastically improved and now approach 100 Gbps .
Because of its ability to work with so many kinds of hardware , unix became the backbone of the Internet .
Because of its speed , flexibility , and high throughput rates , the SCSI drive interface standard is usually found in higher - end business systems , servers , and workstations .
Because of its storage capacity and ease of use , CD - ROM is used for games , references , CBTs , and many other types of multimedia products .
Because of the continuing demand for greater storage capacity , hardware manufacturers are always searching for alternative storage media .
Because of the growth of computer technologies , we now live in an information society - where information is considered to be an extremely valuable commodity .
Because of the high precision and data density possible with CD - ROM , a single CD typically can hold about 650 MB of data .
Because of the intensive amount of digital information that goes into building every second of a program , multimedia publishers must always consider the user 's equipment - the hardware on which the content will be displayed .
If computers will play a large part in your career , you need to be familiar ( if not intimate ) with the way computers store data .
If digital telephone lines replace analog telephone lines , how will data communications be simplified ?
If icons like these appear on your operating system 's desktop , you can use them to launch programs or to access different devices on your computer .
If it does not , ask your instructor for help .
If it reports finding an error , ask your instructor for assistance in dealing with the problem .
If messages are sent through an employer 's network , the employer may become involved if the sender is accused of libel .
If no , repeat steps A and B , using a different address .
If not , ask your instructor for assistance .
If not , can you reconnect all its devices correctly ?
If not , click No and ask your instructor for assistance .
If not , correct the other student 's mistakes .
If one part of the network were destroyed , other parts of the network would remain functional because data could continue to flow through the surviving lines .
If possible , spend some time surfing the World Wide Web to display different pages and see how they look .
If printed , the human DNA sequence would fill about 200,000 pages .
If so , what kinds of decisions will we allow them to make for us ?
If so , what types of information can you gather about the system ?
If students must write a report on a region of Africa , they can read about the history and geography and , with the click of the mouse button , can see video clips of the hustle and bustle of a city and hear audio clips of African languages or regional music .
If such a language were developed , a user who knew the language could query any data - base , regardless of who created the database or what software was used in the creation .
If the actual number of sectors per track were taken into account , the calculation would be more difficult and the resulting number of bytes would be somewhat higher .
If the cabling will be run through the ceiling , the price of the material triples .
If the company 's DNS address is widgets . com , then John Smith 's e - mail address might be jsmith @ widgets . com .
If the computer does not have the right type of port for an external device ( or if all the existing ports are in use ) , you can install an expansion board into one of the PC 's empty expansion slots .
If the computer needs to change just 1 byte out of 512 , it must rewrite the entire sector .
If the CPU is the brain of the computer , then the input devices are its eyes and ears .
If the data - known as a token - is not addressed to the node examining it , that node passes it along to the next node in the ring .
If the data is entered with an inconsistent mix of upper - and lowercase letters , the DBMS may not be able to sort the data or locate specific records .
If the data is not there , the CPU reads the data from RAM into its registers , but it also loads a copy of the data into cache memory .
If the file is large or if the page contains many graphics , download time can be annoyingly slow .
If the image is on paper or a slide , a scanner can convert it into a digital file that a computer can manipulate .
If the Include subfolders check box is not selected ( with a check mark ) , click it once .
If the installation goes wrong , you can restore the disk to its previous state .
If the intranet is connected to the Internet , then it is secured by a firewall to prevent unauthorized users from gaining access to it .
If the LAN uses a different kind of local protocol , a gateway converts it to and from TCP / IP .
If the model had been solid rather than wireframe , the rendering would look almost the same .
If the page 's URL begins with https : / / or ends with shtml , then the page is secure .
If the primary hard disk fails , the mirrored drive takes over automatically .
If the pro - gram prompts you to save the file , choose No .
If the product 's name does not make its use clear , ask your instructor for help .
If the product does not perform as expected during testing , it may be returned to an earlier phase in the development cycle for repairs or improvements .
If the program determines that the required files are present and the disk has a valid format , it transfers control to one of the operating system programs that continues the process of starting up .
If the program prompts you to save the worksheet , choose No .
If the referenced cell 's contents change , the change is reflected automatically in the formula that refers to the cell .
If the resolution is too low , you will spend extra time navigating to parts of your applications that do not fit on the screen .
If the search engine finds any Web pages relating to the specified topic , it displays links to them .
If the separate media type ( like a videotape ) was viewed separately from the slides , it distracted the audience and created a potential stumbling block for the presenter .
If the server stores data files for users to access , it is commonly called a file server .
If the slide is being presented on a PC with a sound card and speakers , the audience will be able to hear the audio file as it plays .
If the speaker wanted to add other types of data , they had to be incorporated separately , played on cue , and perfectly timed .
If the spreadsheet knows the payment 's due date , it can calculate late fees based on that date .
If the standard is universally adopted ( hence its name ) , its proponents believe that it will apply to almost any device that can be plugged into a computer , including keyboards , pointing devices , monitors , scanners , digital cameras , game controllers , printers , modems , and more .
If the upgrade is essential , then it is worth doing right , so get help from an experienced user or a computer technician before you start .
If the user 's PC also has a standard modem installed , it can be used for other purposes , such as faxing .
If the user wants more colors or a higher resolution , the amount of data can be much higher .
If the utility encounters a word that has no match in the dictionary , it lets you know .
If there are errors , the computer sending the data retransmits whatever portion is incorrect .
If there is no LAN on site , an isolated computer can connect to the Internet through a serial data communications port and a modem and by using either a shell account and a terminal emulation program or a direct TCP / IP connection with a SLIP or PPP account .
If these dots are not close enough together , the images on the screen will not be crisp .
If they are set up correctly , many multi - user operating systems give users access to files on hard disks and to printers attached to other computers in the network .
If they use the service for more time , they pay by the hour .
If this fact comes as a surprise , consider the number of documents that surround you .
If this table were stored by itself or not associated with any other database tables , it would be a flat - file database .
If two LANs are built around the same communication rules , then they can be connected with one of two devices .
If users have the necessary hardware ( a PC video camera , microphone , and speakers ) and software , they can see and speak to each other as they meet online instead of merely typing messages .
If Windows finds any files , they will appear in the bottom half of the dialog box .
If Windows prompts you to save the file , click No .
If you answer yes to any of these questions , a new OS may be a good idea .
If you are an artist or aspire to be a designer , consider adding computer - based design tools to your list of skills .
If you are caught distributing uninvited messages to multiple recipients ( especially if the messages contain commercial , libelous , or vulgar content ) , your ISP may cancel your account .
If you are concerned that your electronic documents will be lost or altered , back them up and store them on removable media such as a floppy disk .
If you are connected to the Internet , go to the manufacturer 's Web site and find your monitor .
If you are connected to the Internet , your Web browser opens and displays the Radio page of the WindowsMedia . com Web site .
If you are curious about Linux ( or UNIX in general ) or want to install Linux on your system , you can find everything you need on the Internet .
If you are developing a CBT product , on the other hand , the outline may be considerably more complex , with placeholder for text , narration or animation that plays on cue , quizzes , links to other parts of the program or to Web sites , and much more .
If you are interested in a career in data communications , you should learn as much as you can about these technologies .
If you are interested in a career in information systems , an understanding of how a PC processes data is a must .
If you are interested in a hardware support career , knowing how a computer represents data in binary code is a must .
If you are just beginning to experiment with computer graphics , however , you may want to delay installing or purchasing such programs .
If you are left handed , you can configure the right mouse button as the primary button ( done by an operating system command ) .
If you are not sure which setting to use , simply set them in the middle .
If you are presenting slides to a few people , your PC 's monitor might be adequate for an informal slide show .
If you are printing graphics , the output can be a great deal slower .
If you are using a database program , you may need to specify whether these fields should be text , numeric , or other types of fields .
If you are using a Windows 95 , 98 , or 2000 computer , you can defragment a disk by using Windows ' Disk Defragmenter utility .
If you are using a Windows system with a taskbar , the active window 's taskbar button is highlighted - that is , it appears to be pushed in .
If you are willing to pay a little more , you can get a new PC with 128 MB or even 256 MB of RAM .
If you are working in the cell where column B intersects with row 3 , for example , then cell B3 is the active cell .
If you ask several people to name the most important feature in a computer , you will probably get two answers .
If you bought a PC in the early 1980s , a keyboard would probably have been the only input device that came with it .
If you buy a PC today , it will almost certainly feature one of these two drive interfaces .
If you can monitor your home from the office , you can bet that hackers will be trying to break into your home to snoop on you .
If you can save your scanned photos or digital pictures to a common file format ( such as JPEG or TIFF ) , you can edit them , change color settings , make contrast and brightness corrections , and hide flaws .
If you can use a computer and if the computer is connected to the Internet , you are free not only to use the resources posted by others , but to create resources of your own ; that is , you can publish documents on the World Wide Web , exchange email messages , and perform many other tasks .
If you cannot obtain this type of documentation in writing ( not over e - mail or on a Web page ) , then do not use the image .
If you choose a ring or star topology for your network , however , your cabling requirements may increase dramatically .
If you choose to use a screen name , do not hide behind it to misbehave .
If you click an icon and hold down the mouse button , you can drag the mouse to move the icon to another location on the desktop .
If you could do one thing to reduce the practice of unnecessary printing , what would it be ?
If you decide that the same 8 - by 10 - inch piece of artwork must have up to 256 colors in its makeup ( which is considered minimal with today 's technology ) ,then the computer must keep track of the 414,720 pixels multiplied by the 8 bits per pixel that are necessary to identify 256 different colors 
If you decide to keep the program after trying it , register your copy and pay the fee required by the developer , usually just a few dollars .
If you design a complete building in a CAD program , for example , you can use the database to create lists of materials required for construction .
If you do , launch the program ( with your instructor 's help , if necessary ) and create a single slide .
If you do , you need to make sure your monitor 's settings are up to the task or you will not get the most from your computing experiences .
If you do not agree , what types of actions would you support ?
If you do not get the results you need , search on multiple terms , such as law AND reference guide .
If you do not have a joystick , you can use a game pad to control most racing and flying games .
If you do not have Windows 2000 yet , chances are good that you will be using it eventually .
If you do not know how to format a hard disk , look in your current operating system 's help system and follow the directions closely .
If you do not know how to perform a task on your computer , turn to its online help system for answers and assistance .
If you do not use a computer regularly , chances are great that you will soon .
If you do not usually need to look at the monitor from an angle and if you do not typically have several people looking at the monitor at one time , the flat panel 's restricted viewing angle should not be a problem .
If you do not want to set up an account with the seller , you can provide your personal and credit card information each time you make a purchase .
If you drag the corners or sides of the windows , you can make the windows larger or smaller so that you see more or less of their contents .
If you find a browser , click its name in the Programs menu to launch the application .
If you find images of any kind on a Web site or newsgroup , consider them suspect .
If you find one , note where it is located .
If you find yourself in a career that involves the use of computers - specifically , as a tool to get your job done - you will probably be working with only one operating system .
If you get involved in electronic graphics , become acquainted with copyright laws and the protections in place to safeguard the rights of copyright holders .
If you had a CD - RW system , would you consider making illegal duplicates ?
If you had a sheet of paper large enough , you could print this drawing , and it would be the same size as the Earth .
If you have a CD - ROM drive that records compact disks or a portable MP3 player ( such as Diamond Multimedia 's Rio player ) , you can take your recordings with you anywhere .
If you have a driver 's license , then you are literate in driving related terms and you understand the rules of the road .
If you have a handheld calculator or a digital watch , it probably uses a liquid crystal display .
If you have a Macintosh , you may also be able to run some versions of UNIX or Linux ( but not Windows ) .
If you have a television in your home , you know how easy it is to choose from different programs , each providing its own blend of live action , spoken or musical audio , text , graphics , animation , and video .
If you have an account with an ISP or if you are a user on a corporate or school LAN , then you can establish an e - mail address .
If you have an active Internet connection , the information will update automatically .
If you have an application suite ( such as Microsoft Office , Corel WordPerfect Office , or Lotus SmartSuite ) installed , a database application may be installed as part of the suite .
If you have any doubts , check with the manufacturers of your computer and any devices attached to it .
If you have basic computer knowledge along with specific job skills , employers will consider you more trainable in and adaptable to the computerized work environment .
If you have ever attended a seminar or lecture that included slides or overhead transparencies projected on a wall screen - or displayed on a computer screen or video monitor - then you probably have seen the product of a modern presentation program .
If you have ever heard of someone crunching the numbers , that person was probably using a spreadsheet .
If you have ever played a video game in which you control a character 's movements through a 3 - D scene ( as in Doom or Riven ) , you are controlling a walk - through .
If you have ever used a video gaming system , you are familiar with game pads .
If you have four computers , you must have six cables - three coming from each computer to the other computers .
If you have more than one window open , as shown in Figures 1.6 and 1.7 , you can identify the active window in several ways .
If you have more than one window open , you must select the window you want to use before you can access its contents .
If you have never installed a new OS , you may not be prepared for all the pitfalls involved .
If you have not had any experience yet with productivity software , a word processor is an ideal place to start .
If you have not used a computer keyboard or a typewriter , you will learn quickly that you can use a computer much more effectively if you know how to type .
If you have scanned a text document , you might want to use optical character recognition ( OCR ) software to translate the image into text that you can edit .
If you have spent any time surfing the Web , you may agree that graphics elements truly enhance the viewing experience and can make even a simple page look elegant .
If you have studied drafting , you can apply that skill to computer - aided drafting tools and find a career in architecture or engineering as a designer or drafter .
If you have USB - compliant devices such as keyboards , mice , printers , and modems , you can plug them all into a single USB port .
If you hold down the Shift key before typing the letter R , the controller waits until the whole key combination has been entered .
If you leave your browser open for long periods , you can refresh the page and view any updated content that may have changed since you last checked it .
If you lose the hub , however , all nodes connected to that hub are unable to communicate .
If you magnify a bitmap , you can see its individual pixels .
If you make a change to a document and then change your mind , use the Undo command to return the document to its previous state .
If you make changes to data while working on it , the changed data replaces the original data in the file cabinet ( unless you put it in a different place in storage ) .
If you misspell a word , you cannot simply backspace over the faulty text and retype it , as you would in a word processor .
If you move the pointer too quickly , it seems to disappear , an effect known as submarining .
If you multiply all these numbers , you get the number of bits it takes to display digital video .
If you must develop a Web site for the purpose of selling automotive parts , you should decide who would be interested in buying them .
If you need both capabilities , some graphics software allows you to create art that takes advantage of each kind of program .
If you need electronic images for a document of your own , especially if you want to sell the document , look for sources of license - free images ( you do not need to pay a license fee to use them ) or be ready to pay a fee for an image from a legitimate source .
If you need to create a more sophisticated connection between networks , you need a gateway , a computer system that connects two networks and translates information from one to the other .
If you need to create more accurate , easily scalable drawings and want an illustrated look to your work , then you should get a draw program .
If you need to find a specialty reference online , visit your favorite search engine ( such as Yahoo ! , Lycos , Northern Light , etc . ) and look for a Reference link , which should lead to more information about online reference materials .
If you need to stay in touch with many people and travel frequently , personal digital assistants provide several contact - management features .
If you plan to install the OS on your existing hard disk , make a complete backup beforehand .
If you plan to purchase a drive for an existing PC , be sure that the new drive is compatible with the computer 's drive interface .
If you plan to stick the printout in a file cabinet , add it to a stack of papers , or throw it out , you may not need to print it .
If you plan to support , maintain , or build computers , for example , you will rely heavily on your knowledge of storage device specifications .
If you post jokes , sarcasm , or other attempts at humor , do not be surprised if someone is offended .
If you prefer , the browser can do all the HTML formatting for you .
If you present the slides directly from the PC instead of having them printed and placing them on a slide or overhead projector , you can actually embed different media objects , such as audio files , QuickTime movies , or animation in your slides .
If you present your slide show directly from your PC 's disk ( and if the system is connected to a suitable video and audio output device ) , you can present its multimedia elements .
If you purchase a CD - Recordable ( CD - R ) drive , you have the option of creating your own CDs .
If you purchase a new computer system , it will probably come with at least 64 MB of RAM , although 128 MB is rapidly becoming the standard minimum for PCs .
If you purchase an airline ticket over the Web , for example , there is a good chance your transaction is being handled by a mainframe system .
If you right - click many parts of the desktop for Windows 9x , NT , and 2000 operating systems , you will see a small menu containing the most common commands associated with that part .
If you scan a photograph from a magazine , place it in your work , and sell it to someone else , you are infringing on a copyright and can be fined or prosecuted .
If you see a Modems icon , double - click it to open the Modem properties dialog box .
If you suspect a problem , weigh the costs of replacing the hardware against installing a new OS .
If you think this case is being overstated , and that computers are not being used that much , consider this : computers are popping up in places and professions that may seem unlikely .
If you think you will make other purchases from the online vendor , you can set up an account at the Web site .
If you undo a change and then decide you like the change better than the original version , use the Redo command to reverse the previous Undo .
If you use a computer for long periods , this curvature can cause minor distortions in the picture that lead to eyestrain .
If you use a service such as WebTV , you can enjoy broadcast programming and Internet content simultaneously .
If you use either of these operating systems on your computer in addition to Windows 98 , you will not be able to access any FAT32 partitions from these other operating systems .
If you use hardware that complies with Windows ' Plug and Play standard , the operating system can detect a new component automatically , check for existing driver programs that will run the new device , and load necessary files .
If you use it as a business tool , the Internet will probably be as essential to your job as a word processor , spreadsheet , or any other type of computer application .
If you use Microsoft Internet Explorer or Netscape Navigator , a small padlock symbol will appear in the browser 's status bar when a secure Web page is opened .
If you use the television reception features of Windows 98 or Windows 2000 , you may also receive such content in the form of television broadcasts delivered to your desktop .
If you use Windows 95 , click Multimedia .
If you use Windows 98 , click Entertainment .
If you use Windows 98 , you can take a multimedia tour of the operating system to learn about its features .
If you used several programs you had to learn different shortcuts for each one .
If you violate these guidelines and are reported to the ISP , your account may be dropped .
If you want complete control over the appearance of your Web pages and like the challenge of learning a completely new software program , then you can use one of the many Web design programs now available .
If you want to draw a line that is 12.396754 inches long or a circle with a radius of 0.90746 centimeters , a CAD program can fulfill your needs .
If you want to learn a new feature or need help solving a problem , the answers may be on your hard disk or the Internet .
If you want to leave the original data in place , you can use the Copy command , which makes a copy of the data and stores it on the Clipboard but does not remove the original .
If you want to look for more products or options , visit a Web search engine ( such as Yahoo ! at http : / / www . yahoo . com / , Alta Vista at http : / / www . altavista . com / , or The Big Hub at http : / / www . thebighub . com / ) and search on the terms presentation program and slide .
If you want to open a new file in Microsoft Word , for example , you can press Alt - F to open the File menu , then press O to access the Open dialog box .
If you want to play action packed games on your home PC , for example , you will have more fun if you use a joystick or game controller than a standard keyboard or mouse .
If you want to show slides to more than three or four people at a time , consider a different display method .
If you want to swap video or audio cards easily , increase RAM , or perform other configuration tasks , a desktop system will provide many options .
If you want to use a bus topology , a terminator is placed on the first and last PCs , and ten 10 foot cables are run from one computer to the next .
If you want to use an image you did not create solely on your own , and it is not part of a clip art package , you must contact the copyright holder for permission .
If you want to use only the Internet , for example , or if your job involves data entry , then you may not need the processing power , memory , and storage capacity of a fully equipped PC .
If you want to use Windows 2000 , you must have hardware that is Windows 2000 - compatible .
If you were looking for a document named Welcome at this Web site , its URL might be the following .
If you work in one place and need to perform various tasks , a desktop computer is the best choice .
If you write programming code , prepare a client 's taxes , or make hundreds of entries each day in balance sheets , accuracy is critical to your success .
If your career involves the use of a computer , it is wise to become familiar with how a computer processes data .
If your career path leads in the direction of financial planning or management , be sure to master specific skills with spreadsheet analytical tools such as what - if analysis and goal seeking .
If your computer came with Windows 95 or Windows 98 installed , it may have one or more graphics programs such as Windows Paint , Microsoft Image Composer , or some other program installed .
If your computer has a microphone and sound card , record a message and play it back .
If your computer has a newer version of a word processor installed , then it probably has some clip art also installed .
If your computer has a set of speakers , you can use Windows ' volume control to set the volume , mute the speakers , and possibly configure special effects , such as a 3 - D spatializer ( if any such effects are installed ) .
If your computer is connected to the Internet , you can also play games with people around the world .
If your computer is damaged or stolen , your backups will not suffer the same fate .
If your connection is successful , the Telnet window will change to display the opening screen of the Telnet site .
If your formula uses cells that are contiguous , you can refer to all the cells at once as a range ( also called a block ) .
If your graphics needs are simple , start by trying some inexpensive shareware programs .
If your hardware is compatible , make sure you have adequate resources for the new OS .
If your home has multiple computers , what are the advantages of connecting them in a network ?
If your job requires you to draw on the computer or even to drag blocks around the screen then you may rely more on a pointing device than on a keyboard .
If your job requires you to travel but you still need a full featured computer , then consider a laptop or notebook computer .
If your needs are more complex , try the shareware version of a paint program such as LView ( available at www . lview . com / ) or PaintShop Pro ( available at www . jasc . com / ) .
If your original data is lost , you can restore the backup copy , then resume your work with no more than a minor inconvenience .
If your paint program does not provide layering , however , existing portions of the image are replaced by - that is , their pixels are recolored with - any new part that you add to the image .
If your PC display is set to a higher resolution than the television uses , the converter must adjust the number of vertical lines to fit a television .
If your PC does not have a TV - Out plug , you need a PC - to - TV converter - a small box that connects to your PC 's video port and translates the video signal into a television signal .
If your PC has a television tuner card ( a special video card that can accept a broadcast signal through television antennae or cable ) , you can use your PC as a television .
If your PC has speakers attached to it , you can easily check or change the speaker volume .
If your PC includes a CD - ROM drive , a sound card , and speakers , you can play music from any audio compact disk .
If your plans lead to a career in computer hardware design or engineering , an in - depth knowledge of processors and their function is a must .
If your printer produces a test page , click Yes .
If your resolution is set too high , text and icons may be too small to view comfortably and you may strain your eyes .
If your school 's computer lab or library has multimedia products on CD - ROM , check one out and use it .
If your system does not have a Shockwave plug - in installed , ask your instructor for help .
If your word processor has a spell checker , you can enable it to catch spelling mistakes as you type or use it to review an entire document for spelling errors .
If your word processor supports macros , however , you can create a new macro that includes these steps .
If your work involves the use of personal computers , then you will probably find yourself using a word processor and spreadsheet program like those introduced in this book .
Image quality , also known as print resolution , is usually measured in dots per inch ( dpi ) .
Image scanners ( also called scanners ) convert any printed image into electronic form by shining light onto the image and sensing the intensity of the light 's reflection at every point .
Image scanners convert printed images into digitized formats that can be stored and manipulated in computers .
Images are displayed on a computer screen .
Images from a traditional , manually drawn animation .
Imagine having a single device , the size of a book , that can hold the contents of all your text - books .
Imagine slicing a disk the way you cut a pie .
Imagine that you own a small business that sells gourmet coffees .
Impact printers create an image on paper by using a device to strike an inked ribbon , pressing ink from the ribbon onto the paper .
Import filters never work perfectly because the program using the import filter will not have the same exact features as the program that created the file .
Important developments are taking place right now that will affect the storage options you can choose from , the basic technologies on which future storage devices will be based , and the need for storage as it relates to networks and the Internet .
Impractical for most workplace environments , the mesh topology is ideal for connecting routers on the Internet to make sure that data always gets through .
Improved data bus speeds mean faster overall performance .
In INTERACTING WITH YOUR COMPUTER , you learned that your choice of input devices can be affected by your profession or your special computing interests .
In ' Net - speak , a flame is a posting that contains insults or other derogatory content .
In 1981 , ibm called its first microcomputer the IBM - PC .
In 1984 , the introduction of the Apple Macintosh computer and a modest piece of software known as MacPaint ushered in the era of art on the personal computer .
In 1985 , when the notion of the paperless office entered public debate .
In 1989 , intel introduced the i860 , which was a 64 - bit RISC chip that earned the distinction of being the first chip to contain more than 1 million transistors .
In 1990 , a 300 dpi laser printer that printed four pages per minute cost about $ 1000 .
In 1995 , microsoft released Windows 95 , a complete operating system and a successor to DOS for desktop computers .
In 1996 , the Internet Assigned Numbers Authority ( IANA ) and the Internet Society began an organized movement to create an additional set of top - level Internet domain names .
In 1997 , an ActivMedia study estimated that more than $ 24 million in sales were conducted over the World Wide Web .
In 1997 , cyrix introduced the MediaGX processor , a Pentium - compatible microprocessor that integrated audio and graphics functions and operated at speeds of 233 MHz and higher .
In 1997 , ibm developed a method for using copper rather than aluminum for the transistors on microprocessor circuits .
In 1998 , Advanced Micro Devices ( AMD ) emerged as a primary competitor to Intel 's dominance in the IBM - compatible PC market .
In 1998 , intel expanded the Pentium II family by announcing two new processors - Celeron and Xeon - which adapted Pentium II technology for new markets .
In 1999 , apple released the newest member of the PowerPC family - the G4 - and described the processor as having the heart of a supercomputer miniaturized onto a sliver of silicon .
In 1999 , however , cyrix was sold by National Semiconductor , Inc . , who maintained ownership of the MediaGX product line .
In 1999 , intel introduced the Pentium III processor , which features several enhancements and incremental performance gains over the Pentium II .
In a business , a typical relational database would likely contain data tables such as the following .
In a client or server network , nodes and the server share the storage and processing chores .
In a color monitor , each pixel includes three phosphors - red , green , and blue - arranged in a triangle .
In a computer , however , all data is represented by the state of the computer 's electrical switches .
In a computer network , the operating system also mediates between your computer and other devices on the network .
In a database table , what does each column represent ?
In a direct connection , internet programs run on the local computer , which uses the TCP / IP protocols to exchange data with another computer through the Internet .
In a disk drive , access time depends on a combination of two factors : the speed at which a disk spins ( revolutions per minute , or rpm ) , and the time it takes to move the heads from one track to another .
In a file server network , the server provides storage and file - sharing services for the nodes .
In a fly - by , the designer sets up an exterior view of a three - dimensional model , which may be of a human - made structure ( like a building or a stadium ) or a natural one ( such as a canyon or storm ) .
In a game , however , full - motion video , stereo sound , and human characters may be essential .
In a graphical operating system , you can launch a program by choosing its program icon on the desktop .
In a graphics program , you might create a macro that opens a group of image files , sizes them and adjusts their color settings , and prints them out on individual sheets , each identified by its file name .
In a LAN , all components are typically owned by the organization that uses them .
In a manner similar to entering sort conditions , you can enter expressions or criteria .
In a massively parallel processor ( MPP ) system , many processors are used .
In a mesh environment , a cable runs from every computer to every other computer .
In a mirrored system , data is written to two or more disks simultaneously , providing a complete copy of all the information on a drive should one drive fail .
In a monospaced font , each character occupies the same amount of horizontal space ; In a proportional font , characters take up only as much space as they need to be legible .
In a multidimensional presentation , the user has the option of experiencing the information from different perspectives ; for example , one user may prefer to see only an animated demonstration of a landscaping project , while another may prefer to read a text description .
In a multimedia version , however , the encyclopedia 's pictures can move , a narrator 's recorded voice can provide the text , and the user can move around at will by clicking hypertext links and using navigational tools .
In a network version , only one copy of the application is stored on the server , with a minimum number of supporting files copied to each employee 's computer .
In a new document , the program places a blinking insertion point ( also called a cursor ) in the upper left corner of the document window .
In a peer - to - peer network , ( sometimes called a workgroup ) , all nodes on the network have equal relationships to all others , and all have similar types of software that support the sharing of resources .
In a peer - to - peer network , users can share files and resources on all the network 's nodes .
In a personal computer , the processor usually consists of one or more microprocessors ( sometimes called chips ) , which are slivers of silicon or other material etched with many tiny electronic circuits .
In a relational database - a database made up of a set of tables - a common field existing in any two tables creates a relationship between the tables .
In a report , for example , the body text lines may reach all the way to the left and right margins , but quoted material may be indented 1 inch from each margin .
In a simple RAID array like this , data is written to two or more disks at once , resulting in multiple copies .
In a spreadsheet , a value is any number you enter or that results from a computation .
In a spreadsheet , for example , you might create a macro that selects a column of data , applies a specific format , sorts the data , and inserts a function ( like SUM ) at the bottom .
In a spreadsheet program , you actually work in a document called a worksheet ( or sheet , as it is also called ) , and you can collect related worksheets in a workbook .
In a spreadsheet program , you work in a worksheet , worksheets can be collected into groups called workbooks .
In a star network , a device called a hub is placed in the center of the network ; that is , all nodes are connected to the central hub and communicate through it .
In a star topology , a broken connection ( between a node and the hub ) does not affect the rest of the network .
In a traditional mainframe environment , each user works at a computer terminal .
In a typical cable network , a head end serves as the primary point where the television signals enter the system through satellite and standard over - the - air broadcast means .
In a typical word processor interface , you will find a document area , menu bar , toolbars , rulers , scroll bars , and a status bar .
In a URL , type specifies the type of server in which the file is located , address is the address of the server , and path is the location within the files structure of the server .
In a Web page devoted to The Beatles , for example , clicking on a photo of the band might bring up a page containing biographies of the band members .
In a word processor , moving text is as easy as dragging the block to a new location , a technique called drag - and - drop editing .
In a word processor , what makes a block of text ?
In a word processor , you press Enter to start a new paragraph .
In addition , a new home network uses the installed electrical wiring .
In addition , active matrix screens have a wider viewing angle than dual scan screens .
In addition , any program must include a command system to allow the user to control its function .
In addition , laser printers require new toner cartridges after a few thousand pages , and toner cartridges cost from $ 40 to $ 80 for black toner .
In addition , some high - end peer - to - peer networks allow distributed computing , which enables users to draw on the processing power of other computers in the network .
In addition , some packages include sign - up utilities that will work with one or more Internet service providers who offer modem access through local telephone numbers in most major metropolitan areas .
In addition , telephone lines operate at about 3100 Hz , which means that data has to be compressed to travel at more than about 2400 bps .
In addition , the operating system keeps track of different disks or disk drives by assigning names to them .
In addition , the Pentium Pro can achieve faster clock speeds .
In addition , the Windows operating system allocates a group of sectors , called a cluster , to each file stored on a disk .
In addition , there is also a diskette drive , which allows you to use removable diskettes .
In addition , Windows 95 offers a Plug and Play standard for connecting new hardware .
In addition to a document area ( or document window ) , which is where you view the document , a word processor provides several sets of tools .
In addition to being aesthetically pleasing , a good monitor is easier on your eyes , allowing you to work longer and more comfortably .
In addition to being complex and large ( some are almost as big as a billiard table ) , table plotters are notoriously slow ; a large , complicated drawing can take several hours to print .
In addition to containing stored files , a server may also act a gatekeeper for access to programs or data from other computers .
In addition to e - mail , the spread of networking technology is adding to the popularity of teleconferencing and videoconferencing .
In addition to establishing ordered sequences and changing those sequences , the computer can perform two types of operations : arithmetic operations and logical operations .
In addition to fine - tuning in the core operating system , Windows 98 includes a new feature called Windows Update .
In addition to Internet access , online service companies offer a wide variety of other features , such as e - mail , discussion groups , stock quotes , news , and online games .
In addition to Internet access , online services offer other features that typical ISPs do not .
In addition to margins , document formats include the size of the page , its orientation , and headers or footers .
In addition to number formats , spreadsheets offer a choice of fonts and type styles , shadowed borders , and more .
In addition to providing useful information , the title bar has another purpose : you can move the entire window by clicking the title bar and dragging the window to a new location on the desktop .
In addition to registers , the CPU needs to have millions of bytes of randomly accessed space where it can quickly read or write programs and data while they are being used .
In addition to sending text messages , many e - mail systems allow you to attach data files - such as spreadsheet files or word - processed documents to a message .
In addition to SQL , PC - based databases sometimes use a query or programming language called Xbase .
In addition to standard interface components , a spreadsheet also provides a formula bar where you can enter , view , and edit data .
In addition to the cache memory built into the CPU , cache is also added to the motherboard .
In addition to the five groups of keys described earlier , all IBM compatible keyboards feature six special purpose keys , each of which performs a specialized function .
In addition to the font and type size , the appearance of characters can be controlled with type styles ( which are often referred to as attributes or effects ) .
In addition to the messages distributed to mailing lists by e - mail , the Internet also supports a form of public bulletin board called news .
In addition to the quick creation of dynamic and detailed slides , a presentation program can help you make your presentations lively and engaging and thus encourage your audience to pay attention and participate .
In addition to the size of a network and the relationship between the nodes and the server ( if any ) , another distinguishing feature among LANs is the topology the physical or logical layout of the cables and devices that connect the nodes of the network .
In addition to the standard collection of expansion ports , many PCs include specialized ports .
In addition to these uses , software companies can distribute their products on CD - ROM .
In addition to those that come with the operating system , most word processors provide at least a handful of built - in fonts .
In addition to using interrupts , the operating system often provides complete programs for working with special devices , such as printers .
In addition to using many of the same data files , most office workers also use the same programs .
In all these cases , however , your experience will probably be limited to a single operating system , which means you need to learn about only one .
In all versions of Microsoft Windows , OS / 2 , and the Macintosh operating system , windows also have adjustable borders and corners .
In an attempt to make UNIX more user - friendly , developers have created windows - based GUIs for UNIX , such as MOTIF and OpenLook , which are based on a windowing standard called X - Windows .
In an attempt to regain market share , motorola initiated the development of the new PowerPC chip .
In an e - mail system , each user has a unique identifier , typically referred to as an e - mail address .
In an enterprise setting , different users may be provided with different interfaces to the core database , enabling each person to view and work with only the type of information that meets that person 's specific needs .
In an environment where PCs are not networked , a separate copy of each program must be installed on every computer .
In an era of high - speed communications , we want to receive information immediately and in many ways simultaneously .
In an object - oriented database , what can an object represent ?
In another part of the hospital , an administrator can monitor the number of beds in use and determine staffing needs accordingly .
In any graphical operating system , you can simply click in any open window to make it active .
In any Web page , clicking a hyperlinked word or image opens a new Web page in your browser window .
In any Windows application , click the Help menu and choose Contents or Help Topics .
In areas where digital connection is not possible , homes and businesses are connected with standard analog lines , but high - speed digital lines are run between the telephone company 's switching stations .
In basic term , what does a firewall do ?
In bookstores and music stores , touch screens enable customers to locate an item quickly without wandering the aisles or searching through card catalogs .
In both cases , the letter s indicates security measures .
In both diskettes and hard disks , a sector can store up to 512 bytes ( 0.5 KB ) .
In both speed and capacity , they outperform diskettes , a high - density 3.5 - inch diskette can store 1.44 MB of data .
In business , data is extremely valuable , so making sure that employees back up their data is critical .
In business , networks have revolutionized the use of computer technology .
In business , variations of the network computer are thin clients , diskless workstations , Windows terminals , and NetPCs .
In cases where libel , copyright infringement , or other potential crimes are involved , the ISP may also turn the poster over to the authorities .
In Chapter 1 of STORING INFORMATION IN A COMPUTER , you saw that the longest it takes a diskette drive 's read head to access any point is about 0.2 second : the amount of time it takes the disk to complete one revolution at 300 rpm .
In circuit - switched lines , you and the person at the other end of the line have a fixed amount of bandwidth available .
In common usage , the term desktop system means a full - size computer that is small enough to be used at a desk but too big to carry around .
In conjunction with modifier keys and depending on the program you are using , delete may be able to remove multiple characters of text .
In corporate settings , network computers such as the Sun JavaStation , offer several other advantages .
In creating multimedia products , developers must be aware of the capabilities and features of the user 's computer .
In dialog boxes , you can press Tab to move from one option or field to another .
In digital studios , therefore , you can commonly find Windows , Macintosh , and UNIX systems all on the same network , with users switching from one system to another as needed .
In DOS , the prompt usually includes the identification for the active disk drive ( a letter followed by a colon ) , a backslash , and a greater - than symbol , as in C : \ &gt; .
In dual scan LCD , the problem of the refresh rate is lessened by scanning through the pixels twice as often .
In dye sublimation technology , a ribbon containing panels of color is moved across a focused heat source capable of subtle temperature variations .
In early 1999 , amd released the K6 - III as a head - to - head competitor with the Pentium III .
In education , schools have also shifted to strategies built around networked personal computers .
In effect , a software modem replaces most of the hardware in a hardware modem with an application program .
In either case , the term central processing unit ( CPU ) refers to a computer 's processor .
In either type of communication , the receiving computer can respond to the sender and verify that the data it received contained no errors .
In Europe , pri service provides thirty one data channels .
In fact , any piece of text or graphics that you retrieve from the Internet may be covered by trademark or copyright law , making it illegal to reuse it without the owner 's consent .
In fact , atm is a network protocol , and therefore it is similar to Ethernet and Token Ring .
In fact , cad programs are actually database programs ; the information in the database tells the program how to re - create objects on screen and on paper .
In fact , computers with fax modems can use OCR software to convert faxes directly into text that can be edited with a word processor .
In fact , cpu performance is often measured in millions of instructions per second ( MIPS ) .
In fact , dvds look like CDs , and DVD - ROM drives can play ordinary CD - ROM disks .
In fact , every user should understand how a computer stores data .
In fact , few people , including leaders at SRI and PARC , saw the mouse 's value .
In fact , ibm considered using the 68000 in the first IBM PC .
In fact , if you buy a new personal computer today , it will include a keyboard and mouse unless you specify otherwise .
In fact , if you compare a flat panel and CRT monitor with similar viewing areas , resolutions , and other features , the flat panel system can cost three or four times as much as the CRT display .
In fact , if you visit a Web site such as Microsoft ( www . microsoft . com / ) or Macromedia ( www . macromedia . com / ) , you can download programs and data files directly onto your computer through your Web browser .
In fact , if your computer has a CD - ROM drive , a sound card , and speakers , you can play audio CDs on your PC .
In fact , intel invented the microprocessor , the so - called computer on a chip , in 1971 with the 4004 model .
In fact , it has already been done , as shown in Figure 2.1 .
In fact , it has been estimated that 80 to 90 percent of all personal computers have a word processor installed .
In fact , Linux ( LIH - nuhks ) is a new version of UNIX developed by a worldwide cooperative of programmers and is freely distributed by various sources .
In fact , macros have become so popular and powerful that many productivity applications feature built - in programming languages that you can use to create macros .
In fact , many applications rely on huge volumes of data that rarely change .
In fact , many businesses now demand that all documents be created and stored electronically , for various reasons .
In fact , many computer industry experts agree that the current rate of progress should hold true for the next twenty years .
In fact , many computer manufacturers now offer high - capacity floppy disk drives on their systems .
In fact , many local telephone companies are opting to develop DSL in their markets and are foregoing ISDN altogether .
In fact , most of the development tools used to create interfaces for these large - scale applications help the developer create non - technical interfaces that hide the underlying database .
In fact , moviemakers now frequently use PC - based software to create special effects and animation for movies - a domain once held exclusively by the workstation .
In fact , nearly all drafting classes teach computer - based drafting as well as manual drafting skills .
In fact , new types of limited - function handheld devices are not much larger than a credit card .
In fact , purists considered it a compromise because , unlike those 32 - bit operating systems , Windows 95 contains a good deal of 16 - bit code needed to run older DOS and Windows programs .
In fact , putting data permanently into this kind of memory is called burning in the data , and it is usually done at the factory .
In fact , recent generations of standard PC microprocessors incorporate a measure of parallel processing by using pipe - lining techniques to execute more than one instruction at a time .
In fact , recent studies indicate that nearly 14 percent of computer users are addicted to the Internet or to game playing .
In fact , report generators in most DBMSs create reports from queries .
In fact , some professions rely a great deal on specific types of input devices .
In fact , some server - class computers are now being shipped with Linux , rather than UNIX or Windows NT , installed .
In fact , some spreadsheet programs are intelligent enough to understand the types of values you enter .
In fact , the brain of the computer , the CPU , consists of several million tiny electronic switches , called transistors .
In fact , the abbreviation often begins with an x ( xDSL ) because there are various types of DSL service , each providing a different level of service , speed , bandwidth , and distance .
In fact , the access time varies depending on the speed of the drive , the length of the tape , and the position on the tape to which the head wrote the data in the first place .
In fact , the Internet may be one of the most important factors shaping the near future .
In fact , the mouse was not invented at PARC , although PARC 's brilliant researchers can take credit for many other inventions .
In fact , the processing power of PCs often rivals that of current mainframes .
In fact , the read heads fly so close to the surface of the disk that if a human hair , a dust particle , or even a fingerprint were placed on the disk , it would bridge the gap between the head and the disk and cause the head to crash .
In fact , the selection will probably be decided by the cable provider , who most often supplies the cable modem , configures it , and installs it .
In fact , this formality is needed to keep everyone from talking at once - or in the case of interrupt requests to keep the CPU from becoming overwhelmed with a barrage of possibly conflicting processing instructions .
In fact , you can use spreadsheets to create and manage large lists that contain nothing but text .
In fact , you do not even need to know anything about HTML .
In fact , you will encounter 5.25 - inch disks only when using older computer systems .
In fall 1999 , version three of the worldwide Unicode standard was released by the Unicode Consortium , a group of developers , corporations , researchers , and other groups working in conjunction with the ISO .
In Figure 1.1 , you will notice that each of the characters ( or letters ) in the sentence Here are some words . is represented by 1 byte ( 8 bits ) of data .
In Figure 1.15 , the document 's top section is a heading followed by pagewide text .
In Figure 1.3 , for example , the PaintShop Pro icon represents the PaintShop Pro program , which resides on the computer 's disk .
In Figure 2.10 , cell D8 contains the formula = SUM ( B4 : D4 ) ; when it is copied to cell G8 , the program automatically changes the formula to = SUM ( E4 : G4 ) so that it adds the July , August , and September sales in row .
In Figure 2.10 , the second - quarter formulas were copied to create the third - quarter formulas .
In Figure 2.15 , cell B7 is the result of the Payment ( PMT ) formula .
In Figure 2.9 , for example , the second - quarter totals in cells D8 and D9 can be copied to create third - quarter totals without the necessity of reentering the cell references .
In general , a refresh rate of 72 Hz or higher should not cause eyestrain .
In general , the more you know about operating systems , the better .
In general , when you are looking for a color monitor , look for a dot pitch no greater than 0.28 millimeter .
In general terms , a computer is an electronic device used to process data , converting the data into information that is useful to people .
In his vision , a homeowner can open the Web page in a browser and make selections that turn lights on or off , set timers , adjust the home 's temperature , activate security systems , set the VCR to record a program , and perform many other tasks .
In his vision of this problem solving system , engelbart saw the need for a device that would enable the computer user to input data more efficiently than could be done using other standard input devices of the time , such as keyboards , light pens , and joysticks .
In home settings , some network computers do not even include a monitor ; instead , they connect to the user 's television , which serves as the output device .
In it , the multimedia author assembles each element - text , graphics , sound , and video - into separate tracks .
In its demodulation phase , the reverse takes place and analog signals are converted into digital signals .
In its early days ( mid - 1980s ) , the Macintosh 's integration of hardware and operating system , along with its GUI , made it popular among users who did not want to deal with the DOS command - line interface .
In its modulation phase , the modem turns the computer 's digital signals into analog signals .
In large computer systems , such as supercomputers and mainframes , processing tasks may be handled by multiple processing chips .
In later Windows operating systems , what happens when you right - click many parts of the desktop ?
In layered multimedia , multiple types of information may be presented simultaneously .
In LCD monitors , however , the viewing angle shrinks ; as you increase your angle to the screen , the image becomes fuzzy quickly .
In Macintosh computers , the keyboard layout is close to the IBM Enhanced Keyboard , but there are a few differences .
In many cases , however , an ordinary input device may not be appropriate .
In many documents , paragraph spacing is roughly equivalent to one blank line between paragraphs .
In many installations , you will find networks comprising AppleShare networks alongside servers running other network operating systems , such as Windows NT Server .
In many new systems , the keyboard controller handles input from the computer 's mouse and stores settings for both the keyboard and the mouse .
In many older flat panel systems , the user must face the screen nearly straight on to see the image clearly .
In many organizations , is managers have the responsibility of choosing the types of computers that a company uses .
In many programs , for instance , you can press a key combination such as Ctrl - S to save the currently open file to disk .
In many programs and operating systems there is a mark on the screen where the characters you type will be entered .
In many types of applications you may want to move chunks of data from one place to another .
In many Windows based programs , ctrl key combinations provide shortcuts for menu commands .
In March 2000 , the Athlon was the first PC - class CPU to reach an operating speed of 1 GHz .
In microcomputers , the term bus refers to the path between the components of a computer .
In mid - 1999 , an estimated 30 percent of all new Internet servers were running on Linux , and the number was rapidly increasing .
In more sophisticated RAID configurations , data from a single file is spread over multiple disks , and duplicates are also made .
In most cases , entering data is a matter of typing characters at the keyboard .
In most cases , the applications in a suite share a common interface design , so they are easy to learn and use .
In most cases , you do not have to restart the computer to work with those programs , as you did with earlier versions of Windows .
In most database systems , a date value represents the number of days that have elapsed since a specific start date .
In most general businesses , that operating system will probably be a variation of Windows or Windows NT .
In most newsreaders , you can choose to reply to an article by posting another article to the newsgroup or by sending a private e - mail message to the person who wrote the original article .
In most personal computers , many internal devices such as video cards , sound cards , disk controllers , and other devices are housed on their own smaller circuit boards , which attach to the motherboard .
In most shadow masks , these holes are arranged in triangles .
In most word processors you can press Shift along with various cursor movement keys to select text for editing .
In multibutton mice , one button must be designated as the primary button , referred to as the mouse button .
In multidimensional programming , the user can approach information in different ways , such as a text - only description or an animated demonstration .
In network communications , however , the term refers to the wires , cables , and other means by which data travels from its source to its destination .
In networking diagrams , the Internet backbone is open portrayed as a big cloud because the routing details are less important than the fact that the data passes through the Internet between the origin and the destination .
In newer versions of Windows , the user can set the keyboard 's cursor movement keys to control the mouse pointer .
In other cases , the network server also handles some or all of the processing tasks .
In other cases , the user may want only to be entertained .
In other words , a DBMS not only stores information , it provides mechanisms for retrieving that information easily based on whatever criteria you specify .
In other words , a query is a more powerful type of filter that can gather information from multiple tables in a relational database .
In other words , bigger is better , although bigger costs more .
In other words , enterprise software can be big and each interface may look a little different depending on the needs of the particular user , but it is all tied together .
In other words , hardware is any part of the computer you can touch .
In other words , it splits the file by allocating new space for the overflow ; the pointers in the FAT enable the operating system to put the file 's pieces back together again .
In other words , software tells the computer what to do .
In other words , the differences from Windows 95 to Windows 98 are not as significant as the differences from Windows 3.x to Windows 95 .
In other words , the file server is used simply to store files and to forward ( or send ) them to nodes that request them .
In other words , the heads can skip from one spot to another without having to scan through all of the data in between .
In other words , this screen is how the audience would see the slide in a presentation .
In other words , two computers running Windows for Workgroups could be networked together without the need to purchase a separate network operating system like Novell NetWare .
In other words , you must define the table 's fields with a three - step process .
In Part I of this discussion ( in Chapter 2 of STORING INFORMATION IN A COMPUTER ) , you learned that many companies use large storage systems to create data warehouses that can store enormous amounts of data .
In particular , microsoft is developing MS Audio 4.0 , which could improve upon both com - pressed file size and copyright security .
In pipelining , the control unit begins a new machine cycle - that is , it begins executing a new instruction - before the current cycle is completed .
In practical terms , the Pentium runs application programs approximately five times faster than a 486 at the same clock speed .
In practice , however , the term enterprise refers to organizations with large hardware and software applications used by hundreds or thousands of people .
In practice , you can say that even the simplest speech - and - text presentation is a multimedia event because it uses more than one unique medium to deliver a message .
In principle , a network database works like a fixed version of the more flexible relational database .
In reality , developers have had a great deal of trouble perfecting the technology so that it deciphers people 's handwriting with 100 percent reliability .
In reality , the preceding list is short .
In recent years , mechanical plotters have been displaced by thermal , electrostatic , and ink jet plotters , as well as large format dye sub printers .
In recent years , several popular printed encyclopedias have become available on CD - ROM .
In recent years , steps have been taken to make television a two - way experience rather than the one - way experience that has satisfied legions of couch potatoes for years .
In recent years , the price of workstations has dropped dramatically , making their power more accessible to the average graphics user .
In response , the NSF created a new , higher capacity network , called NSFnet , to complement the older and by then overloaded ARPANET .
In response to this user demand , Hayes Microcomputer Products , Inc . , developed the first modem for personal computers , the Smartmodem .
In several members of Microsoft 's Office 2000 suite , for example , a Web toolbar is available .
In simple terms , can Internet use be bad ?
In simple terms , e - commerce means doing business online .
In software that mimics the old format of books , the navigation aid might be a simple palette of left - and right - facing arrow icons to navigate backward or forward one page .
In some cases , editors make the subjects look very different from what they look like in reality , and not always for the better .
In some cases , windows will prompt you to install the needed files from a disk .
In some cases , you can plug the device into an existing socket , or port , on the back of the computer .
In some DBMS , counter fields ( sometimes called autonumber fields ) store a unique numeric value that the DBMS assigns to each record .
In some large , busy installations , the cost of the network itself - particularly of providing adequate bandwidth for many users - can exceed the costs of purchasing many copies of the software .
In some networks , and with certain types of programs , the user 's computer handles all the processing tasks required by the application , even though the application 's core files are stored on the network .
In some powerful computers , the processor consists of many chips and the circuit boards on which they are mounted .
In some programs , the Pause key can be used to stop a command in progress .
In some programs , this requirement includes attending training classes or seminars , while others offer tests to anyone who wants to take them .
In some situations , a user does not need all the power and features provided by a personal computer .
In spite of all the capacity and speed advantages , hard disks have one major drawback .
In spite of its power and features , OS / 2 never fully recovered from its rocky start .
In spreadsheets , text is referred to as a label because it is usually used to identify a value or series of values ( as in a row or column heading ) or to describe the contents of a specific cell ( such as a total ) .
In standard telephone service , a telephone converts the sound of your voice into an electric signal that flows through the telephone wires .
In storage devices , the average access time is the time it takes a write head to move to a spot on the storage medium .
In such case ( in December 1999 ) , a Florida teenager posted a threatening chat - room message to a Colorado student .
In such cases , creative alternatives have to be considered .
In such cases , the additional cabling requirements may well be worth the time and expense .
In such cases , the network 's real advantage is that it allows the applications to be managed centrally ( at the server ) instead of on many individual computers .
In such professions , a good keyboard and accurate typing skills are musts .
In terms of storing data , what important advantage does a magnetic disk have over memory ?
In the Select the drive ( s ) you want to check for errors list , click 3 Floppy .
In the 1980s , as programmers began packing more features into PC software , they also developed ways for users to issue an ever increasing number of commands .
In the 1980s , nearly all PCs ran the DOS operating system , and Macintosh computers used the Mac OS .
In the 1980s , when utilities for PCs first appeared , some of the most popular were those that helped the user back up files , detect computer viruses , and retrieve files that had been deleted .
In the average microcomputer , the entire CPU is a single unit , called a microprocessor .
In the book PROCESSING DATA , you will learn how the binary numbering system enables a computer to represent data .
In the business world UNIX remains a popular operating system , especially among organizations that manage large databases shared by hundreds or thousands of users .
In the CAD program 's database , the measurements of each line are identical to their actual measurements in real life .
In the case of a CBT , however , the user may want to go directly to the essential information .
In the case of a tutorial , spoken narration , text - based instructions , and animated graphics may be the key .
In the case of an interactive game , the user may expect to encounter plot twists or to be challenged repeatedly before reaching a final goal .
In the case of Federal Express 's database , for example , imagine the problems that could result if multiple packages were assigned the same tracking number .
In the case of large commercial applications ( such as facilities management or sales support software ) , the perceived size , complexity , function , and appearance of the software may make the software look completely different from the more common word processor style of productivity applications , but there is still a database at the heart of each operation .
In the case of most current operating systems , the user interface looks like a collection of objects on a colored background .
In the classroom , visual presentations that include animation , video , and sound motivate students to become active participants in the learning process .
In the computer world , however , the medium is called compact disk , read - only memory ( CD - ROM ) .
In the days of manual presentations , a slide show typically contained two elements : the slides themselves and the speaker 's voice .
In the document window , a blinking insertion point shows you where characters will be placed as you type .
In the early 1980s , most graphics programs were limited to drawing simple geometric outlines , usually in one color .
In the early 1990s , a consortium of hardware and software companies began developing the Multimedia Personal Computer ( MPC ) standard , which specifies the minimum hardware requirements for personal computers to be fully multimedia - capable .
In the early days of 3 - D design , the designer would create the raw three - dimensional models in a CAD program and then export the files into a special rendering and animation program to add lighting , shading , surface features , and more .
In the early years of computing , dot matrix printers were the most commonly used printing devices .
In the editing , you can cut bits of sound , copy them , and amplify the parts you want to hear more loudly ; cut out static ; and create many exotic audio effects .
In the example shown in Figure 1.13 , an animated narrator leads the user through the course , one topic at a time .
In the Exploring window 's left pane , click the system 's hard disk icon labeled ( C : ) .
In the following formula , the SUM function 's argument is a range : @ SUM ( D9 ..D5 ) .
In the Format dialog box , choose a capacity for the disk .
In the help system 's window , use a Search or Index tool to look for the term clip art .
In the home , multimedia is typically used for the following purposes .
In the home , school , workplace , and elsewhere , multimedia programs are an integral part of the way we teach and learn , communicate , run businesses , and entertain ourselves .
In the late 1980s , Microsoft 's Windows brought many of the same capabilities to IBM PCs and compatibles , greatly expanding that market for graphics software .
In the latter case , other programs may use import filters to use these proprietary file formats .
In the Look in box , select the icon for your hard disk ; then check the Include subfolders check box .
In the mid - 1980s , microsoft accepted the popularity of the Macintosh computer and users 'desire for a GUI .
In the mid - 1990s , the concept of network computers became popular among some PC manufacturers , who pronounced the NC as the future of computing .
In the mid 1980s , another federal agency , the National Science Foundation ( NSF ) , joined the project after the Defense Department dropped its funding .
In the mid 1980s , as businesses and schools began connecting their computers in greater numbers , people began to see the advantages of sharing information over networks .
In the mortgage loan example , you can create a best - case scenario that assumes you will find a house for $ 100,000 and an interest rate of 7.5 % .
In the most common text - code set , ASCII , each character consists of 1 byte of data .
In the Named text box , type . txt , this tells Windows to search for all files with the file - name extension txt .
In the next sections , you will see three ways in which the operating system serves as the go - between to keep hardware running smoothly .
In the Open dialog box , click the Files of Type drop - down arrow and choose All Files .
In the professional setting , hand - or typewritten documents are a thing of the past .
In the recent re - release of the Star Wars movie , for example , special effects artists at LucasFilms used these techniques to add familiar characters to previously unused scenes , enhancing the movies ' plot and extending its length .
In the slide 's lower right corner , a small icon indicates that a sound file has been embedded as an audio object .
In the software world , leading database companies such as Informix and Oracle have announced that their corporate database products will be tailored to run under Linux .
In the strictest sense , data consists of the raw numbers that computers organize to produce information .
In the summer of 1999 , a graduate student at the University of Massachusetts announced that he had created a complete computer system not much larger than a match head - and for less than a dollar .
In the summer of 1999 , a large bank fired several workers for using the company network to download pornography from the Web .
In the Unicode text - code set , each character consists of 2 bytes of data .
In the United States , pri provides twenty - four channels at 64 Kbps each , a total bandwidth of 1.544 Mbps .
In the Windows Help window , click the Index tab , then click in the Type in the keyword to find text box .
In the word processor , select the spreadsheet 's data and see what changes you can make to it .
In the workplace , companies commonly use multimedia programs to train employees .
In the world of computer design , you are limited only by your imagination and willingness to learn , as you can work in 2 - D , 3 - D , animation , programming , and many other segments of the field .
In the world of computer graphics , artists and designers use many different hardware and software tools .
In theory , today 's CPUs have address buses that are wide enough to address 64 GB of RAM .
In these cases , the DBMS is often a commercial software product sold by the same companies that offer popular spreadsheets and word processing software .
In these cases , the network server may be called an application server because it handles some application processing as well as storage .
In these cases , there was no reason to use the term table because the table and the database were one and the same .
In these cases , you can delete or edit text without affecting the rest of the image .
In these settings , almost every employee has a personal computer connected to the network , as shown in Figure 1. .
In these situations , firewalls can ensure that only authorized users can access the network over the Internet .
In these systems , still in the theoretical stages , basic computer components are created from special chemical compounds rather than silicon and metal .
In this case , a peer - to - peer LAN is similar to a file server network .
In this case , the person on the local network can share files with anyone on the large information network simply by attaching data files to e - mail messages .
In this case , the pieces are stored in noncontiguous sectors .
In this case , the sales manager includes a range of dates during which the orders would ship .
In this case , the user wanted to copy the formula from cell E8 to E9 to avoid retyping it and then edit it based on the previous year 's experience .
In this case , you know the maximum monthly payment you can afford is $ 1200 , so you want cell B7 to be your starting point .
In this case , you use an absolute cell reference , which is usually written using the dollar sign ( $ ) .
In this collection of compressed files , some files have shrunk by more than 80 percent .
In this context , a medium is simply a way of conveying information .
In this exercise , check the repeat settings but do not change any settings without your instructor 's permission .
In this exercise , you will learn how to check monitor settings , but do not change them without your instructor 's permission .
In this exercise , you will run your disk - checking utility on a floppy disk , using settings your instructor provides .
In this Help window , notice that some words are highlighted , indicating that they are hyperlinks .
In this instance a network computer ( NC ) becomes useful .
In this kind of simulation , you could be riding alongside King Arthur or battling aliens .
In this kind of simulation , you could walk through a building that has not been built yet .
In this lesson , you will learn about both of these devices in detail and find out how they work together to display text and graphics .
In this mode , a single 80386 chip could achieve the processing power of sixteen separate 8086 chips , each running a separate copy of the operating system .
In this scenario , the system stores parity information , which can be used to reconstruct data if a disk drive fails .
In this section , you will see how these two components , as well as a few others - such as the cache memory , clock speed , and data bus - affect a computer 's speed .
In this system , information is written to two or more disks simultaneously to improve speed and reliability , and to ensure that data is available to users at all times .
In this type of application , the mainframe system may be referred to as an enterprise server or an electronic commerce server .
In those tests , all the other devices were outdone by a simple wooden gadget - the mouse - that Engelbart had created with fellow scientist Bill English .
In today 's computers , chips are usually grouped together on small circuit boards called single in - line memory modules ( SIMMs ) or dual in - line memory modules ( DIMMs ) , both of which are shown in Figure 1.1 .
In today 's publishing and design industries , it is not uncommon for an artist to create a graphic on a Windows - based PC , take the resulting file to a Macintosh computer to manipulate the graphic further , and then bring the file back to the PC for finishing touches or placement into a document .
In today 's schools , multimedia computers are an integral part of many classrooms and bring a new level of interactivity to learning .
In total , home users worldwide spent more than 1 billion hours each week using their computers , and more than haft that time was spent online .
In version three , the Unicode standard includes a total of 57,709 16 - bit code values .
In videoconferencing , the audio and video signals are transmitted across the network 's ( or Internet 's ) connections between the participants ' computers .
In what areas of our lives do you think we will see more sophisticated graphics ?
In Windows 95 and 98 , this utility is called ScanDisk .
In Windows 95 , 98 , and 2000 , you can also click an open program 's taskbar button to activate its window .
In Windows 95 , 98 , and 2000 , you can also launch a program by choosing its name from the Start menu .
In Windows based programs , alt key combinations enable you to navigate menus and dialog boxes without using a mouse .
In word processing , the word paragraph has a slightly different meaning than it does traditionally .
In your own words , briefly answer the following questions .
In your own words , briefly answer the following questions .
In your own words , briefly answer the following questions .
In your own words , briefly answer the following questions .
In your own words , briefly answer the following questions .
In your own words , briefly answer the following questions .
In your view , are such radical actions necessary ?
In your view , was the company too harsh in its punishment ?
In your word processor 's document area , type a few lines of text , allowing the lines to wrap when they reach the right edge of the screen .
In your worksheet 's document area , type numbers in cells A1 through A .
Inactive windows appear to be in the background .
Increasingly , however , telephone lines are being used to send digital data .
Indents determine how close each line of a paragraph comes to the margins .
Individual computers connect to local and regional networks , which are connected together through the Internet backbone .
Individuals , private organizations , and small companies actually publish the vast majority of materials on the Internet .
Individuals and small businesses access the Internet most commonly by setting up an account with an Internet service provider and using a telephone line and modem .
Indoor wiring for telephones uses twisted pair wire , so this type of wire is often called telephone wire .
Information , action , or a story line that compels the user to interact with the program .
Information , lessons , games , and shopping are more appealing and hold our attention longer if we can approach and arrange them in different ways , even on a whim .
Information that used to be distributed only in printed catalogs may now be available in an interactive electronic catalog , mailed to customers in CD - ROM format , or presented on a company 's Web site , as shown in Figure 1.1 .
Initially , some users scoffed at this simple tool , but it quickly became apparent that the mouse is convenient for certain types of input .
Initially , the network included four primary host computers .
Initially developed by Bell Labs in the 1970s , unix was geared toward uses in telecommunications systems .
Ink jet printers , for example , use tiny nozzles to spray droplets of ink onto the page .
Ink jet printers are inexpensive for both color and black printing , have low operating costs , and offer quality and speed comparable to low end laser printers .
Ink jet printers are now being combined with other technologies to create complete , all in one office machines .
Ink jet printers cost as little as $ 100 .
Ink jet printers create an image directly on the paper by spraying ink through tiny nozzles .
Innovations in operating systems , software applications , and hardware are making computers increasingly accessible to people with disabilities .
Input devices accept data and instructions from the user or from another computer system ( such as a computer on the Internet ) .
Input devices that support the SerialKey standard can provide alternative access to the features of a keyboard or mouse .
Insert a diskette into your computer 's floppy disk drive .
Insert a diskette into your diskette drive .
Insert may be used to switch a program from insert mode ( where text is inserted into the document at the cursor ) to overtype mode ( where new text is typed over existing text ) , and vice versa .
Inside each network node , a network interface card provides a connection point for the network cable .
Inside the computer , a chip called a universal asynchronous receiver - transmitter ( UART ) converts parallel data from the bus into serial data that flows through a serial cable .
Inspect the mouse settings of your system .
Installation can be expensive , but the cost of service is slowly coming down to compete with the basic rates offered for analog lines .
Installing an expansion board means opening your computer - a daunting task for most users .
Instant messenger applications are gaining popularity because they give users more control over their chatting environment than traditional IRC channels , which are open to anyone who wants to join .
Instead , it combined a 386 processor , a math coprocessor , and a cache memory controller on a single chip .
Instead , most work with a front - end program , such as a contact management , order - entry , or accounts payable ( or receivable ) system , that acts as an intermediary between the user and the actual database .
Instead , notebooks use flat panel monitors that are less than 1 inch thick .
Instead , the camera 's ever - changing perspective creates the sense of motion through the scene .
Instead , the operating system checks the FAT for free areas and then places pointers in it that link together the nonadjacent parts of the file .
Instead , they are owned by the creator or publisher of the artwork .
Instead , you can use Windows NT , OS / 2 , Linux , and some versions of UNIX ( but not the Mac OS ) .
Instead , you decide to check out some of the online backup services that can back up your data over the Internet .
Instead , you must select the word ( or a portion of it ) , delete the selected portion , and replace it .
Instead , you will use an adapter that simply reformats the data so that it can travel through the telephone lines .
Instead of clicking icons , you type a series of memorized commands .
Instead of creating , printing , and sorting through dozens of 35 millimeter photographic slides , more and more people are using software to create colorful slide shows and animated presentations .
Instead of drawing a flat , two - dimensional character , many computer artists create complete three - dimensional characters that can be bent , twisted , and viewed from any angle .
Instead of forcing the user to plug multiple cards into the computer 's expansion slots , a single SCSI adapter extends the bus outside the computer by way of a cable .
Instead of forcing you to type or issue commands from the keyboard , the mouse and mouse based operating systems let you choose commands from easy to use menus and dialog boxes .
Instead of installing the programs from dozens of diskettes , the user must insert only one or two CDs .
Instead of marketing UNIX as a commercial product , Bell Labs distributed the source code and allowed users to modify it .
Instead of plugging into the regular chip slot on the motherboard , the Pentium II plugs into a special slot called Slot One , which requires a motherboard design different from that used with previous Intel processors .
Instead of relying on outside accountants , marketers , designers , and other consultants , many SOHO workers can do many nontraditional chores - as well as their normal work - by using sophisticated software packages .
Instead of remembering obscure command names , users can figure out ( sometimes pretty easily ) where commands and options are located .
Instead of spending several hundred dollars for a draw package , try a low - cost program such as CorelXARA ( available from online vendors such as www . i - us - com / or www . corel . com / ) , Visio , or an older version of CorelDRAW .
Instead of taking film to a developing lab , you can copy the images to a PC and print them out .
Instead of using only a lens to capture light , most digital cameras use a charge - coupled device ( CCD ) to convert light into a digital image .
Instruction sets for RISC processors are kept smaller than those used in CISC chips .
Intel 's AnyPoint network is a good example of this type of technology .
Intel 's AnyPoint product is one of the leaders in this new technology field .
Intel 's first 64 - bit processor , code - named Merced , has been in the news since 1997 , when it was first announced as a joint development project by Intel and Hewlett - Packard .
Intel 's first microprocessors were fairly simple by today 's standards but provided a level of computing power never before seen in a single processing chip .
Intel 's next version of the Pentium III , code - named Coppermine , is expected to be paired with a 133 MHz bus and increased cache memory , and should provide initial clock speeds of 500 MHz .
Intel and AMD have already proved that faster bus technologies lead to faster overall performance because they enable the processor to move data from point to point in less time .
Intel coined the phrase dynamic execution to describe the chip 's capability of executing program instructions most efficiently , but not necessarily in the order in which they were written .
Intel has introduced two variations on the Pentium II processor .
Intel released the Pentium II processor in the summer of 1997 .
Intelligent terminals , however , do not usually provide any storage .
Interactive media programs are effective ( and successful ) because they provide this give - and - take with the user .
Interactive media with feedback loop .
Interactive multimedia programs bring concepts to life and help students integrate critical - thinking and problem - solving skills .
Interactive textbooks on compact disk or Web sites can offer multimedia content to enhance the learning process .
Interactive Web pages permit readers to consult databases , order products and information , and submit payment with a credit card or other account number .
Interactivity has been defined in many ways , but in the realm of multimedia the term means that the user and program respond to one another ; the program continually provides the user with a range of choices , which the user selects to direct the flow of the program .
Interactivity involves more than just a computer and a mouse .
Interconnections ( known as gateways ) between NSFnet and the private backbones allowed a user on any one of them to exchange data with all the others .
Interface features of Microsoft PowerPoint 2000 , a popular presentation program .
INTERNET - RELATED FEATURES IN APPLICATION PROGRAMS .
Internet activity can be defined as computers communicating with one another using the common language of TCP / IP .
Internet application suites are available from many suppliers ; they combine a full set of applications and drivers in a single package .
Internet Relay Chat ( IRC ) , or just chat , is a popular way for Internet users to communicate in real - time with other users .
Internet tools and services are commonly added to popular application programs such as word processors and spreadsheets .
Internet users can easily find games ( including multiplayer games involving thousands of participants ) , music videos , radio and television broadcasts , reference materials , and distance learning resources .
Intranets and extranets are internal networks based on TCP / IP and support the use of Web browsers .
Intranets and extranets are popular for several reasons .
Introduced in 1978 , the modem connected a computer to a standard telephone line and allowed the transmission of data .
Introduced in 1989 , the 80486 did not feature any radically new processor technology .
Introduced in 1995 , the Pentium Pro reflected still more design breakthroughs .
Invoice a customer 's new car lease , adjust the dealership 's inventory , and update the service department 's mailing list merely by entering the data for a single sales transaction .
IRC become popular in the news during the 1991 Persian Gulf War .
IRC is a multi - user system where people join channels to talk publicly or privately .
IRC is often referred to as the CB radio of the Internet because it enables a few or many people to join a discussion .
IRIS printers are used by print shops to produce high resolution presentation graphics and color proofs that resemble full color offset printed images .
Is any multimedia software installed on your system ?
Is it an IBM compatible or a Macintosh computer ?
Is it connected to a network or a printer ?
IS managers are responsible for managing a team of information professionals , including network administrators , software developers , project managers , and other staff .
IS managers should possess experience and skills in a wide range of networking and computing areas , including network operating system experience , operating system experience , relational database knowledge , and staff management abilities .
IS personnel must also understand the different types of data bus architecture .
Is the company obligated to keep the workers with no computer skills and train them to use the equipment ?
Is the network being installed in an existing building , or is it being added to a building under construction ?
Is the OS used in your workplace or school , or do you need to be OS - compliant with a workgroup ?
Is the user following navigational paths that lead quickly to the desired information , or is the user sometimes lost in the maze ?
Is the user struggling to read a font size too small for descriptive text ?
Is your system set to the highest possible color setting ?
ISA became the de facto industry standard on its release in the mid - 1980s and is still used in many computers to attach slower devices ( such as modems and input devices ) to the CPU .
ISDN , which stands for integrated services digital network , is a system that replaces all analog services with digital services .
ISDN DSL ( IDSL ) uses existing ISDN facilities .
ISDN is a digital telephone service that combines voice , data , and control signaling through a single circuit .
ISDN service operates on standard telephone lines but requires a special modem and phone service , which add to the cost of service .
ISPs offer several kinds of Internet service , including inexpensive shell accounts ; direct TCP / IP connections using SLIP or PPP accounts ; and full - time , high - speed access through dedicated data circuits .
Issue the Copy command in your spreadsheet program .
Issues for Business Users and Telecommuters .
It 's not too unrealistic to assume that in the next decade most homes will have a high - speed connection to the Internet and receive services like video - on - demand , interactive television , and other new services through a common connection .
It accepts input from the user , processes data , and produces output in the form of graphics and sound .
It allows even higher data transfer rates than are possible with EIDE .
It allows the printers to be configured remotely and to send status messages .
It also contains and manages the video memory and does the processing required to display images on the monitor .
It also contributes to pollution .
It also includes the user interface and instructions that enable the computer to find other commands and operating system elements on disk when needed .
It became the operating system for the huge market of IBM - compatibles .
It becomes selected : the letters change from black to white , and the background behind the word changes color .
It can be argued that computer technology has made Americans less patient than they were a decade ago .
It can be argued that some computer systems are complete without a person 's involvement , however , no computer is totally autonomous .
It can be extremely difficult to modify a film - based photograph , using traditional processing methods .
It can store enough data and instructions to host a complete Web server which connects directly to the Internet .
It can take about second to rotate the disk from a dead stop .
It connects to the computer using a serial cable connected through a serial port and to the telephone system with a standard telephone jack .
It consists of a circuit board , usually referred to simply as a card ( the terms video card and video controller have the same meaning ) , which is attached to the computer 's motherboard .
It contains the video dedicated memory and other circuitry necessary to send information to the monitor for display on the screen .
It creates an image by spraying tiny droplets of ink onto the paper .
It does not , however , require any specific type of network .
It does not matter if the system at the other end of a connection is a supercomputer , a pocket - size personal communications device , or anything between ; as long as it recognizes TCP / IP protocols , it can send and receive data through the Internet .
It does not matter whether the information comes from a CD - ROM and is being displayed on a monitor , or whether it comes through a cable box and is being displayed by the television .
It does not specify what has occurred , just that something has .
It does not take much to create a basic multimedia event .
It explains why Web sites now feature graphics , animation , and sound in addition to text and hyperlinks .
It features a command - line interface .
It has 101 keys arranged in five groups , as shown in Figure 1.1 .
It has been updated continually since its conception .
It has given us a new place to shop , study , work , and socialize .
It holds instructions that run the computer when the power is first turned on .
It includes support for SMP with up to four processors , enhanced balancing of network and component loads , and support for more RAM .
It includes support for symmetric multiprocessing ( SMP ) with up to two processors .
It includes the Advanced Server features , plus support for SMP with up to thirty - two processors .
It includes the hard disk , the motor that spins the platters , and a set of read or write heads .
It is a fact of business computing that multiple employees often need access to the same data at the same time .
It is a huge , cooperative community with no central ownership .
It is a new type of product called the electronic book or e - book , and it is designed to give you the feeling you are reading a real book instead of looking at a computer screen .
It is a powerful 32 - bit OS that supports multitasking , multiple users , networking , and almost any application .
It is also a great feature for many online and interactive games .
It is also common to do the opposite - create on a Macintosh , move the work to a Windows - based PC for enhancement , and then return to the Macintosh .
It is also possible for the users to have slightly different software interfaces for performing different tasks , but all joined to one central data source , as shown in Figure 2.2 .
It is also sometimes called read or write memory .
It is also the time to establish a navigation method for the user .
It is always easier to work within a building under construction than to have to drill through walls and run cable in an existing building .
It is an excellent protocol for networking small offices or homes , but it does not expand well into larger environments .
It is another family of microcomputers , made by Apple Computer .
It is best simply to remember that the data in ROM does not change while the data in RAM changes constantly .
It is called a filter because it tells the DBMS to display those records that satisfy the condition while hiding - or filtering out - those that do not .
It is commonly available on CD - ROM or diskettes , or via commercial online services .
It is difficult to detect the difference between text printed at 600 dpi and at 1200 dpi ; the higher resolution is most noticeable in graphics reproduction such as photographs and artwork .
It is easy to find information about Linux .
It is faster and more expensive than DRAM ( dynamic RAM ) , the type of memory chip used as RAM for the CPU .
It is important , however , that the added media do more than merely mimic the static text and graphics content .
It is important that the measurement be an average because access times can vary greatly depending on the distance between the heads ' original location and their destination .
It is increasingly common to find copyrighted images being used on Web sites , distributed in newsgroups and chat rooms , and in other places .
It is less expensive to purchase software for network computers because software must be installed only on the server rather than on each individual NC .
It is like a printer because it produces images on paper , but the plotter is typically used to print large format images , such as construction or engineering drawings created in a CAD system .
It is likely that high - speed access itself will be based on a flat - rate monthly fee , much like unlimited dial - up Internet access today .
It is no longer necessary to log on to an IRC chat channel to participate in a chat room discussion , nor do you have to join an online service like AOL or Prodigy to take advantage of their chat rooms .
It is not always necessary to use an FTP client to download files from an FTP site .
It is not an optional fact about an employee .
It is not important to understand the details or operation of these technologies .
It is often helpful to connect different LANs together .
It is one thing to read text on a printed page , but quite another to see a document take shape before your eyes - and still another to watch moving , seemingly three dimensional images on a large , colorful screen while surrounded by stereophonic sounds .
It is optimized for use as a large - application server , such as a database server .
It is possible for two users with identical software to access the same data source and perform the same tasks , even if they are on opposite sides of town - or opposite sides of the world .
It is possible to buy a good - quality ink jet printer for personal use for $ 100 or even less ; low - end laser printers can be found for $ 250 or less .
It is safe to say that computers will be faster in the future .
It is the responsibility of the operating system to keep track of all these files so that it can copy any one of them into RAM at a moment 's notice .
It is vital that the program be tested by the people who will be using it .
It lets people send messages , exchange files , and sometimes even work on the same document at the same time .
It loads only the most essential parts into memory .
It looks for unclaimed files ( files or pieces of files that do not belong to a specific program ) , problems on the surface of a disk , and more .
It may look like a string of alphabetic characters to you , but to a computer it looks like the string of ones and zeros shown in Figure 1. .
It may seem odd that media such as animation , sound , and video would play a role in business , but there is an unstoppable trend toward enlisting these media in many business activities .
It often seems as though computers must understand us because we understand the information they produce .
It provides preemptive multitasking , which makes efficient use of the computer 's resources , especially when meeting the demands of many users or applications .
It provides the functionality of a mouse but takes less space on the desktop .
It provides the same functionality as a mouse .
It retains the formatting that was applied to it in the original application , but its relationship with the original file is destroyed ; that is , it is simply part of the new file .
It seems that we must work with more numerical data and financial information each day .
It sends output to the printer when the user needs a paper copy also called a hard copy .
It should also enable you to restore backed - up data and programs with little effort .
It should come as no surprise that the majority of modern video games are filled with computer - generated imagery , animation , backgrounds , and special effects .
It should come as no surprise that the majority of modern video games are filled with computer - generated imagery , animation , backgrounds , and special effects .
It should display the available settings .
It shows you how individuals and businesses can connect to the Internet .
It stated that full - featured multimedia computers at that time should have at least 8 MB of RAM , a 540 MB hard drive , a 75 MHz Pentium processor , a 4x CD - ROM drive , and support for MPEG - format files . ( MPEG is discussed later in this book . ) .
It supports multitasking and can run older DOS and Windows 3.x programs .
It systematically aims at every pixel on the screen , starting at the top left corner and scanning to the right edge .
It takes time for grocery cashiers to input product codes and prices manually , so optical scanning devices are often used to speed the process and reduce the risk of input errors .
It then passes the key 's scan code to the CPU .
It then searches the database for the information requested by the second user , using some of the same entries .
It used to be common for mainframe computers to occupy entire rooms or even an entire floor of a high - rise building .
It was originally conceived as a way to reconcile the needs for these different kinds of data on the telephone system , but the proponents of ATM argue that it can also be implemented on computer LANs and WANs .
It would be boring indeed to watch a video of someone reading a passage of text that appears on the screen .
It would just be a box of metal and plastic .
Its contents will open in the window 's right pane .
Its DNS address is mindlink . bc . ca .
Its existence has already changed the way many people work , communicate , and do business .
Its parts are located in nonadjacent sectors .
Its purpose may vary with the operating system and application in use .
Its successors , the 604 and 604e , are high - power chips designed for high - end desktop systems .
Its toughest early competitor was an operating system called CP / M ( Control Program for Microprocessors ) .
Jaz disks are available in 1 GB and 2 GB capacities .
Jobs in the IS management field differ according to the needs of the company , but many IS managers maintain project lists , oversee project management , perform database administration , and possibly do some programming .
Joystick enable the user to fly or drive through a game , directing a vehicle or character .
Joysticks have been around for a long time and can be used with applications other than games .
JPG images are always 24 - bit images that can display millions of colors .
Jumping to a slide out of sequence meant quickly finding the right slide , pulling it , displaying it , and getting the presentation back on track .
Just about as many people ( especially experienced users ) believe that storage is the most important feature in a PC .
Just as a theater 's marquee can combine thousands of lights to spell the name of the current show , a computer turns meaningless data into useful information , such as spreadsheets , graphs , and reports .
Just as a transistor can represent binary data as on or off , the orientation of a magnetic field can be used to represent data .
Just as a video monitor requires a controller to act as an interface between the CPU and the display screen , storage devices also need a controller to act as an intermediary between the drive and the CPU .
Just as computers can accept sound as input , they can use stereo speakers or headphones as output devices to produce sound .
Just as forms can be based on queries , so can reports .
Just as the electron gun in a monitor can target any pixel , the laser in a laser printer can aim at any point on a drum , creating an electrical charge .
Just as the Internet has changed the way multimedia content is delivered , it has also changed the way books , periodicals , and other printed media are delivered and viewed by consumers .
Keeping data transmissions from colliding requires some extra circuitry and software .
Kept in a safe place , the electronic copy will not change and will always be accessible .
Kerning can be especially important in headlines .
Keyboard shortcuts involve using a modifier key ( such as Ctrl on the PC or Command on the Macintosh ) along with one or more alphanumeric keys .
Keyboarding is secondary for some professionals .
Keyboards for personal computers come in many styles .
Know the customer is the first rule of product development and is key to any product 's long - term success .
Known for years as a maker of budget processors , amd burst into prominence with its K6 line of chips , which quickly became popular among major computer makers for both desktop and notebook PCs .
Kodak created the PhotoCD ( PCD ) format as a standard way of recording photographic images and storing them on a compact disk .
Labels help you make sense of a worksheet 's contents .
LANs can be connected by a bridge or router to create a much larger network that covers a larger geographic area .
Laptop computers enable you to work almost anywhere .
Laptop systems offer nearly as much RAM and storage capacity as desktop models .
Laptops can be equipped with cellular telephone equipment and a modem so that business - people can stay in touch with the office network when they travel .
Large - format CRT and gas plasma monitors can display your slides at the proper resolution and large enough for a sizable audience to view comfortably .
Large and medium - size companies are taking new approaches to storing and managing their huge collections of data .
Large companies and government agencies use enormous databases containing millions of lines of information about people , products , and more .
Large mainframe systems can handle the input and output requirements of several thousand terminals .
Large screens make multimedia programs easier to see , and stereo - style speakers optimize sound quality .
Large software companies sponsor news - groups on the Internet .
Large studios now exist at companies such as Sega , Nintendo , and other interactive game designers where artists and animators use the latest technology to create the most realistic , action - packed gaming experiences .
Large studios now exist at companies such as Sega , Nintendo , and other interactive game designers where artists and animators use the latest technology to create the most realistic , action - packed gaming experiences .
Larger and faster cache systems consume more power and memory management , and increase the cost of the processor .
Larger capacity hard disk drives may use twelve platters , but both sides of every platter are not always used .
Laser printers are also popular in homes and businesses , even though they are more expensive to buy and operate than either ink jet or dot matrix devices .
Laser printers are available in both color and black and white , and the highest end laser printers provide resolutions of 1200 dpi and greater .
Laser printers are more expensive than ink jet printers , their print quality is higher , and most are faster .
Laser printers are nonimpact printers .
Laser printers produce higher quality print and are fast and convenient to use , but they are also more expensive than ink jet printers .
Laser printers start at about $ 300 , and the price increases dramatically if you want speed , high resolution , or color .
Laser printers work like photocopiers , using heat to bond microscopic particles of dry toner to specific parts of the page .
Lastly , Windows NT turns in better performance figures than Windows 3.x .
Later , when your access your account again by typing a user ID and password , the sites uses information in the cookie to access your account .
Launch Notepad by clicking the Start button , pointing to Programs , and pointing to Accessories ; then click Notepad .
Launch the Notepad text editing program and test your typing skills by clicking the Start button , pointing to Programs , clicking Accessories , then clicking Notepad .
Launch Windows Paint and draw a picture .
Launch your word processor ; then open its online help system .
Launch your word processor and your spreadsheet .
Layers permit CAD users to organize complex drawings .
LCD monitors do not emit radiation .
Leading hardware vendors - including Intel , IBM , Compaq , and others - have announced their support of Linux .
Learn what kind of hard disk controllers are installed in your computer .
Less commonly used style attributes include strike - through , superscript , subscript , small caps , and others .
LEXIS ( c ) is a legal database that researchers can use to find specific laws and court opinions .
Like a bridge , a router looks at each packet 's header to determine where the packet should go and then determines a route for the packet to take and thus reach its destination .
Like a template in a word processor , a presentation template is a predesigned document that already has finished fonts , a layout , and a background .
Like a track on a magnetic disk , the track of an optical disk is split into sectors .
Like a tree 's trunk or an animal 's spine , a network backbone is the central structure that connects other elements of the network .
Like a warehouse , a database is a repository for collections of related data or facts .
Like a word processing program , a spreadsheet lets you work in a main document area ( also called a document window ) , which displays your data and various tools .
Like a word processor , modern spreadsheets provide a document area , which is where you view the document .
Like any business , a home can be a good target for standard networks using twisted - pair cable and hubs .
Like any document with more than one part , a good presentation should be outlined ( organized so information flows logically ) .
Like desktop ink jet printers , an ink jet plotter uses a spray system to create either simple line drawings or detailed artistic renderings .
Like diskettes , hard disks generally store 512 bytes of data in a sector , but because of their higher tolerances , hard disks can have more sectors per track - fifty - four , sixty - three , or even more sectors per track are not uncommon .
Like diskettes , hard disks store data in tracks divided into sectors .
Like electronic cash , electronic wallets are not yet widely accepted by e - commerce Web sites , but their popularity is growing .
Like human eyes reading the letters on a page , the electron beam follows each line of pixels across the screen until it reaches the bottom of the screen .
Like mainframes , midrange computers are used more and more as Web servers , handling thousands of transactions per day .
Like mainframes , minicomputers can handle much more input and output than personal computers can .
Like mice , trackballs come in different models , as shown in Figure 1.11 .
Like mice , trackpads usually are separate from the keyboard in desktop computers and attach to the computer through a cord .
Like minicomputers , workstations are often used as network and Internet servers .
Like most modern wristwatches , the clock is driven by a quartz crystal .
Like most types of impact printers , dot matrix printers can use tractor feed paper ( also called continuous feed paper ) .
Like most types of light projectors , lcd projectors require the room to be darkened .
Like other keys , the function of Insert depends on the program and may be affected by using the modifier keys .
Like other Macintosh systems , the iMac uses processors made by Motorola .
Like plugging one extension cord into another to lengthen a circuit , you can plug one SCSI device into another to form a chain .
Like SQL , xbase is somewhat English - like , but it is more complicated because its commands cover the full range of database activities , not just queries .
Like televisions , monitors are measured diagonally , in inches , across the front of the screen .
Like the cars that take us to work each day , we rely on computers more with each passing year .
Like the color setting , your system 's screen resolution can affect the quality of your computing experience .
Like the hierarchical structure , the network database is used in older ( primarily mainframe ) systems and is best suited for embedded applications where the demands on the database are fixed .
Like the Pentium II , the Pentium III uses a cartridge - and - slot configuration , but the Pentium III uses a newer Slot 2 system .
Like the Pentium II Xeon , the newer Xeon provides even faster performance than the ordinary Pentium III by offering larger cache ( up to 2 MB ) .
Like the Pentium Pro , the Pentium II supports MMX technology and dynamic execution .
Like the testing of any software product , it is helpful for the program 's author ( s ) to watch users navigate through the product .
Like the USB and IEEE 1394 standards , scsi enables you to plug multiple devices into a single port .
Like the USB standard , the IEEE 1394 ( or FireWire ) standard extends the computer 's bus to many peripheral devices through a single port .
Like today 's telephone system in the United States , you will pay a flat monthly fee to make all the local calls you want , but when you need extra services ( such as long distance ) , you pay for it .
Like UNIX , linux is a full 32 - bit , multitasking operating system that supports multiple users and multiple processors .
Like word processors , spreadsheet programs are extremely accommodating when you want to make changes .
Like word processors and other types of applications , presentation programs let you save your slides in HTML format for use as Web pages .
Likewise , live - action films using computer animation and graphics to enhance or create objects or environments on the screen , such as the dream sequences in The Matrix , would have limited appeal if the story were flat .
Likewise , the engineer 's bill of materials is drawn out of a list of parts used in a project , and the bill of materials itself represents another list to be stored .
Line printers do not offer high resolutions but are incredibly fast ; the fastest can print 3000 lines of text per minute .
Lines can be single - spaced or double - spaced or set to any spacing you want .
Linked fields in relational database tables .
Linked tables in a hierarchical database .
Linus Torvalds was a student at the University of Helsinki in 1991 when he decided to create a new and different UNIX clone .
Linux has also attracted a large user base among Internet service providers , who are increasingly using it as a low - cost server platform .
Linux has garnered a large share of the small business and home market for providing Internet and networking services .
Linux is a version of UNIX and is available free or at a low cost from various sources .
List all the major PC operating systems .
List all the standard file formats for bitmap and vector images .
List and describe the benefits that networks provide .
List and differentiate the various versions of Windows .
List as much information as you can about the computer .
List five types of graphics software and their uses .
List five types of high quality printing devices commonly used in business .
List five units of measure for computer memory and storage .
List four characteristics you should consider when comparing monitors .
List four specific types of application software .
List the applications and their location in your menu system .
List the basic steps involved in developing a multimedia product .
List the five most common types of computer systems .
List the five steps a computer follows when accepting input from a keyboard .
List the four criteria you should consider when evaluating printers .
List the four key components of a computer system .
List the four parts of a computer system .
List the graphics programs installed on your system .
List the primary types of magnetic storage .
List the primary types of optical storage .
List the three major distinctions between storage and memory .
List the three most commonly used types of printers .
List the two most commonly used types of computer monitors .
List three essential hardware components for a multimedia - capable PC .
List three examples of query languages .
List three steps needed to create a database .
List three tasks that a DBMS enables users to do .
List three technologies people can use to gain high - speed access to the Internet .
List three technologies that support full - motion video in multimedia products .
List three types of data - analysis tools commonly found in spreadsheets and describe their use .
List three ways that slides can be presented from a presentation program .
List three ways the operating system manages the computer 's hardware .
List two advances that made the Macintosh OS popular .
Listed below are the three most common uses of diskettes .
Listserv systems allow users on the list to post their own messages , so the result is an ongoing discussion .
Loads programs ( such as word processing and spreadsheet programs ) into the computer 's memory so that you can use them .
Local bus technology was developed to attach faster devices to the CPU .
Locis . loc . gov - to learn about the Library of Congress .
Logical fields ( also called Boolean fields ) store one of only two possible values .
Logical operations include comparisons , such as determining whether one number is equal to , greater than , or less than another number .
Long documents generally include headers , footers , or both .
Look at a screen full of text and examine how crisp the letters are , especially near the corners of the screen .
Look at the status bar at the bottom of the window .
Look for an FAQ before using chat rooms , listservs , message boards , newsgroups , and other Internet services , especially moderated ones .
Look for cache speeds to increase , as well .
Look for information on hardware requirements , compatibility , and installation procedures .
Look for notices about fees , registration , and proof of product ownership .
Look for optical disks that have tremendous storage capacities because of crystal technology and holographic imaging that store multiple layers of information .
Look for other developments in and around the processor , all of which may lead to even faster PCs in the future .
Look for programs like Windows Media Player , QuickTime Player , RealPlayer , and others .
Looking forward , the survey predicted that e - commerce sales will total $ 1.5 trillion by the year 2004 .
Lotus ' SmartSuite features the SmartCenter , which lets you jump from applications directly to Web sites , download files , and more .
Lotus Notes , Microsoft Exchange , and Novell Groupwise are perhaps the best - known examples of groupware .
Low - end minicomputers and high - end workstations are now similar in features and capabilities .
Low cost and shareware CAD and 3 - D modeling programs are available .
Low cost commercial versions of speech recognition software are now available and promise to be a real benefit to users who cannot type or have difficulty using a keyboard .
Low quality recycled paper , for example , is fine for printing draft quality documents and costs less than a penny per sheet .
Macintosh - and Windows - based computers have become much more powerful , however , greatly shrinking the gap between workstations and personal computers .
Macintosh computers also use Shift and Ctrl keys , and they function in much the same manner as their IBM - compatible counterparts .
Macintosh computers eventually included fifteen function keys .
Macintosh computers have never used 5.25 - inch disks .
Macintosh processors use a different architecture than IBM - compatible PC processors .
Macintosh systems also offer two additional modifier keys .
Macro - media 's Flash and Shockwave plug - ins , for example , have become popular methods for viewing animation in Web pages .
Macromedia Corp . created a stir in 1997 with the release of its Shockwave plug - in .
Macromedia Director is a powerful program for creating sophisticated presentations .
Macromedia Director is one of the most popular programs for combining all the elements of a multimedia presentation .
Macromedia makes the Shockwave and Flash plug - ins and tools for creating content that use them .
Macros can be as simple or as complex as necessary , and you can create macros for nearly any task .
Macros enable you to issue an entire set of commands in just a few keystrokes .
Magazines , for example , contain many different documents , with some laid out in different styles .
Magazines commonly retouch photographs before printing them , especially on covers .
Magnetic storage devices use a similar principle to store data .
Magnetic storage devices work by polarizing tiny pieces of iron on the magnetic medium .
Magnetic tape systems offer slow data access , but because of their large capacities and low cost , they are a popular backup medium .
Mail . com is only one source of free e - mail on the World Wide Web .
Mainframe computers , which generally have many terminals or PCs connected to them , handle massive amounts of input , output , and storage .
Mainframe computers are commonly used in corporations and government agencies , but they are also used as e - commerce servers , handling transactions over the Internet .
Mainframe computers are used in large organizations like insurance companies and banks where many people need frequent access to the same data , which is usually organized into one or more huge databases .
Mainframe database developers created the Structured English Query Language ( SEQUEL ) in the mid 1970s to solve this dilemma .
Mainframe systems start at around $ 30,000 ; extensive mainframes can cost several million dollars .
Mainframes are being used more and more as specialized servers on the World Wide Web , enabling companies to offer secure transactions with customers over the Internet .
Mainframes are known for their robustness and ability to handle tremendous loads without failing .
Mainframes are still popular because they can handle the input and output needs of many users at once , so they are still the right choice for the massive databases that many people need to use at the same time .
Make a chart of these connections .
Make sure that your converter can handle the resolution you want to use .
Make sure the Display summary when finished option is checked .
Make sure the disk 's write - protect tab is closed .
Make sure the refresh rate is adequate for the resolution you will be using .
Make Sure You Have the Right Software .
Make sure your converter can accept the frequency that your video card uses .
Make sure your PC has enough power , memory , and storage , not just for the OS , but for your applications and data .
Make the slide about yourself , as if you were going to use it to introduce yourself to a group of people during a presentation .
Making quick conclusions based on this data is difficult .
Manage Your Schedule on a Daily or Hourly Basis .
Managers use slides to present information to employees , such as lists of benefits and responsibilities explained during new - hire orientation .
Manages the way information is stored on and retrieved from disks .
Manipulating pixels can become complex ; For example , an 8 - by 10 - inch black - and - white image - if displayed at a typical screen resolution of 72 pixels per inch ( ppi ) - is a mosaic of 414,720 pixels , as shown in Figure 1.7 .
Manufacturers have developed a variety of storage technologies .
Manufacturers such as Hewlett - Packard , Canon , and others are now offering combination printers , copiers , fax machines , and scanners based on ink jet technology .
Many applications now provide Web Templates , which are predesigned Web pages .
Many are small and easy to use and include software and cables or infrared connections for the transfer process .
Many audio playback programs let you create favorites lists and log your CDs to identify artists and tracks .
Many businesses and most individual users obtain access through an Internet service provider ( ISP ) , which supplies the backbone connection .
Many businesses set up firewalls to control access to their networks by persons using the Internet .
Many cable companies now use a portion of their network 's bandwidth to offer Internet access through existing cable television connections .
Many CAD programs also work with solid models , which work by giving the user a representation of a block of solid material .
Many cameras provide LCD screens so you can review a picture right after taking it .
Many career are associates with the Internet , including network administrators , information system professionals , and data communications managers .
Many careers in the publishing and design industries , however , involve Apple computers and the Macintosh operating system .
Many color monitors can be set to work in monochrome or grayscale mode .
Many commercial applications support macros , and some even feature an array of built - in , predefined macros that you can use right away or customize to suit your own work style .
Many companies offer suites of Internet access tools .
Many companies that have invested in Microsoft Windows 3.11 , Windows 95 , and Windows 98 use Windows NT Server as their NOS .
Many companies use custom CBT products to keep sales representatives up - to - date about constantly changing products , services , and price structures - information that is essential to successful sales and account management .
Many computer experts regarded it as a toy , a gimmick with no real value .
Many computer games still provide support for a mouse or keyboard , so you do not have to buy a dedicated game controller .
Many computer users are adding high - capacity floppy disk drives to their systems .
Many computer users are overcoming these problems by using a combination of keyboard shortcuts and a pointing device .
Many computer users now think that a computer system is not complete unless it is equipped with a printer , a microphone , and speakers .
Many content now feature audio and video content , including full - motion animation and movies .
Many corporate data warehouses are based on large - scale enterprise DBMS software packages .
Many desktop applications provide tools that embed graphics , create hotlinks , and add other special features to your HTML documents .
Many devices use the SCSI interface .
Many did not see much of a future for computers in general , except for use by the military and some large businesses .
Many different data compression schemes have been introduced over the years , and the newest modems are compatible with all of them .
Many different DBMS programs are available .
Many different kinds of digital services are offered by the phone companies .
Many digitizing tablets also provide lists of commands that the user can select with the puck instead of using a menu on the computer 's screen .
Many disk - based encyclopedias , for example , are filled with links to Web pages , allowing the user to shift easily from one source to the other .
Many documents , such as business letters , require margins of a standard width .
Many early database applications and some current low - end applications could access and manipulate only one table at a time .
Many enterprises are now connecting personal computers and personal computer networks to their mainframe systems .
Many experienced computer users believe that Apple Computer , Inc . created the mouse .
Many experienced multimedia designers create storyboards simply by using a word processor or drawing program .
Many experts considered Windows 98 to be an update to Windows 95 rather than a major Windows operating system upgrade .
Many experts predict that the lowly floppy disk will disappear in the next two or three years as high - capacity floppy disks become the standard for portable storage .
Many film developing stores now have PhotoCD drives that can store your photos and put them on a CD .
Many FTP client programs provide Archie search tools , and some Web sites enable you to conduct Archie searches your Web browser .
Many FTP client programs provide Archie search tools , and some Web sites enable you to conduct Archie searches your Web browser .
Many graphical operating systems provide the features shown here .
Many graphics pirates take up this practice because they do not understand copyright laws or the possible consequences of their actions .
Many graphics software makers have Web sites where you can get information about their products , including prices , features , reviews , and more .
Many have no intention of ever buying one .
Many help desk operators must walk users through the process of installing or configuring storage devices .
Many impact printers can also be sheet fed ; that is , they can accept single sheets of paper that lie stacked in a paper tray .
Many inexpensive programs provide a wide array of drawing tools , including brushes , chalk , pencils , airbrushes , and more .
Many ink jet printers use one cartridge for color printing and a separate black only cartridge for black and white printing .
Many instructions carried out by the control unit involve simply moving data from one place to another - from memory to storage , from memory to the printer , and so forth .
Many interactive multimedia products are based on Web technologies , including HTML , Java , and others .
Many Internet users assume incorrectly that all the data available on the Internet is free and available for use by anyone else .
Many ISPs and local telephone companies that also offer Internet access services support ISDN connections .
Many kinds of help are available through specialized input devices , output devices , and software .
Many large companies and organizations rely heavily on a commercial or custom DBMS to handle immense data resources .
Many large companies have adopted network computers for their users because they have a lower total cost of ownership ( TCO ) than standard personal computers .
Many large grocery and retail chains interconnect their stores with a mainframe , which immediately registers every sale , overseas stock , and manages inventory levels .
Many large Web sites , such as CNN , About . com , Snap , and others , offer Web communities that are basically chat rooms .
Many mail servers use the post office protocol and are called pop servers .
Many modern electric typewriters can be connected to a PC and used as a letter quality printer .
Many movies , television programs , and commercials rely heavily on computer - generated special effects .
Many multimedia games are available on CD - ROM and online , and you can thus play them on your PC instead of using a dedicated video game system and a television .
Many networks are built around a central computer called a network server , which provides a storage device and other resources that users can share .
Many networks are built around a central server .
Many networks carry voice , audio , and video traffic , enabling videoconferencing and types of collaboration that were not possible just a few years ago .
Many networks include not only nodes but also a central computer with a large hard disk used for shared storage .
Many new computer systems include a printer , making it an irresistible option .
Many new computers also feature a third built - in magnetic storage device - a drive that uses high - capacity floppy disks .
Many new computers can hold as much as 1 GB of RAM .
Many new PCs also feature a drive for removable , high - capacity floppy disks .
Many new programs also provide HTML templates .
Many newer application programs provide built - in libraries of clip art .
Many newer handheld systems also provide a built - in microphone , so you can record notes digitally .
Many newer model multimedia PCs include DVD drives rather than CD - ROM drives .
Many newer operating systems feature built - in backup utilities , but feature - rich backup software is available from other sources .
Many newer paint programs enable you to layer a new part of an image over existing parts , leaving the older parts intact if you move or erase the new part .
Many newer PCs , as well as minicomputers and high - end workstations , have 64 - bit registers .
Many notebook computers provide a joystick like pointing device built into the keyboard .
Many observers believe that by including so many features ( such as disk defragmenters , file manage - ment tools , and Internet applications ) in its operating systems , microsoft has taken market share away from other companies that might develop and sell such tools to Windows users .
Many of the most colorful , high - resolution images on Web pages are JPEG - format graphics .
Many of the most widely distributed newsgroups are part of a system called Usenet , but others are targeted to a particular region or to users connected to a specific network or institution , such as a university or a large corporation .
Many of these businesses use a direct connection to the Internet to provide Internet access to their users .
Many of these images are now created with a special type of graphics software , called 3 - D modeling software , which enables users to create electronic models of three - dimensional objects without using CAD software .
Many of these technologies also allow two - way interaction .
Many of today 's popular productivity applications feature tools that enable you to convert existing documents into HTML - format files .
Many organizations hire system analysts to review and update the operation of their enterprise applications .
Many organizations publish information on the Web , whereas others have employees who pass information to the Internet from the company network or download material from the Internet .
Many other users connect to the Internet through a school or business LAN .
Many PC projectors provide the same resolutions and color levels as high quality monitors , but they project the image on a large screen .
Many PC video cameras attach to the top of the PC screen , enabling the user to capture images of himself while working at the computer .
Many PCs sold today have 512 KB or 1024 KB of motherboard cache memory ; higher - end systems can have as much as 2 MB of L2 cache .
Many PDAs can be connected to larger computers to exchange data .
Many people believe a fast processor and lots of RAM are essential to a satisfying PC experience .
Many people believe that operating systems are simply becoming too powerful .
Many people feared that it was not safe to provide personal or credit card information over the Internet .
Many people now use recordable compact disks to back up data because of their high storage capacities .
Many people overuse their PC 's printer , and the number of unnecessary printouts is growing every year .
Many people see this capability as a source of limitless benefits , but others view it as a threat .
Many popular applications now feature an e - mail command that enables you to export the current document as the body of an e - mail message or as an attachment to a message .
Many popular H / PC systems , like the HP Jornada , provide a wide variety of software packages and communications capabilities packed into a tiny shell .
Many portables have built - in CD - ROM drives ; others accept plug - in CD - ROM and hard drives , which can greatly increase their capacity .
Many portal sites allow you to view information from specific sources , such as CNN , Time , Slate , the Weather Channel , and others .
Many powerful midrange systems ( such as the Compaq AlphaServer 1200 ) , mainframes ( like the IBM 3090 ) , and supercomputers ( including the Cray X MP 4 and others ) support multiple processors .
Many products can help families invest online , manage portfolios , and evaluate investments at any time .
Many professionals who must enter numerical data prefer to add a separate ten key keypad to their system .
Many programmers use various development tools and languages to assist in these efforts .
Many programs require trainees to demonstrate a certain level of understanding or expertise in the targeted technology before being accepted into the program .
Many programs use the keyboard 's function keys ( F1 , F2 , and others ) as shortcut keys .
Many questions are asked again and again , so it is always a good idea to read the articles that other people have posted before you jumped in with your own questions .
Many snapshot printers use dye sublimation technology .
Many software companies have a Support or Help link on their Web home page .
Many software makers provide several remote online help resources that you can access over the Internet .
Many software publishers , including IBM , Microsoft , Netscape , and others , encourage their developers to use Unicode in their programs .
Many sound cards are MIDI - compliant and feature a special MIDI port .
Many specific versions of UNIX exist , including A / UX for the Mac , aix for IBM high - end workstations , solaris for Sun Microsystems workstations , openvms for Alpha workstations , SCO UNIX , XENIX , and others .
Many storage device options are available .
Many such sites accept different forms of payment online and provide a secure environment for transactions .
Many tables also include a special first column that describes the contents of each row .
Many telephone companies also offer services between the levels of BRI and PRI .
Many times two or more networks that use different topologies , network operating systems , and protocols must be combined into one large network .
Many types of specialized database - specific software have been developed for the UNIX platform and are deeply entrenched in industries such as insurance , medicine , banking , and manufacturing .
Many variations have been made on the standard keyboard , primarily for the sake of comfort and the reduction of repetitive stress injuries .
Many Web masters measure their sites 'success by the number of hits they receive in a given timeframe .
Many Web sites , including The Microsoft Network , offer free personal Web pages and design services .
Many windows also provide scroll bars with scroll arrows and scroll boxes , which enable you to view the different parts of the program or file that do not fit in the window .
Many word processing and presentation programs also feature a selection of clip art , as shown in Figure 1.12 , although the choices may be limited unless the program is stored on a compact disk .
Many word processors can automatically correct common misspellings , a feature called AutoCorrect .
Many workstations run UNIX ; some artists use graphics software written especially for the workstation .
Many writers must also know how to create content for the Internet and be familiar with HTML .
Mapping out a storyboard helps the author to recognize gaps in logic or flaws in the flow of the content .
Margins are the white borders around the edge of the page where the text is not typed .
Marine Corps , because VINES can update user information on multiple servers connected to each other on the same network .
Marketers may be recruited to interview prospective customers or meet with focus groups to seek consumer reactions to competing products .
Masks may also be applied , for instance , to ensure that all customer IDs , ZIP Codes , and telephone numbers are formatted in the same manner .
Meantime , computer users watched the rebirth of Apple Computer , which nearly folded after losing most of its market share to competitors .
Meantime , researchers at Hewlett - Packard Research Laboratories and the University of California at Los Angeles announced breakthroughs that may give the term microcomputer an entirely new meaning .
Meantime , thousands of users installed Windows on their existing DOS machines , instantly creating a multitasking , GUI - based system .
Measures of drive performance generally are applied to the computer 's hard disk but can also be applied to other types of drives .
Medium - to large - size businesses typically use a network to interconnect users for the same reasons as small businesses , but they often use a WAN to interconnect various departments or divisions separated by different buildings , regions , or even continents .
Megahertz ( MHz ) means millions of cycles per second .
Members of many newsgroups post lists of frequently asked questions ( FAQs ) and their answers every month or two .
Memory addresses start at zero and go up to one less than the number of bytes of memory in the computer .
Memory holds data and program instructions as the CPU works with them .
Memory is like an electronic scratch pad inside the computer .
Memory that can be instantly changed is called read - write memory or random - access memory ( RAM ) .
Memory upgrades can be installed to increase the SoftBook Reader 's storage capacity to 50,000 pages .
Merced 's primary innovations will be the combination of CISC and RISC processors on a single chip and the use of 0.18 - micron technology .
Merced is expected to execute as many as 8 billion instructions per second , with initial operating speeds of 800 MHz .
Microcomputers , or Personal Computers .
Microcomputers are more commonly known as personal computers .
Microcomputers include the following types .
Microphones also make the PC useful for audio conferencing over the Internet .
Microphones are now important input devices , and speakers and their associated technology are key output systems .
Microphones can accept auditory input .
Microprocessors , memory chips , and storage devices make continual gains in speed and capacity , while physical size and price remain stable - or in some cases are reduced .
Microsoft 's MS - DOS ( which stands for Microsoft Disk Operating System ) , along with IBM 's PC - DOS ( Personal Computer Disk Opera - ting System ) , was once the most common of all the PC operating systems .
Microsoft 's solution was Windows , a GUI that ran on top of DOS , replacing the command - line interface with a point - and - click system .
Microsoft 's Windows NT was originally meant as a replacement for DOS but was too resource - intensive to work on most PCs at the time of its release .
Microsoft also decided to pursue the development of Windows as its own operating system , freeing it from ties to any specific hardware manufacturer .
Microsoft fine - tuned Windows NT Server to function as an operating system for file and print servers and on other systems that provide services for other computers on the LAN or Internet .
Microsoft issued two versions - Windows NT Workstation and Windows NT Server .
Microsoft Office 's programs , for example , support an advanced macro language called Visual Basic for Applications ( VBA ) .
Microsoft Outlook , shown in Figure 2.2 , is another example of a popular personal information manager that uses databases .
Microsoft Outlook uses databases to help you manage information such as addresses , phone numbers , schedules , and more .
Microsoft released Windows NT , a 32 - bit operating system for PCs , in 1993 .
Microsoft Windows 95 and 98 use this kind of monitor to show how screen items appear at different resolutions .
Microsoft Windows and the Macintosh operating system gained popularity because of their easy to use , mouse oriented graphical interfaces , and even DOS based programs began using toolbars , pull down menus , and dialog boxes .
Microsoft Windows NT Server 4.0. Microsoft Windows NT Server 4.0 provides a graphical , Windows 9x - style user interface and is ideal for administering small and medium - sized networks .
MIDI ( Musical Instrument Digital Interface ) is a digital communication protocol and hardware specification that allows electronic instruments , controllers and computers to talk to one another .
MIDI commands can work in real time to allow you to control several pieces of interconnected equipment from one central point .
MIDI devices have their own built - in computers to interpret MIDI commands .
MIDI instruments are the devices that actually make sound when they receive a MIDI signal .
MIDI sequencers are devices that record , edit , and output MIDI signals .
MIDI systems are widely used in recording and performance to control settings for electronic synthesizers , drum machines , light systems , amplification , and more .
MIDI thus allows a musician to focus on creating and playing music rather than worrying about the ins and outs of digital communications or computer circuitry .
Miniaturized versions of personal productivity applications .
Minicomputers , or midrange computers .
Minicomputers , such as the one shown in Figure 2.4 , are commonly used as servers in network environments that handle the data - sharing needs of other computers on the network .
Minicomputers are smaller than mainframes but larger than microcomputers .
Minicomputers are used more and more often as network servers and Internet servers .
Minicomputers cost anywhere from $ 18,000 to $ 500,000 and are ideal for many organizations and companies that cannot afford or do not need a mainframe system .
MMX includes a set of fifty - seven instructions that increase the multimedia capabilities of a computer chip .
MMX includes three primary architectural design enhancements : new instructions , SIMD process , and additional cache .
Modem connections are convenient , but their capacity is limited to the relatively low data - transfer speed of a telephone line .
Modem transmission speeds are measured in bits per second ( bps ) .
Modems also come in the form of a PC Card for use with laptop computers .
Modern diskettes store data on both sides of the disk ( numbered as side 0 and side 1 ) , and each side has its own read or write head .
Modern display and sound systems make the computing experience a more inviting one .
Modern modems typically use data compression technologies to shrink the size of data before transmitting it over the telephone line .
Modern monochrome and grayscale monitors can focus on pixels as small as a single phosphor dot .
Modern operating systems also provide various alarm methods .
Modern operating systems support multitasking , which is the capability of running multiple processes simultaneously .
Modern PCs typically come with all the necessary multimedia components already installed .
Modern word processors are easy to use and require no special skills to master .
Molecular - scale computer systems will not materialize soon , probably not for decades .
Monitors are usually monochrome , grayscale , or color .
Monitors can also be categorized by the number of colors they display .
Monitors display a grid of pixels that measures at least 640 - 840 , and video requires at least fifteen image frames per second .
Monochrome monitors are often used for text only displays .
Monochrome monitors display only one color ( such as green , amber , or white ) against a contrasting background , which is usually black .
Monthly mortgage payments based on different interest rates .
More and more educational materials , including textbooks and encyclopedias , are being developed into multimedia products .
More and more games are network - integrated , enabling users to play against other users on the network or on the Internet .
More and more people are telecommuting : working at home or on the road and using telecommunications equipment - telephones , modems , fax machines , and so forth - to stay in touch with the office .
More RAM also can make the computer run faster .
More RAM means the computer can use bigger , more powerful programs , and those programs can access bigger data files .
More recently , a group of hardware and software makers led by Microsoft and Intel began the ongoing development of hardware standards for personal computers of various types .
More sophisticated paint programs can make brush strokes that appear thick or thin , soft or hard , drippy or neat , opaque or transparent .
More sophisticated sites allow you to search for specific products , look for certain features , and compare prices .
Mosaic and the Web browsers that have evolved from it have changed the way people use the Internet .
Most buttons feature a name and a picture surrounded by a black border .
Most CAD programs can also perform calculations on drawings .
Most can use standard , inexpensive copy paper that is loaded into a paper tray .
Most certification programs require participants to pass one or more exams to earn a certification .
Most commercial operating systems and applications include an online help system that is installed on your computer with the software .
Most commercial packages come with a microphone .
Most computer buses transfer 32 bits simultaneously .
Most computer users do not work with a true DBMS on a daily basis .
Most computers are not connected directly to the Internet .
Most computers come with a serial port and a parallel port .
Most computers from the biggest to the smallest operate on the same fundamental principles .
Most computers have several types of ports , each with different capabilities and uses .
Most consumer level laser printers offer print speeds of 6 or 8 ppm , but high volume professional laser printers can exceed 20 ppm .
Most CPUs sold today , for both PCs and Macintosh computers , have 32 - bit registers .
Most current operating systems , including all versions of Windows , the Macintosh operating system , OS / 2 , and some versions of UNIX , provide a graphical user interface ( GUI , pronounced GOO - ee ) .
Most DBMSs allow you to create a data entry form to make data entry easier .
Most digital cameras can store dozens of high resolution images at a time , and most cameras accept additional memory that increases their capacity even further .
Most digital cameras can store images in high - resolution JPEG or TIFF formats , but these formats consume a great deal of storage space .
Most DRAM technologies support access times of around 60 nanoseconds .
Most draw programs provide outstanding text features , allowing you to create special text effects , shows , 3 - D text , and more .
Most e - mail programs permit users to attach data files and program files to messages .
Most entry - level consumer PCs now come with hard disks of at least 6.8 GB , but minimum capacities are continually increasing .
Most file - compression utilities are useful for compressing one or more files to reduce their storage requirements .
Most file compression utilities enable the user to create self - extracting archive files - files that can extract themselves automatically .
Most floppy disks store only 1.44 MB , although special floppy disks offer higher capacities .
Most H / PC systems do not provide disks , but memory can be added through PC cards or other means .
Most help systems let you bookmark specific help topics so you can find them again quickly .
Most home networking requirements are not as extensive as those for a business or large organization .
Most IBM compatible keyboards have 12 function keys ; most Macintosh systems have 15 .
Most individual users connect their computer 's modem to a telephone line and set up an account with an Internet service provider ( ISP ) , which provides local or regional access to the Internet backbone .
Most individual users connect to the Internet by using a telephone line ; a 28.8 Kbps , or 56 Kbps modem ; and a SLIP or PPP account .
Most input devices are designed to be used by hand .
Most ISPs have strict spam polices .
Most ISPs provide access to a news server as part of an Internet account .
Most ISPs provide an appropriate - use policy an their Web site or in their printed documentation .
Most keyboards follow a similar layout , with their keys arranged in five groups .
Most keyboards include the following standard cursor - movement keys .
Most keyboards use the QWERTY layout , which gets its name from the first six keys in the top row of letters .
Most large organizations have existing networks that must be maintained , repaired , and updated as the company grows or shrinks .
Most LCD displays are either active matrix or passive matrix .
Most microprocessors are single chips mounted on a piece of plastic with metal wires attached to it .
Most modems used with personal computers can also emulate a fax machine .
Most modern database systems can work with seven predefined field types .
Most modern operating systems employ a graphical user interface ( GUI ) with which users control the system by pointing and clicking graphical objects on the screen .
Most multimedia PCs include simple audio playback software that lets you start , stop , pause , and random play songs from a CD .
Most new computers come equipped with a monitor and speakers .
Most new computers come equipped with these three devices .
Most new computers feature AGP graphics capabilities in addition to a PCI system bus and an expansion bus .
Most new PCs and Macintosh computers feature at least one USB port , and each USB port can support 127 different devices .
Most new PCs come with a diskette drive , a hard disk drive , and a CD - ROM or DVD drive .
Most newer operating systems accomplish this feat with a feature known as the Clipboard .
Most nonimpact printers are sheet fed .
Most notebooks that use passive matrix technology now refer to their screens as dual scan LCD .
Most of the networking terms you have seen so far - with the exception of the protocols discussed in the previous section - have referred to hardware .
Most of the software you buy will work with your printer , monitor , and other equipment without requiring any special installation .
Most of these stations broadcast live , in real time , on the Internet .
Most of us do not realize , however , that computers are basically simple devices and all computers have a great deal in common .
Most often , these paragraphs are formatted as bullets .
Most other PCs , however , do not include 2.88 MB floppy disk drives .
Most PC projectors use LCD technology to create images .
Most PCs feature an indicator light that blinks when a hard disk is accessed .
Most PCs now have phone dialing capabilities , so if you have a microphone and speakers ( or a headset microphone with an earphone ) , you can use your PC to make telephone calls .
Most PDAs come with an electronic pen that lets the user write on a touch - sensitive screen .
Most people find paper documents more comfortable to use , lighter , and easier on the eyes .
Most people rely on a hard disk drive for the bulk of their storage needs , but what if the hard drive malfunctions or is damaged ?
Most personal computer systems include the types of hardware components shown here .
Most personal computers have at least one unremovable hard disk ( or hard drive ) .
Most popular H / PCs have fax and e - mail capabilities and a port that lets them exchange data with a PC .
Most portable computers have built - in modems or slots for plugging in a modem .
Most portal sites let you change your custom selections whenever you want .
Most presentation programs let you save a set of slides as a group in one file so that you can open the related slides and work with them together .
Most presentation programs provide templates , which are predesigned slides .
Most printers have different ppm ratings for text and graphics because graphics generally take longer to print .
Most programs come with any number - possibly thousands - of files .
Most publishing houses and newspapers require their writers and editors to work electronically and to deliver manuscript and articles via the Internet or other network .
Most removable hard disks used with PCs are different from the hot - swappable design .
Most software developers and programmers employ firms to test the software or they have their own in - house testing departments .
Most spreadsheets recognize currency entries easily , depending on the context of the values being entered .
Most standard keyboards include five major groups of keys .
Most system buses use some type of local bus technology today and are coupled with one or more kinds of expansion bus .
Most telephone companies offer ISDN at a slightly higher cost than the conventional telephone service that it replace , and costs are coming down as more homes and businesses obtain ISDN connections .
Most television programs , for example , require the viewer only to sit and observe .
Most touch screen computers use sensors in or near the computer 's screen to detect the touch of a finger .
Most trackballs feature two buttons , although three - button models are also available .
Most USB - compliant computers have two built - in ports , each capable of supporting 127 devices at one time .
Most USB devices can be controlled from the PC , so you do not have to adjust settings manually .
Most users needed to learn only a small set of commands .
Most users run their monitors at 256 colors , so each pixel requires one byte of information .
Most users with 15 inch monitors set them to display at either 640 x 480 or 800 x 600 .
Most vector - based programs create and save files in a proprietary file format .
Most versions of UNIX are case - sensitive : they can differentiate between upper - and lowercase letters typed at the command prompt .
Most video controllers today also include at least 4 MB of video RAM , or VRAM ( in addition to the RAM that is connected to the CPU ) .
Most Windows - based help systems are divided into three sections , each providing different options for finding help .
Most windows share many of the characteristics shown in Figure 1. .
Most word processing features are used to format the document .
Most word processors allow you to change or remove the tab stops by displaying a ruler across the top or bottom of the screen that shows where tab stop positions are set .
Most word processors also offer a status bar across the bottom of the window , which includes information related to your position in the document , the page count , and the status of keyboard keys .
Most word processors include professional templates to give documents a clean look and help the user with spelling , grammar , and word choices .
Most work a bit like a diskette , with a disk in a plastic case that is inserted into or removed from the drive .
Motorola Corporation is another major manufacturer of microprocessors for small computers .
Motorola is not alone in producing both RISC and CISC processors .
Motorola makes the CPUs used in Macintosh and PowerPC computers .
Motorola offers two families of processor chips .
Move the insertion point to the beginning of the third paragraph and press Enter to create a blank paragraph .
Move the mouse pointer to the Windows taskbar .
Move the mouse pointer up or down the Programs submenu until you find Windows Explorer .
Move to the back of the computer and inspect all the cables plugged into it .
Moving data between RAM and the CPU 's registers is one of the most time - consuming operations a CPU must perform , simply because RAM is much slower than the CPU .
Moving digital images from a digital camera to a computer is a simple process , using standard cables , disks , or even infrared networking capabilities .
Moving Files Between Computers That Are Not Connected Through Network or Communications Hardware .
MP3 ( MPEG Layer 3 ) is an audio - compression standard that can compress digitized music to one - tenth its original size .
MP3 also handles the compression with almost no loss in sound quality .
MP3 technology enables people to share recorded music like never before .
MPEG compression allows high - quality video and audio to be viewed on the computer screen , whether the source is a compact disk or the Internet .
Much of the clip art is free , but some requires a fee .
Much of this time is spent playing games , downloading music from the Internet , Web surfing , and so on .
Much of this work goes on without any computers .
Much of what you have learned about diskettes and diskette drives applies to hard disks as well .
MULTIMEDIA , INTERACTIVITY , AND NEW MEDIA DEFINED .
Multimedia and gaming professionals often add high end audio systems to their computers , which enable them to sample , record , edit , and mix sounds of all types and play them back .
Multimedia authoring applications for building digital movies that incorporate sound , video , animation , and interactive features .
Multimedia Designers , Game Designers , and Animators .
Multimedia developers continually struggle to find ways to make their products more appealing to users , whether the product is a fast - paced action game , a tutorial on disk , or an e - commerce Web site .
Multimedia developers must gain a detailed under - standing of the audience who will use the final product to make sure it will succeed .
Multimedia development and delivery technologies enable people to create and distribute digital content of all types to millions of consumers , but is all of it beneficial ?
Multimedia is commonly used in schools , where students use CD - ROM - based reference materials and tutorials and use the Internet to collaborate with students in other locations .
Multimedia is frequently used in the home , whether on a PC , television , or the Internet .
Multimedia is the use of more than one unique medium at a time .
Multimedia learning products prove that children can have fun and master basic skills while working in a game environment .
Multimedia PCs generally come with sound systems , which include a sound card , speakers , a CD - ROM or DVD drive , and a video controller .
Multimedia players , such as Windows Media Player , RealPlayer G2 , and others , enable you to tune into traditional broadcast stations and dozens of net radio outlets , which distribute their audio exclusively over the World Wide Web .
Multimedia plug - in applications also use file compression to move the process even faster .
Multimedia products are typically the result of a team effort .
Multimedia products typically provide the user with a set of navigation tools .
Multimedia programs are described as interactive if they accept input from the user and enable the user to direct the flow of information or action in the program .
Multimedia programs are used in a wide variety of ways .
Multimedia programs can feature content stored on a disk ( such as a CD - ROM based encyclopedia ) or received over the Internet .
Multimedia self - help and instructional products are many and varied in nature .
Multimedia streams , news , and stock quotes are just a few examples of these types of data .
Multimedia work is usually done by teams .
Multiple scans are sometimes required for color , however .
Multiple tables in this kind of database make it possible to handle many data management tasks , for example .
Multitasking lets you do more than one task at a time , here the computer is printing a document from Lotus Word Pro while the user downloads a file from the Internet .
Multitasking means being able to perform two or more procedures - such as printing a multiple - paged document , sending e - mail over the Internet , and typing a letter - simultaneously .
Multitasking means much more than the capability to load multiple programs into memory .
Music pirates set up Web sites ( some of which stay active for only a few days before disappearing ) where visitors can find and download all types of music .
Musicians and engineers proposed MIDI in the early 1980s as a way of standardizing the communications protocols used in the growing field of synthesized music , which at the time included keyboard synthesizers and their controllers , called sequencers .
Name and describe three types of storage devices .
Name five graphic elements commonly found in Web pages .
Name five types of utilities that enhance an operating system 's functioning .
Name six special purpose keys found on all standard computer keyboards .
Name the four kinds of data you can enter in a worksheet .
Name the four types of 3 - D modelers described in this book .
Name the two major categories of software .
Name three media sources that might be used in a multimedia presentation .
Name three ways in which multimedia content is commonly distributed .
Native Linux is driven by a command - line interface , but a windows - based GUI is also available .
Navigation is the act of moving through electronic information .
Near the back of a monochrome or grayscale monitor is an electron gun .
Near the bottom of the tab , click the button labeled Print Test Page .
Nearly all bitmap - based graphics programs can use any file formats listed in Table 1. .
Nearly all ISPs and corporate LANs maintain one or more mail servers .
Nearly all ISPs post an appropriate use policy on their Web site that lists guidelines for acceptable behavior on the Internet .
Nearly every ISP provides space on its Web servers where clients can create and post personal Web pages .
NetBEUI was the default networking protocol in Windows 3.11 , Windows 95 , and other Microsoft client operating systems .
Netiquette is crucial for keeping the Internet a civil place because the Internet is not policed or run by a single person or group .
NetWare also includes support for various hardware platforms , such as Mac , PC , and UNIX hosts and servers .
Network Administrators and Hardware Technicians .
Network computers are designed to be connected to a network , a corporate intranet , or to the Internet .
Network designers consider several factors when determining which topology or combination of topologies to use : the type of computers currently installed , the type of cabling ( if any ) currently in place , the cost of the components and services required to implement the network , the distance between each computer , and the speed with which data must travel around the network .
Network hardware and software offer a way to establish ongoing data communications , generally over media ( twisted - pair wire , coaxial cable , fiber - optic cable , and so forth ) specifically set up for the network and known as dedicated media .
Network managers , for example , typically have to deal with different versions of Windows and a separate network operating system ( such as NetWare ) .
Network managers can assign specific access rights to each user on the network on a per - drive , per - folder , or per - file basis .
Network operating systems can range in size from Windows 95 ( which allows you to connect several computers into a peer - to - peer network ) to Windows 2000 , NetWare , and Banyan Vines ( which allows the world to be networked within a single enterprise ) .
Network software works with the operating system and tells the computer how to use the NIC .
Networking and communication software that let computers connect to one another and exchange data .
Networking technologies have also boosted the popularity of collaborative software , which allows users to connect with one another over LAN or modem links so that they can see what is happening on other users ' computers .
Networking technology has thus become the most explosive area of growth in the entire computer industry .
Networks ( especially the Internet and large WANs , with nodes spread over a large geographic area ) commonly transmit data across telephone lines .
Networks can be categorized in different ways , such as by geography ( how much terrain they cover ) or by the use or absence of a central server .
Networks can include all the computers and devices in a department , a building , or multiple buildings spread over a wide geographic area .
Networks enable multiple users to access shared data and programs instantly .
Networks managers can use various methods for creating firewalls and typically use a combination of techniques .
Networks offer essentially the same advantages to home users as to a business .
Networks were once used mainly by educational , military , and government institutions , but today networks span the globe and reach into the average home .
Never Upload Images to Newsgroups or the Web .
Nevertheless , home users can experience convincing VR using low - end equipment and a home PC .
Nevertheless , sql is useful and you may see it from time to time , especially if you are using a relational DBMS such as Oracle or DB2 , or a more recent PC - based DBMS such as Microsoft Access .
Nevertheless , this volume can create a severe bandwidth bottleneck because typical network transmission speeds are at least 10 Mbps ( 10,000,000 bps ) - about 200 times as fast .
New - generation help systems include descriptions , tips , audio or video demonstrations , hyperlinks , and links to Internet - based resources .
New - generation projectors can display crisp images in only semidarkened rooms , and a projector displays the image at the same resolution as the PC 's monitor .
New , ergonomically correct keyboards can help reduce those problems .
New business - planning programs provide templates to help the user create business plans and customize documents by industry , product type , or market type .
New computers have features that enable them to record audio and video input and play it back .
New features make it easier to blend workstations , servers , intranets , and the Internet into one seamless unit .
New hard disks can store several thousand times as much data as a diskette .
New materials and methods will be required if PC makers want to continue building higher - performance systems .
New storage subsystems are being invented for companies that handle thousands of transactions a day , and these systems will use vast disk arrays capable of storing dozens of terabytes .
New systems use the smaller diskette almost exclusively , unless a 5.25 - inch disk drive has been added .
New technologies enable homeowners to set up home networks to connect multiple computers .
New technologies enable you to monitor your entire household via a PC - to set your air conditioner or alarm clock , start your coffee maker or sprinklers , and activate your alarm system .
New versions of applications typically produce larger data files ( and operating systems create bigger system files ) than previous versions did , placing storage space at a higher premium .
New word processors also let you include graphics and sounds in your documents , and they provide sophisticated layout features that enable you to create brochures , newsletters , business documents , and more .
Newcomers to PC - based multimedia commonly ask aloud : How do they do that ?
Newer data - warehousing systems not only incorporate huge disk drives , but some interconnect the drives with fiber - optic lines rather than standard wire - based buses .
Newer generation speech recognition programs are much more reliable than they were a few years ago .
Newer generations of PCs feature more RAM than previous generations did because newer versions of operating systems and application software require ever increasing amounts of RAM to operate efficiently .
Newer microprocessors are large and complex enough to require their own dedicated circuit boards , which plug into a special slot in the motherboard .
Newer model computers have a 64 - bit data bus , which transfers 8 bytes at a time .
Newer models use digital light processing ( DLP ) technology to project brighter , crisper images .
Newer operating systems provide several accessibility settings that are easy to configure .
Newer systems seldom have less than 64 MB .
Newer versions of the Windows operating system ( specifically Windows 98 and 2000 ) offer support for cable television hookups so you can connect your PC to your building 's television cable system .
Newer versions of word processors - including Microsoft Word , WordPerfect , WordPro , and others - can convert standard text documents into the HTML format for you .
News and mailing lists are public conference distributed through the Internet and other electronic networks .
Newsgroup names can be quite long .
Newsgroups are a relatively fast way to distribute information to potentially interested readers , and they allow people to discuss topics of common interest .
Newsgroups are organized into major categories called domains , and categorized by individual topics within each domain .
Newsletters , for example , are often laid out in a two - or three - column format to make them easy to read .
Newspapers , magazines , letters , and advertisements crowd your mailbox each day .
NEXIS ( c ) is a bibliographic database that contains information about articles on a wide range of topics .
Next , browse your disk for a file with an extension such as . gif , . jpg , or . tif .
Next , click Programs ; then click Accessories .
Next , click Settings ; then click Control Panel .
Next , click Settings ; then click Control Panel .
Next , launch WordPad ( as you did in the second lab exercise on page 66 ) and write a three paragraph report entitled Advantages of the Dvorak Keyboard .
Next , make a list of all the applications you use or plan to use , and make sure they will run under the new OS .
Next , the computer looks for an operating system , which is usually stored on the hard disk .
Next , the designer creates all the frames that show the character moving between points A and B ; these frames are called tweens ( short for between because these frames are positioned between the keyframes ) .
No introduction to the Internet is complete without a short review of its history .
No matter what kind of data is entered into a computer , however , the computer converts it to numbers .
No matter what their structure , all networks rely on media to link their nodes and servers together .
No Web site is complete unless it is graphically rich and filled with navigation tools .
Noise you could not hear if you were using the telephone line for a conversation can wreak havoc with computer data .
Non - Microsoft operating systems use slightly different schemes for keeping track of disks and their contents , but each scheme accomplishes the same task .
Nonetheless , their promise is exciting , especially when you consider that a molecular computer - containing billions of molecules - could be more powerful than all the computers currently running put together .
Nonetheless , unix never really caught on as a consumer operating system , giving way to DOS , Windows , and the Mac OS , which generally have been perceived as easier to learn and use .
Nonimpact printers use other means to create an image .
Nonimpact printers use various methods to place ink ( or another colored substance ) on the page .
Nonvolatile chips always hold the same data ; the data in them cannot be changed except through a special process that overwrites the data .
Normally , documents are set up to fit on 8 1 / 2 - by 11 - inch paper , a standard known as letter - size paper .
Normally , modem communication is full - duplex , which means data can travel in both directions at the same time .
Normally , proprietary files can be opened or saved without the use of an import or export filter by the program that created them .
Not all DBMS operations have to occur on screen .
Not all e - commerce Web sites accept digital cash yet .
Not all file formats work in all programs , a problem called incompatibility .
Not all hard drives are internal .
Not only can you design the tiniest object in a CAD program , you can also design the largest objects in full scale .
Not only can you get more power from your computer and its resources , you will get more from your applications also .
Not only do hard disks pack data more closely together , they also hold more data because they usually include multiple platters , stacked one on top of another .
Not only will you have to be concerned with protecting your data at the office , you will also have to keep a wary eye on what information you store on your home computers .
Not that long ago , the Internet was the exclusive province of educators , scientists , and researchers .
Not until Microsoft released Windows 3.0 in 1990 did the operating environment really take off .
Note , however , that a WAN does not have to include any LAN systems .
Note , however , that in newer personal computers , some devices are built directly onto the motherboard instead of attaching to it as a separate circuit board .
Note , however , that these strategies are not always less expensive than purchasing individual copies of software for each user .
Note , too , that it is usually possible to add more RAM to a standard computer ; some newer systems can be upgraded to nearly 1 GB of RAM .
Note : The taskbar , Start button , and Start menu are unique to Windows 95 , 98 , and 2000 and Windows NT version 4.0 and later .
Note that some monitors have different refresh rates for different resolutions .
Note that the quality of the image does not improve much with the change in resolution .
Note that the status bar says that the presentation contains five slides .
Note that the transmission speeds given in Table 2.1 are typical ranges .
Note that the use of controller cards is waning as disk controllers are more commonly built into the system 's motherboard or directly onto the disk drive .
Note that when a URL ends with a folder name rather than a file , the URL includes a final slash .
Note the current setting in the Screen area box and write it down .
Note the setting in the Colors box and write it down .
Note what happens after you launch the browser and write it down .
Notebook computers ( laptops ) are used by people who need portable computing power outside the office or away from home .
Notebook computers , as their name implies , approximate the shape of an 8.5 - by 11 - inch notebook and can fit inside a briefcase easily .
Notebook Computers , or Laptop Computers .
Notebook systems are also available with the same processing power as the most powerful full - size PCs .
Notebooks are fully functional microcomputers ; the people who use them need the power of a full - size PC wherever they go .
Notice how file names are accompanied by the file sizes in bytes and the date and time when the files were last modified .
Notice how the different paragraph alignments adjust the text in relation to the margins .
Notice in Figure 2.3 that each piece of information in the address book is stored in its own location , called a field .
Notice that if any keyboard shortcuts are available , you can see them on the menu .
Notice that more items can fit on the screen at higher resolutions , but the items appear smaller .
Notice that the colors are different from the primary additive colors ( red , green , and blue ) used in monitors .
Notice that the table arrangement consists of a set number of named columns ( fields ) and an arbitrary number of unnamed rows ( records ) .
Notice that the table in Figure 2.5 looks like a spreadsheet .
Notice the blinking insertion point in the window .
Novell Certification Novell , Inc . , was one of the first technology vendors to offer certification training on its networking products , and Novell certifications continue to be valued by experienced network managers .
Novell offers a wide variety of certifications , including the basic Certified Novell Administrator ( CNA ) program , the general Certified Novell Engineer ( CNE ) program , and the advanced - level Master CNE program , among others .
Novice computer users often use the term memory when they actually mean storage or disk .
Now , advertisements for movies are far more common online than collaborations on physics research .
Now , computers can communicate information to you in several ways , but the most exciting types of output are those that appeal to the senses .
Now , however , higher - end CAD programs include these capabilities , freeing the user from relying on multiple programs - except when special effects or complicated animation is required .
Now , list the template you would choose if you had to give the following types of presentations .
Now , suppose that two users want information from the database .
Now called the RealPlayer , the product incorporates RealVideo and RealAudio technologies and can play streaming audio and video broadcast from a Web site .
Now click on the selected word and drag it to the left while holding down the mouse button .
Now imagine using this little system to read your favorite novels , reference book , or newspaper .
Now programs provide 3 - D worksheets , which are like a pad of worksheets .
Now test your speaker volume by opening the Control Panel window and double - clicking the Sounds icon .
Now that GUIs have become the standard , it is difficult to appreciate how big a breakthrough this standardization was .
Now that sound capabilities are standard in computers , microphones are becoming increasingly important as input devices to record speech .
Now that you have a better understanding of database terms , you can begin exploring an electronic database .
Now watch as Windows finishes defragmenting the disk .
Now you can access chat in real time through various sources .
Now you want to move to a different city and have sent to several drafting firms there .
NSF established five supercomputing centers that were available to anyone who wanted to use them for academic research purposes .
NSFnet made Internet connections widely available for academic research , but the NSF did not permit users to conduct private business over the system .
Nuclear scientists use supercomputers to create and analyze models of nuclear fission and fusion , predicting the actions and reactions of millions of atoms as they interact .
Numbers are numbers ; letters and punctuation marks are numbers ; sounds and pictures are numbers .
Numbers can appear as dollars and cents , percentages , dates , times , and fractions .
Numeric fields store purely numeric data .
Object linking adds another layer to the relationship : the data that is copied to and from the Clipboard retains a link to the original document so that a change in the original document also appears in the linked data .
Objects created in a draw program can be altered easily and without loss of image quality .
Occasionally , you will hear people refer to 32 - bit processors , or 64 - bit processors , or even 64 - bit computers .
Of course , a diskette 's allocation of sectors per track is somewhat wasteful because the longer outer tracks could theoretically store more data than the shorter inner tracks .
Of course , each delivery technology has its own set of unique strengths and weaknesses .
Of course , even low - end VR hardware is not cheap .
Of course , it always helps if you know how to type .
Of course , many business and financial professionals use dedicated accounting programs to keep their books , but these people also rely on spreadsheets when sharing information with clients , creating reports , or performing various types of analysis .
Of course , performance is best if you have a broadband Internet connection , such as a cable modem .
Of course , plenty of specialized reference guides are also on the Web , covering subjects from computer technology to law , economics to particle physics .
Of course , record companies don't waste much effort hunting down the home copier who dubs a song from the radio or a CD and listens to it in the car .
Of course , the computer itself - the hardware - cannot do any of these things .
Of course , the larger the monitor , the better your audience can see the slides .
Of course , the same point can be made about television programming because it uses various media at the same time .
Of course , you will get an LCD monitor if you buy a laptop system , but do not forget that most laptops have a port for connecting a desktop monitor .
Of the five , the first two are bitmap - based paint programs ; the rest are vector - based draw programs .
Of these , isdn received the most attention in the past few years because it was the most affordable and the one most likely to make its way into homes and small businesses .
Office LANs can use radio signals to transmit data between nodes .
Often , a DBMS is custom - programmed to fit the exact needs of a company and may be designed to run on a large mainframe computer system .
Often , different DOS applications use different drivers for the same device .
Often , the unused side is the bottom side of the bottom disk , as shown in Figure 1.1 .
Often , these images are used without the knowledge or permission of the owner .
Often , they are no larger than a small appointment book , but they are much less powerful than notebook or desktop computers .
Often the person managing the network has the responsibility of making regular backups of the data on the shared storage device from a single , central location .
Often these screens attempt to duplicate existing paper forms that the user once filled out by hand .
Often they are also responsible for designing and establishing an organization 's telecommuting initiative .
Older computers feature only three or four distinct types of ports , but new systems provide a wide array of specialized ports .
Older microprocessors were single chips .
Older systems required the user to pause between words .
On a 17 inch monitor , the viewing area is a little over 15 inches .
On a full CD - ROM , the spiral of data stretches almost three miles long ! A standard compact disk can store 650 MB of data , or about seventy minutes of audio .
On a large network , access time can become noticeably delayed as collisions become more prevalent .
On a network , data is broken into small groups called packets before being transmitted from one computer to another .
On a network , usually each person has a separate PC with its own operating system .
On a PC , the modifier keys are as follows .
On a properly configured system , dos and DOS programs ran well ; crashes and lockups were rare .
On an interactive medium such as the World Wide Web , however , image quality often must be sacrificed to reduce file size and download times .
On centralized networks , the message is delivered almost instantaneously , and the cost of sending the message is negligible .
On desktops around the world , printers spit out tons of documents every week .
On IBM and compatible computers , diskette drives are assigned the letters A and B , and hard disk drives are designated as the C drive and up .
On IBM systems , this device is called a TrackPoint .
On many systems , this key can be programmed to perform other tasks .
On portable computers , trackballs may be built directly into the keyboard , slide out of the system unit in a small drawer , or clamp to the side of the keyboard .
On receiving instructions from the PC , the printer can push any of the pins out , in any combination .
On the bottom , you can see how the browser interprets the tags and displays the information .
On the first Pentium III processor , for example , transistors are spaced 0.25 microns apart .
On the IBM ThinkPad line of notebook computers , the pointing device is called the TrackPoint .
On the Internet , private communications ( such as e - mail messages ) can be quickly forwarded far beyond their intended readership , which amounts to publication .
On the Internet , appropriate behavior is called netiquette , a combination of Internet etiquette .
On the job site , construction workers use computerized measuring devices and laser beams to calculate precise measurements quickly .
On the left , an 8 - by 10 - inch image is displayed at standard screen resolution .
On the left is a text - only version of the Internal Revenue Service 's home page .
On the other hand , a specialized device can give new purpose to a standard system .
On the other hand , mp3 has limitations and could be surpassed at any time by new and improved technology .
On the other hand , the cost of laser printers has come way down .
On the other hand , you cannot change the circle or stroke as a whole , especially if you have painted over it , because the software does not recognize bitmaps as a circle or brush stroke after they are created .
On the right , the same 8 - by 10 - inch image is displayed in color .
On the right is the graphics - enabled version .
On the software side are the DBMS and tools that enable users to add and work with data in the database , converting it into useful information .
On the storage side of the equation is the data warehouse - a massive collection of corporate information , often stored in gigabytes or terabytes of data .
On the Telnet menu bar ; click Connect to open the Connect menu ; then click Remote System .
On the top , you can see the tags that format text and display graphics .
On the Web server , the designer must store all the graphics files required by the Web page .
On the Windows taskbar , click Start to open the Start menu .
On the Windows taskbar , click Windows Media Player .
On the Windows taskbar , double - click the speaker icon .
On to Fame , with a Side Trip to Obscurity .
On your computer , you can choose a Web page that opens immediately when you launch your Web browser by using a command in your browser to specify the URL for the designed page .
Once a model is finished , cad programs can render the image , shading in the solid parts and creating output that looks almost real .
Once again , it is difficult to detect slight differences in dot pitch , but blurry pixels will cause eyestrain anyway .
Once stored , you can re - create your sound again and again by playing the MIDI file back through a MIDI instrument or MIDI sound card with speakers .
Once the destination server receives your request , it begins sending you the requested data , which winds its way back to you - possibly over a different route .
Once the MIDI code is stored on the sequencer , the musician can convert the codes to written music or transmit the codes to a different instrument to get a different sound .
Once they are filled , you cannot add any other devices , unless you want to invest in a SCSI adapter and SCSI - compliant devices .
Once you are familiar with your computer 's hardware , it is time to see the folders and files that reside on its hard disk .
Once you have a structure for storing data ( whether it is a printed address book , phone book , or electronic table ) , you can enter and view data , create reports , and perform other tasks with the data .
One advantage that Shockwave offers to Web designers is its ability to accept user input .
One benefit of SCSI is that bringing the computer 's bus directly into the drive improves efficiency .
One common complaint with early implementations was that transfer speed reduced considerably as more users accessed the Internet through a given cable system , but advances in technology and bandwidth expansion by the cable TV companies have addressed those problems in many localities .
One common way to do so is to copy files onto diskettes , tapes , or some other removable storage medium .
One disadvantage is that passive matrix LCD displays have a narrow viewing angle .
One disadvantage of LCD monitors is that , unlike phosphor , the liquid crystal does not emit light , so there is not enough contrast between the images and the background to make them legible under all conditions .
One drawback to CD technology is the relative slowness of CD - ROM drives .
One example is the touch screen , a type of monitor that displays text or icons you can touch .
One full set of fields - that is , all the related information about one person or object - is called a record .
One high quality form of printing takes advantage of digital color copiers .
One important reason a computer needs ROM is that it must know what to do when the power is first turned on .
One is a single wire in the center of the cable , and the other is a wire mesh shield that surrounds the first wire , with an insulator between .
One keyboard setting , repeat rate , determines how long you must hold down an alphanumeric key before the keyboard will repeat the character and how rapidly the character is retyped as long as you press the key .
One major advantage that Unicode has over other text code systems is its compatibility with ASCII .
One major improvement that came with the 80386 is called virtual 80386 mode .
One major reform movement in education promotes active and cooperative learning .
One major type of system software , the operating system , tells the computer how to use its own components .
One measure is providing secure Web pages where customers can enter personal information , credit card and account numbers , passwords , and other information .
One might think that pen based systems would be a handy way to enter text into the computer for word processing .
One of the best places to learn about the Internet is on the Internet .
One of the biggest growth areas of multimedia is pornography .
One of the easiest and fastest ways to publish your work online is to create your own page on the World Wide Web .
One of the easiest ways to move data between computers is to copy the data to a diskette , remove the diskette from the first computer 's drive , and insert it in another computer 's drive .
One of the important functions of the file transfer protocol is to check for errors as a file is sent .
One of the latest advancements toward making television interactive is the integration of Internet connectivity with broadcast programming .
One of the latest developments in connectivity is digital subscriber line ( DSL ) .
One of the most commonly used plug - in applications is made by Macromedia , Inc .
One of the most exciting aspects of the Internet is its openness .
One of the most far - reaching applications of data communications is electronic mail ( e - mail ) , a system for exchanging written messages ( and increasingly , voice and video messages ) through a network .
One of the most important factors affecting the speed and power of a computer is the amount of RAM it has .
One of the most popular massstorage schemes is based on a redundant array of independent disks ( RAID ) .
One of the most popular network operating systems in terms of number of installations , NetWare ( developed by Novell , Inc . ) can be used to run networks with different topologies , including Ethernet and Token Ring .
One of the most powerful features of a DBMS is the ability to sort a table of data , either for a printed report or for display on the screen .
One of the network administrator 's primary responsibilities is making backups of data stored on the network server ( s ) and on users 'desktop PCs .
One of the simplest forms of computer animation is the fly - by .
One of those scientists - Doug Engelbart - was part of a team charged with developing ways to augment human intellect .
One or both of these leaders must also have management skills to direct and coordinate the efforts of a design team .
One or more toolbars provide tools that resemble buttons ; these buttons represent frequently used commands , such as those for printing and for selecting text styles .
One point equals of an inch , so 72 points equal 1 inch , 36 points equal inch , and so forth .
One popular form of recordable CD is PhotoCD , a standard developed by Kodak for storing digitized photographic images on a CD .
One popular type of server - based network is client ( or server computing ) , a hierarchical strategy in which individual computers share the processing and storage workload with a central server .
One reason the World Wide Web has become so popular is its support of graphics in Web pages .
One relatively simple implementation of a network with nodes and a file server is a file server network .
One result of increasing PC power is that the differences among mainframes , minis , and microcomputers are not as great as they once were .
One solution to this problem is to purchase a site license for an application .
One solution to this storage problem , besides upgrading to larger devices , is to compress data .
One source of the PC 's popularity is the rate at which improvements are made in its technology .
One type of mailing list that uses e - mail is an automated list server , or listserv .
One type of memory , called flash memory , stores data even when the power is turned off .
One way is to encode pages using secure sockets layer ( SSL ) technology , which encrypts data .
One way to address this problem is to keep all valuable data on a shared storage device that employees access through a network .
One way to find files is to use Archie , the searchable index of FTP archives maintained by McGill University in Montreal .
One way to make plain text and pictures inviting to an audience is to add time - based content , such as audio , cartoon animation , and video .
Online accounts are required at some vendors ' Web sites , such as brokerage sites that provide online investing services .
Online backup services like @ Backup can back up your system 's hard drive over an Internet connection , on any schedule .
Online courses are typically called virtual universities .
Online dictionaries are better illustrated , are more detailed , and offer a variety of tools compared to their printed counterparts .
Online references can be updated quickly and frequently , and the best ones are kept up - to - date by their owners .
Online services also offer access to the Internet , functioning as an ISP to their subscribers .
Online shopping makes it easier than ever to spend your money , too .
Online thesauri provide synonyms , antonyms , and homonyms in addition to definitions and pronunciations .
Only a few people regarded the mouse as being ahead of its time .
Only a handful of common file formats , such as Data Exchange Format ( DXF ) and Initial Graphics Exchange Specification ( IGES ) , exist for vector graphics .
Open the Start menu , point to Programs , and search the Programs menu for an application such as Microsoft Internet Explorer or Netscape Navigator .
Open your word processor and , in a blank document , list the tables you would include in your database .
Operating at speeds of 400 and 450 MHz , the K6 - III provides a smaller L2 cache but features a new Level - 3 cache ( up to 2 MB ) not found in the Pentium III .
Operating at speeds of 500 MHz and higher , the G4 's 128 - bit processor is capable of performing 1 billion floating - point operations ( one gigaflop ) per second .
Operating systems are designed to let you do most of the tasks you normally would want to do with a computer - manage files , load programs , print files , multitask , and so on .
Opinions vary as to what is an acceptable refresh rate .
Or will an updated operating system get better performance from your computer ?
Or you can automate the presentation by setting a display time for each slide .
Or you might enter several different numbers that are part of an elaborate calculation .
Originally a protocol used with large mainframe computer systems , dlc is now used to control communications with network printers .
Originally associated with UNIX hosts , TCP / IP is the protocol of the Internet and is required on every client machine for direct communication across the Internet to occur .
OS / 2 became the first operating system to provide built - in speech recognition technology , and it could run on a wide range of hardware platforms , from PCs to multiprocessor systems with up to sixty - four processors .
OS / 2 enabled users to run OS / 2 - specific applications as well as programs written for DOS and Windows 3.x .
OS / 2 is a multitasking operating system that provides support for networking and multiple users .
OS / 2 provided networking support , true multitasking and multiuser support , and other features that made it superior to DOS as an operating system for Intel - based PCs .
OS / 2 systems can be found in large businesses and schools , many of which adopted the system early and never switched to a different OS .
Other cameras use PC Cards or special memory sticks to hold photos ; these devices use flash memory to store data even when the camera is turned off .
Other changes will arrive soon in the form of new standards and new technologies .
Other chips - in fact , most of the memory in a microcomputer - lose their contents when the computer 's power is shut off .
Other computer manufacturers , including workstation manufacturers such as Sun Microsystems , have also relied heavily on Motorola chips .
Other fonts can be purchased over the Web .
Other gateways were created between the Internet and other networks , large and small , including some that used completely different networking protocols .
Other I / O devices that commonly require the installation of a card into an expansion slot include sound cards , internal modems or fax ( or modems ) , network interface cards , and scanners .
Other implementations of Ethernet are pushing transmission speeds even higher .
Other links may open separate Help windows , providing helpful information on a different topic .
Other machines that use flash memory are digital cameras .
Other MIDI instruments include drum machines and guitar synthesizers .
Other MPEG - compliant players are also available , many of which can be downloaded from various sources on the Internet .
Other online encyclopedias include Encyberpedia ( www . encyberpedia . com / ) , funk and Wagnalls ( www . funkandwagnalls . com / ) , and Encyclopedia . com ( www . encyclopedia . com / ) .
Other popular input devices are trackballs , touchpads , joysticks , scanners , digital cameras , and microphones .
Other popular variations on CD - ROM are CD - Recordable , CD - ReWritable , and PhotoCD .
Other programs are required to make the computer useful for people .
Other RISC processors include the Intel i960 , the Motorola 88100 , the NEC Electronics VR4000 series , and the Compaq ( formerly Digital Equipment Corporation ) Alpha .
Other satellite - based services , such as DirecTV and DirecPC , are moving in the same direction as WebTV but promise much higher bandwidth through their dedicated satellite channels .
Other software engineers design , develop , and test the DBMS application itself .
Other tape drives are external and connect to the system via an expansion slot .
Other types of communication , such as transmission of a digital video signal , have still different types of requirements .
Other types of impact printers are line printers and band printers .
Other types of processing , such as receiving , storing , and sending e - mail messages , are carried out by remote computers running the server part of the relevant software .
Other types of programs exist primarily for the user and enable the computer to perform tasks , such as creating documents or drawing pictures .
Other types of storage devices include tape drives , optical drives , removable hard drives , and many others .
Others attempted to use primitive menu systems , which proved difficult for DOS users who did not have a mouse .
Others can involve more than one user .
Others feature electronic pens , which enable the user to write directly on the display screen .
Others such as satellite systems , hotel systems , and an increasing number of home systems , let you order a pay - per - view movie or event by using your remote control or special set - top box .
Otherwise , a stand - alone DBMS package may be installed .
Otherwise , they do the same thing any speaker does : they transfer a constantly changing electric current to a magnet , which pushes the speaker cone back and forth .
Otherwise , you can search on the term that describes your field of study ( such as particle physics ) .
Otherwise , you work in insertion mode , and the word processor inserts text wherever the insertion point is located without overtyping existing text .
Outlook also provides e - mail , newsreading , and other functions , but at its core is a complex database and database management system .
Output devices return processed data back to the user or to another computer system .
Output enlargement software enlarges the characters on printed output .
Outside the United States ( although many institutions and businesses in the United State are starting to use this same address scheme ) , domains usually identify the country in which the system is located , such as . ca for Canada or . fr for France .
Over the last fifteen years , the drafting process has been almost completely computerized because CAD programs have become easier to use and offer a wider array of features .
Over the past decade , the variety of available printing devices has exploded , even though three types of printers have become the most popular : dot matrix , ink jet , and laser .
Over the past twenty years , the evolution in operating systems has made PCs easier to use and understand , more flexible , and more reliable .
Over the years , diskettes have shrunk while their capacity has increased greatly .
Over the years , system clocks have become steadily faster .
OVERVIEW : The Importance of Documents in Our World .
Packets from different networks have different kinds of information in their headers , and the information can be in various formats .
Page layout technicians and print designers .
Page white displays utilize a special technology , called supertwist , to create higher contrasts .
Paint and draw programs have become so sophisticated and simple to use that you really do not need to be an artist to achieve professional - looking results .
Paint programs are bitmap - based graphics programs .
Paint programs have many unusual special effects .
Paint programs include various tools and can be used to add special effects to an image .
Paint programs lay down pixels in a process comparable to covering a floor with tiny mosaic tiles .
Paint programs let you distort a person 's features , break a statue into hundreds of tiles , swirl an image as though it is being pulled into a whirlpool , and much more .
Paint programs range from the very simple ( with only a handful of tools ) to the very complex , with tools that have names like paintbrush , pen , chalk , watercolors , airbrush , crayon , and eraser .
Paint programs work with bitmap images and manage the individual pixels that make up an image .
Paragraph formats include line and paragraph spacing , indents and alignment , borders , and shading .
Paragraph formatting includes settings applied only to one or more entire paragraphs .
Paragraph spacing refers to the amount of space between each paragraph .
Paragraphs can be formatted with borders or shading .
Parallel processing is also called multiprocessing ( MP ) or symmetric multiprocessing ( SMP ) .
Parallel processing is not a new idea in the minicomputer , mainframe , and supercomputer arenas .
Part manager , part creative artist , and part programmer , a sound producer designs and produces all sounds within a product , including musical scores , vocals , voice - overs , and sound effects , and makes sure that each sound interacts correctly with all the other media .
Part of the Pentium 's speed comes from a superscalar architecture , which allows the chip to process more than one instruction in a single clock cycle .
Passive matrix LCD relies on transistors for each row and each column of pixels , thus creating a grid that defines the location of each pixel .
PC buses are designed to match the capabilities of the devices attached to them .
PC Card adapters are also available for desktop computers , enabling them to accept PC Cards .
PC Cards are used for a wide variety of purposes and can house modems , network cards , memory and even fully functioning hard disk drives .
PC hardware was also becoming more graphics - capable , with the advent of high - resolution , high - color monitors and video cards .
PC motherboards have two or more expansion slots , which are extensions of the computer 's bus that provide a way to add new components to the computer .
PC projectors are rapidly gaining in popularity .
PC video cameras , however , digitize images by breaking them into individual pixels .
PCI buses offer data transfer rates of 133 MBps .
PCs are designed so that users can adapt , or configure , the machines to their own particular needs .
PDAs are normally used for special applications , such as taking notes , displaying telephone numbers and addresses , and keeping track of dates or agendas .
Peer - to - peer LANs are commonly set up in small organizations ( fewer than twenty - five nodes ) or in schools , where the primary benefit of a network is shared storage and printers or enhanced communications .
Pen based computers are handy for writing notes or selecting options from menus , but they are not well suited for inputting long text documents because handwriting recognition technology has not yet achieved 100 percent reliability .
Pen based computers are more commonly used for data collection , where the touch of a pen might select a yes or no box or mark a box next to a part that must be ordered or a service that has been requested .
Pen based systems - including many personal digital assistants and other types of handheld computers - use a pen for data input .
People also discovered that they could play long - distance games and socialize with other people who shared their interests .
People are the computer operators , also known as users .
People can shop , pay bills , communicate , play , study , and work online .
People have the same need for data , of course , and maintain their own databases .
People interested in careers relating to networking and data communications must be educated in a wide range of computing and networking .
People long ago discovered that messages are more effective ( that is , the audience understands and remembers them more easily ) when they are presented through a combination of different media .
People often form an opinion about a computer just by looking at the monitor .
People often refer to computer systems by the type of CPU they contain .
People Simply Prefer Paper Documents .
People use these VR simulations in many situations .
People who type a great deal are susceptible to arm and hand fatigue and strain .
Perform other data management tasks .
Perhaps even more than 3 - D design and animation , the World Wide Web has aroused intense curiosity and interest in computer graphics because nearly anyone can create and post a Web page and because the World Wide Web can support many types of graphics .
Perhaps more than other types of computer generated documents , graphics files require users to understand and work with different file formats .
Perhaps the best incentive for small businesses to link computers in a network is to share peripheral devices , especially expensive devices such as high - volume laser printers .
Perhaps the best known is LEXIS - NEXIS , a company that sells access to its two databases .
Perhaps the biggest asset of a DBMS is its ability to provide quick access and retrieval from large databases .
Perhaps the most important is the issue of data compression .
Perhaps the most important thing to remember about RAM is that it is volatile , so it needs a constant supply of power .
Perhaps the most obvious way to deliver multimedia content is on a compact disk .
Perhaps the most unique characteristics of DTP software are prepress controls - that is , its capability to prepare documents for the printing press .
Peripheral devices can be connected to the CPU by way of an expansion bus .
Personal computers are widely used as gaming platforms , challenging long time video game units like the Sony PlayStation and others .
Personal computers can cost anywhere from $ 600 to $ 7,500 , depending on the capabilities and capacity .
Personal computers have brought database management to the desktops of individuals in businesses and homes .
Personal computing devices are getting smaller all the time .
Personal digital assistants ( PDAs ) are among the smallest of portable computers .
Persons who work at call centers or help desks interact with large databases of product and customer information and continuously add and edit information about customer complaints , problems , and suggestions .
Photo - manipulation programs also contain tools that can alter the original image drastically , in effect causing photos to lie .
Photo - manipulation programs are frequently used to correct color and brightness levels in photographs , to apply special effects , and to combine different parts of images seamlessly so they look like a complete image .
Photo - manipulation programs can accomplish some amazing feats .
Photo - manipulation programs work with bitmap images and are widely used to edit digitized photographs .
Photographic images , illustrations , and other types of graphics are indeed protected in the United States , at least by copyright laws that strictly limit the way they can be reused .
Photos are often digitized at special processing labs hat scan the images and save the resulting files in a format called PhotoCD .
Physically , however , hard disks look quite different from diskettes .
Physically , memory consists of chips either on the motherboard or on a small circuit board attached to the motherboard .
Physically , ram consists of some chips on a small circuit board .
Pick a provider , then follow the directories on that site to set up an account .
Pick the options you want and follow the directions to save your selections .
Piecing the work out among themselves , different programmers tackled different aspects of the program , sharing code and ideas over the Internet .
Pixels are discussed more detail in this book , Output Devices .
Planning the overall design is often the longest part of the development process .
Playing an embedded sound file from a slide .
Plotters create large format images , usually for architectural or engineering purposes , using mechanical drawing arms , ink jet technology , or thermal printing technology .
Plug - ins are used to support several types of content , including stream audio and stream video .
Plug - ins such as Shockwave not only make it possible to view animation an the Web but to play interactive games as well .
Plug - ins such as Shockwave provide additional capabilities ; for example , designers can create interactive animation , such as games , that allow the user to interact with the animation and change its direction or outcome .
Plug and Play capabilities were not introduced in subsequent versions of Windows , so users still had to install drivers and configure each piece of hardware manually .
Point to Programs , then double - click the MS - DOS Prompt from the Programs menu .
Point to Programs , then to Accessories , and then to System Tools .
Pointing , however , can slow you down .
Polygonal modelers combine many tiny polygons to build objects - similar to the way one would build a geodesic dome out of many perfectly fitted triangles .
Popular computer - related magazines - such as PC Magazine , PC World , and others - regularly test new drives to measure various performance factors .
Popular DTP software packages include Adobe PageMaker , QuarkXPress , and Adobe FrameMaker , among others .
Popular high - capacity floppy disks include the following :
Popular Internet e - mail programs include Eudora , Microsoft Outlook , and Netscape Messenger , among others .
Popular search engines include About . Com ( http : / / www . about . com / ) , Alta Vista ( http : / / www . altavista . com / ) , Excite ( http : / / www . excite . com / ) .
Popular transitions are the fade ( where the first slide fades out and the next slowly appears ) and the blind ( where the first slide seems to disappear behind a closing Venetian blind and the next slide appears as the blind reopens ) .
Popular utilities range from programs that can organize or compress the files on a disk to programs that help you remove programs you no longer use from your hard disk .
Popular Web browsers also provide editors that enable you to create feature - rich Web pages .
Popular Web sites ( such as those managed by CNN , USA Today , and ESPN ) receive millions of hits or page views every day .
Portable , high - resolution PC projectors are expensive , but they can display slides to a large audience .
Portable computers are rapidly replacing old fashioned slide projectors and overhead projectors as the source of presentations .
Portable PCs run on either rechargeable batteries or standard current .
Portals : Your Own Front Door to The Web .
Powerful photo - manipulation programs can produce sophisticated effects , such as combining multiple images into a seamless whole , hiding parts of an image , creating text , and more .
PowerPC processors are RISC processors .
Practically every application - even if it has nothing to do with words or organized lists - has grown from earlier programs that stored and processed data .
Precise , flexible input devices are essential to professionals who create intricate designs such as buildings , bridges , and satellites .
Predesigned templates make it easy to create professional documents , from business cards to newsletters .
Preemptive multitasking thus has the advantage of being able to carry out higher - priority programs faster than lower - priority programs .
Presentation programs are used to produce a series of slides - single - screen images that contain a combination of text , numbers , and graphics ( such as charts , clip art , or pictures ) , often on a colorful background .
Presentation programs enable the user to create and edit colorful , compelling presentations that can be displayed in various ways and used to support any type of discussion .
Presentation programs enable you to create a series of slides that can be used to support a discussion .
Presentation programs for creating and presenting electronic slide shows .
Presentation programs make it easy to take slides out of sequence or rearrange slides during a presentation .
Presentation programs provide many of the features found in word processors ( for working with text ) , spreadsheets ( for creating charts ) , and paint programs ( for creating and editing simple graphics ) .
Presentation programs provide powerful design tools that make it easy for anyone to outline , create , edit , arrange , and display complex slide presentations .
Presentation programs provide several special features that enable you to add annotations to your slide show , create animations within slides , convert a slide to an HTML document , and more .
Presentation programs provide several types of slides that can hold varying combinations of titles , text , charts , and graphics .
Presentation software is an important tool for anyone who must present information to a group .
Presentation software is most often used for creating sales presentations , although it can be effective for any type of electronic slide show .
Press Page Up to jump to the previous screen ; press Page Down to jump to the next .
Press the up arrow button to move the insertion point to the blank paragraph .
Pressing this key is the same as clicking the Start button on the Windows taskbar .
Pressing this key is the same as right clicking within a Windows application window ( described later in this chapter ) .
Prices of flat panel monitors have fluctuated instead of dropping over time because manufacturers have found it difficult to produce flat panel displays in large numbers .
Print a list of selected records , such as all real estate listings that closed escrow last month .
Print and save the image , if your instructor approves ; then close Paint .
Print media professionals often use large format paper white or page white monitors in their systems .
Print the paper and give a copy to your instructor .
Printed color is the result of light bouncing off the paper , not color transmitted directly from a light source .
Printed documents are essential in many working environments , where people must share reports , budgets , memos , and other types of information .
Printed reference books suffer from page - count and page - size limitations , so they can provide only so much information on a given topic .
Printer speed is measured in the number of pages per minute ( ppm ) the device can print .
Printers and Paper Are Cheap and Plentiful .
Printers fall into two general categories : impact and nonimpact .
Printing is both the biggest blessing and biggest curse of digital photography .
Prior to any standard , there was no guarantee that synthesizers and sequencers from different companies could talk to one another .
Prior to the release of the Pentium II , data buses typically ran at speeds of 66 MHz or less .
Probably , just as many documents are created but never printed .
Probably the most curious new development in handheld technology is the H / PC Pro family of devices .
Processes that describe color in this manner are said to use RGB color .
Processors such as Intel 's Pentium III are somewhat larger .
Professional - grade digital cameras can cost tens of thousands of dollars .
Professional 3 - D designers use sophisticated , expensive 3 - D modeling programs such as 3 - D Studio MAX , Electric Image , SoftImage , Ray Dream Designer , and LightWave 3D .
Professional animators work on all different platforms and use out - of - the - box software as well as sophisticated custom programs that make computer - generated animation seem as realistic as possible .
Professional computer game testers spend a lot of time with a joystick or game pad in hand , making sure the latest games perform as expected .
Professional designers often need high quality , large format hard copies of their designs .
Professional graphic artists and designers typically use workstations made by Sun Microsystems and SGI .
Professional photographers use photo manipulation software to edit blemishes out of their images , to correct color imbalances , to correct red eye , and even to move or erase unwanted parts of an image .
Professional quality , high output systems can range in price from $ 1000 to tens of thousands of dollars .
Professional quality printers , used for creating colorful presentations , posters , or renderings , offer resolutions of 1800 dpi or more .
Professional spreadsheet users also suggest mastering the software 's page layout features and charting capabilities to make your work look polished .
Programmers , Accountants , Bookkeepers .
Programmers are finding all sorts of opportunities in Internet development because Web sites are commonly used to support high - level functions such as interactivity , searches , data mining , and more .
Programmers began devising keyboard shortcuts .
Programmers must know the many differences between operating systems and the way they interact with the architecture of the computer itself .
Programmers write computer programs with built - in instructions - called system calls - that request services from the operating system .
Programming languages , such as Visual Basic , and Java , which allow the user to create new applications .
Programs and data can be written to and erased from RAM as needed .
Programs are electronic instructions that tell the computer how to accomplish certain tasks .
Programs are organized into files as well , but because programs are not considered data , they are not document files .
Programs like Microsoft Outlook and Lotus Organizer help people ( individually and in groups ) manage and coordinate their schedules , set appointments , and manage contacts .
Programs such as Microsoft Access , Corel 's Paradox , and Lotus Approach are popular among individual and small - business database users .
Programs that are currently running will periodically check the operating system to see whether any other programs need the CPU .
Programs that help people accomplish specific tasks are referred to as application software .
Provide two examples of input and output devices .
Provides the instructions to display the on - screen elements with which you interact ; Collectively , these elements are known as the user interface .
Providing resources that let you copy or move data from one document to another , or from one program to another .
Public FTP archives will permit anyone to make copies of their files .
Push the mouse forward across your desk , and the pointer moves up ; push the mouse to the left , and the pointer moves to the left .
Queries are user - constructed statements that set conditions for selecting and manipulating data .
Quicken uses a database to store and manage your personal finances .
Quickly click the Show Details button .
RAID 's capabilities are based on three basic techniques : ( 1 ) mirroring , ( 2 ) striping , and ( 3 ) striping - with - parity .
RAID is a storage system that links any number of disk drives so that they act as a single disk .
RAM can be found in various places in a computer system .
RAM is not just used in conjunction with the computer 's CPU .
Random - access memory ( RAM ) is volatile ( or temporary ) .
Ranges can consist of a group of cells in a column , a row , or even a group that includes several rows and columns .
Rate adaptive DSL ( RADSL ) adjusts the speed based on signal quality .
Rather , these services are provided only for the online services 'subscribers .
Rather , they are connected to smaller networks that connect to the Internet backbone through gateways .
Rather than delivering movies on film or videotape , music on tapes or compact disks , and books on the printed page , different kinds of content can now reach the computer or cable TV box in the same way .
Rather than reserving a fixed amount of bandwidth whether data is being transmitted or not , an ATM network transmits packets , known as cells , that include information about where they should go , what type of data is included , and what order the packets should follow .
Rather than the hard rubber ball used in modern mice , engelbart 's mouse actually used two small wheels , placed perpendicular to one another on the mouse 's underside .
Read - only memory ( ROM ) is nonvolatile ( or permanent ) .
Read heads , which are similar to the heads of a tape recorder or VCR , are used to read data from the disk or write data onto the disk .
Read or write heads contain electromagnets that create magnetic charges on the medium .
Reading data means retrieving the data from the disk 's surface and transferring it into the computer 's memory for use by the operating system or an application program .
Reading the contents of a file from disk into memory .
Real - time communication means communicating with other users in the immediate present .
Realizing that they are no longer under the watch of their supervisor , however , some workers abuse their telecommuting privileges .
RealNetworks first released the RealAudio Player in 1995 , and the program quickly became the standard for playing streaming audio over the Internet .
Recall that in a color monitor there are three dots - one red , one green , and one blue - in every pixel .
Recall that many hard drives have varying numbers of sectors per track , so an average may be used .
Recognizing keystrokes or mouse clicks and displaying characters or graphics on the screen .
Records arranged alphabetically by product name .
Red , green , and blue are known as primary additive colors because they can be combined to create any other color .
Reference books have gone online .
Reformatting erases everything related to the previous operating system and may make installation easier .
Refresh rate is described in more detail later in this lesson .
Regardless of its construction , every CPU has at least two basic parts : the control unit and the arithmetic logic unit .
Regardless of physical size , all of a diskette 's sectors hold the same number of bytes ; that is , the shortest , innermost sectors hold the same amount of data as the longest , outermost sectors .
Regardless of the method used to create them , 3 - D objects can be modified to any shape using electronic tools akin to those used in woodworking .
Regardless of the method you use to project your slides , navigating a slide show is a simple process .
Regardless of the name , the device accepts only valid characters and controls the entry 's display format .
Regardless of the tasks performed by a particular piece of enterprise software , there is a good chance that a database is at the heart of the application .
Regardless of the wiring and topology , each computer on the network still needs a hardware component to control the flow of data .
Regardless of their age or likely location , you may run into these database structures on a PC ; understanding them helps you to see the advantages and disadvantages of the more popular relational model .
Regardless of where you obtain an image , the distributor should be willing and able to provide proof of ownership of the image and to grant or deny permission to use it , regardless of whether a fee is involved .
Regardless of your career choice , you can benefit from a knowledge of computer hardware and software , and how these components function together .
Relational databases are powerful because they can form relationships among different tables .
Relatively few people knew what it was , and even fewer had actually used it .
Remember , cad programs store information about each object in the drawing , including its size and scale .
Remember , each byte in RAM is associated with a number , which is its memory address .
Remember , however , that all programs do not treat font sizes the same .
Remember , the list is growing and options change constantly , so look at several sites before choosing one .
Remember , the monitor is attached to a video controller , which assigns 24 bits to each pixel on a full - color monitor .
Remember , the telephone system was originally designed to carry voice messages , which are analog signals .
Remember that , although newsgroups can be a source of information , there is no fact - checking process for newsgroups .
Remember that computers do not necessarily take the form of a PC , so there is a good chance that your career path will bring you in contact with some type of computer .
Remember that some of the logical operations can be done on text data .
Remember that values and formulas can be used in calculations but labels cannot .
Remember that whenever your browser encounters a graphic in a Web page , it must download the graphic file from the Web server to your disk and then display it on screen .
Remember That Your Words Are Open to Interpretation .
Remember the distinction between storage and memory .
Remember to write down your user name and password .
Remote backup services are a growing trend .
Removable hard disks combine high capacity with the convenience of diskettes .
Removable hard disks range from about 1.25 MBps up into the hard disk range .
Removable high - capacity disks and drives attempt to combine the speed and capacity of a hard disk with the portability of a diskette .
Removable High - Capacity Magnetic Disks .
Rendering each screen required only 4000 bytes of data .
Repeat step D for each item listed under Hard Disk Controllers .
Repeat steps A to E , and select the system 's original color setting .
Repeat steps A to E , and select the system 's original resolution setting .
Repeat steps A to E , this time choosing the highest color setting .
Repeat steps A to E , this time choosing the highest setting .
Repeat the search , specifying . wri , . doc , and . gif as your search criteria ; when you are finished , close the Find : All Files dialog box and the Exploring window .
Report generators can use selected data and criteria to carry out automated mathematical calculations as the report is printed .
Reports are also similar to forms because their layout can be customized with objects representing fields and other controls , as shown in Figure 2.2 .
Reports are user - generated sets of data usually printed as a document .
Reports can range from simple lists of records to customized formats for specific purposes , such as invoices .
Reputable e - commerce Web sites ( especially those run by well - known companies ) use sophisticated measures to ensure that customer information cannot fall into the hands of criminals .
Researchers are already answering that question , developing complete computer systems not much larger than a match head and chemical - based transistors so tiny that they function on the molecular level .
Resizing is easy using frames that surround most of the elements in a slide .
Resources on the local computer , as well as resources on remote servers , can be configured to limit access to specific users and groups of users .
Restaurants , grocery stores , and retail outlet managers use computer systems of all kinds from handheld units to mainframes to monitor inventories , track transactions , and manage product pricing .
Retrieve content from the Internet as though it were just another disk on your computer .
Return the slider to its original position .
Review the program 's interface closely and identify the title bar , menu bar , toolbars , rulers , scroll bars , status bar , and insertion point .
Review the settings and write them down .
Review the templates and their basic appearance .
Right click the printer 's icon to open a shortcut menu .
RISC CPUs are also found in printers and other devices that have their own internal CPUs .
RISC instruction sets are considerably smaller than those used by CISC processors .
RISC processors are found in Apple microcomputers , some workstations , and many minicomputers and mainframe systems .
RISC technology has been the engine of midsize computers such as the IBM RS / 6000 and high - end UNIX workstations such as those built by Sun Microsystems , Hewlett - Packard , and NCR .
ROM is a form of flash memory used in PCs .
Sales and marketing are taking on new meaning in the age of multimedia .
Sales and marketing professional , instructors , and seminar leaders .
Sales and marketing professionals , for example , maintain several stock presentations that they can customize for different clients or products .
Sales representatives and instructors , for example , frequently present slide shows to provide information for customers , students , or coworkers .
Saving the contents of files to a disk for permanent storage .
Scan rates differ for televisions and PCs , and a converter must compromise between those rates .
Scanners are handy for entering text from a printed source , as is required when old documents must be transcribed to disk .
Scanners come in a range of sizes , from handheld models to flatbed scanners that sit on a desktop .
Scanners enable the user to digitize hard - copy images such as photographs so they can be stored and edited in a computer .
Scheduling has been expanded to enable Windows 98 to automatically perform routine maintenance such as disk scanning and repair and to optimize the system in the background .
Scientists and engineers frequently build models of complex processes , then simulate the processes on a super - computer .
Scientists estimate there are from 80,000 to 100,000 human genes , made up of more than 3 billion chemical bases .
Scientists foresee stitching these molecules together to create supercomputers that can sit in the palm of your hand .
Screen savers are popular utilities , although they serve little purpose other than to hide what would otherwise be displayed on the screen .
Screen savers display a constantly moving image on the screen and were originally created to prevent constantly displayed images from burning into the monitor .
Scroll bars help you navigate a large worksheet , and at the bottom of the window , a status bar tells you specific information about the worksheet .
Scroll through this Web page , then click a link to any radio station listed .
SCSI - 2 began by supporting transfer rates up to 5 MBps .
SCSI - 3 raised the ante again to 40 MBps .
SCSI , MIDI , and Other Specialized Expansion Ports .
SCSI devices are considerably more expensive than non - SCSI devices .
SCSI is a faster , more flexible drive - interface standard found in high - performance computers .
SCSI was originally developed as a way to connect third - party peripheral devices to mainframe computers - specifically , ibm mainframe computers .
SCSI went through many transformations before the American National Standards Institute ( ANSI ) established a definition for the interface in 198 .
Search for information on the following topics : super - computers , the Beatles and Greenpeace .
Second , if printed documents are not archived , they are discarded , adding to the world 's solid waste problems .
Second , multi - user installation and configuration can be time - and labor - intensive and maintaining many separate installations of a program is an ongoing expense .
Second , photocd software makes it easy to view and select photos quickly from disk .
Second , the OS would be completely open ; any - one could contribute to its development and adapt or change its code , as long as they made their innovations public and did not take credit for anyone else 's work .
Second , Windows 95 , like Windows NT , offers preemptive multitasking and not the less efficient cooperative multitasking of Windows 3.1 and the Macintosh .
Secretaries , Clerks , Data - Entry Specialists , and Telemarketers .
Secretaries , Transcriptionists , Writers .
Secretaries , Writers , Journalists , Teachers , and Sales Professionals .
Select an entire paragraph and use the alignment tools to change its alignment .
Select different words , lines , and paragraphs and practice using other tools such as a Font tool , a Font size tool , Italic , and Underline .
Select each adapter in turn , and click Properties to display the Properties dialog box .
Select the data you want to chart , select a chart type ( bar chart , line chart , pie chart , or scatter chart , for example ) , and set the desired chart options .
Select the word again and click the Bold tool to turn off the effect .
Select two or more paragraphs and use the Bullet and Numbering tools .
Selecting a graphic to insert into a slide .
Seminar - based courses can take weeks or months to complete and cost hundreds or thousands of dollars .
Sending a document to the printer and activating the printer .
SEQUEL , and its later variant SQL , are English - like query languages that allow the user to query a database without knowing much about the underlying database structure .
Sequencers may be hardware , similar to a traditional studio soundboard , or they may be software within a computer .
Serial access is inherently slower than the direct access provided by media such as disks .
Serif fonts have decorative lines and curls at the ends of strokes .
Setting up a data warehouse is much more complicated than simply dumping all kinds of data into one storage place .
Several computer manufacturers now offer another spacesaving pointing device , consisting of a small joystick positioned near the middle of the keyboard , typically between the G and H keys .
Several disk errors can occur and harm the disk 's performance and cause data loss .
Several ergonomically correct keyboards are available to help users prevent hand and wrist injuries .
Several generic terms have emerged for this device ; many manufacturers refer to it as an integrated pointing device , while others call it a 3 D point stick .
Several other types of special printing devices are available for users with special needs , such as large format printouts or images with extremely accurate color and high resolution .
Several PC - based database management products are available , but if you work for a large corporation , chances are you will use an enterprise application based on a large - scale DBMS .
Several programs such as LiquidAudio and RealPlayer are available for this purpose , but Media Player is built into Windows .
Several text - based Web browsers are also available and are used in non - GUI operating systems , such as certain versions of UNIX .
Several versions of the RealPlayer are available .
Several versions of Windows 2000 are available , each targeting a specific user or computing environment .
Several VRML plug - ins are available free , including Live3D , Cosmo Player , and others .
Several Web sites allow you to download copyrighted music legally .
Shaded backgrounds provide depth and can make static information appear dynamic ; A gradient fill , as shown in Figure 1.9 , changes color as it moves from one part of the slide to another .
Shading consists of a pattern or color that is displayed as a background to the text in a paragraph .
Shareware versions of products like PaintShop Pro are popular because they provide professional - quality features at low cost .
Sharing a laser printer on a network makes the cost much less prohibitive and also centralizes management of the printer .
Sheets of paper are joined , end to end , with perforations between sheets .
Shift also acts as a modifier key on some programs .
Shockwave is part of a suite of products that allows developers to add multimedia content ( such as audio , video , and animation ) to Web pages .
Shortly after the Pentium III 's release , intel announced a 133 MHz bus , further improving the Pentium III 's overall performance .
Should businesses and government agencies be allowed to keep this data permanently ?
Should every PC be accessible to everyone , whether they have physical impairments or not ?
Should this type of retouching be regulated , or do you see it as harmless ? Support your position .
Should we restrain our urge to increase the pace of life ?
Shrikumar 's creation - named iPic - was not the first tiny microcomputer , but it proved that small computing devices can be made affordably and with enough power to perform various applications .
Shrikumar envisions a home or workplace where all electronic appliances are networked together and all are controlled through a customized Web page .
Similar holographic techniques and crystals will be used to store terabytes of data in devices the size of sugar cubes .
Similarity , editors should know how to work with HTML documents and how to deliver these pages to an Internet site for publication .
Similarly , a parallel interface is a connection of eight or more wires through which data bits can flow simultaneously .
Similarly , architects and engineers now do most of their design and rendering work on computers - even though many were trained in traditional paper - based drafting methods .
Similarly , dos and all the varieties of Windows work only on IBM - compatible computers ( although they can be run on PowerPC computers with a special dedicated section of the hard drive ) .
Similarly , internet services such as FTP and newsgroups enable users to find , download , and exchange files of all types quickly , including graphics .
Similarly , live reports of the coup attempt against Boris Yeltsin in September 1993 were communicated by Moscow IRC .
Similarly , many draw programs can scale objects - increasing or reducing size by a certain factor or in relation to other objects in the drawing .
Similarly , owning some graphics software cannot make you an artist .
Similarly , products such as Macromedia 's Shockwave , which helps developers incorporate interactive animation into multimedia products and Web pages , are increasingly common in content development .
Similarly , the set of fields in any one table provides a sensible definition of the database for those who must access its data .
Simple , one - dimensional content is no longer acceptable to most of us .
Simply by clicking and dragging in a draw program , you can change a circle into an oval .
Simply by using text to underscore the important points of a spoken message , you incorporate two unique media .
Simply put , a macro is a list of commands , keystrokes , or other actions that has been saved and given a name .
Simply put , if a song has been published , then it is copyrighted and a person or company owns the rights to it .
Simply stated , the higher a medium 's bandwidth , the more data it can transmit at any given time .
Simply stated , the process of creating multimedia is complex and can take months or even years of effort by many people .
Simulations of Real Things That Do Not Exist .
Since 1978 ,intel 's processors have evolved from the 8086 and the 8088 to the 80286,80386 , and 80486 , and then to the Pentium family of processors ( which includes the Pentium , Pentium Pro , pentium with MMX , Pentium II , Pentium III , Celeron , and Xeon processors ) 
Since 1981 , all IBM personal computers and compatibles based on IBM 's design have been created around Intel 's chips .
Since 1994 , thousands of companies and individuals have created electronic documents that can be accessed on the part of the Internet known as the World Wide Web .
Since 1996 , nearly all IBM compatible keyboards include two additional special purpose keys designed to work with Windows operating systems .
Since data truly is the lifeblood of a corporation , then you can think of the corporation 's data storage system as its heart .
Since even the most sophisticated graphics program cannot perform all the operations that may be required for some types of graphics , designers frequently use more than one of the five major categories of graphics software to achieve their goals .
Since PCs use a noninterlaced picture while televisions use interlacing , the conversion of one to the other may result in an image that flickers .
Since the creation of filmmaking , animation was possible only through a painstaking process of hand - drawing a series of images ( called cells ) , as shown in Figure 2.17 , and then filming them one by one .
Since the development of the MIDI standards , midi has grown to include controls for many types of equipment .
Since the first PC - based multimedia products appeared , developers and programmers have worked ceaselessly to create new technologies that will allow graphics , audio , video , and user feedback to work more seamlessly .
Since the late 1980s , cache memory has been built into most PC CPUs .
Since the mid - 1990s , all PC operating systems have been able to multitask , which is a computer 's version of being able to walk and chew gum at the same time .
Since the mid - 1990s , many new types of small personal computing devices have been introduced , and all fall under the category of handheld personal computers ( H / PCs ) .
Since the mid - 1990s , nearly all new PCs have been sold with a built - in CD - ROM drive .
Since then , midi has been adapted to the personal computer .
Since then , the definition of SCSI continued to evolve into SCSI - 2 , Wide SCSI , Fast SCSI , Fast Wide SCSI , Ultra SCSI , SCSI - 3 ( also known as Ultra - Wide SCSI ) , Ultra 2 SCSI , and Wide Ultra 2 SCSI .
Single - user minicomputers are commonly applied to sophisticated design tasks , such as animation and video editing .
Single color ( black ) laser printers typically can produce between four and sixteen pages of text a minute .
Sites like www . MaMaMedia . com / enable kids to create stories and puzzles , participate in problem - solving activities , and share their creations with one another .
Sites such as Microsoft 's Encarta and Encarta Deluxe ( www . encarta . com / ) , Britannica Online ( www . britannica . com / ) , and Compton 's Encyclopedia Online ( www . comptons . com / ) provide all the articles you would expect to find , along with graphics , audio and video , links to relevant sites , search tools , and more .
Skills that involve application of the computer to specific tasks ( such as desktop publishing or database management ) are highly valued .
Slide presentations can be full - fledged multimedia events .
Slides can be formatted with different fonts , colors , backgrounds , and borders .
Slides can be simple or sophisticated .
Slides can include different types of text , charts , tables , and graphics .
Small - business owners can use a wide range of software programs to simplify everything from sales to accounting .
Small businesses often establish connections to the Internet , enabling users to browse the World Wide Web and exchange e - mail .
Small Computer System Interface ( SCSI ) is an older standard for extending the bus to multiple devices through a single port .
SMP is a protocol that allows the operating system and applications to run on multiple processors at the same time , improving performance on huge jobs .
Snapshot printers are fairly slow , and they can be more expensive to operate than standard ink jet or laser printers .
Snapshot printers are popular among users who own digital cameras .
Snapshot printers are popular for printing digital photographs .
Snapshot printers are specialized , small format printers used to print small color photographs .
Snapshot printers can be found for $ 400 to $ 500 , and the cost per print ranges from fifty cents to a dollar ( several times more expensive than traditional film processing ) .
Snapshot printers work slowly ( a printout can take between two and four minutes , on average ) and generally create prints no larger than a standard 4 by 6 inch snapshot .
So , for example , the letter M uses more horizontal space than I does .
So , if you use a color ink jet printer with a resolution of 300 - 600 dpi , that 's as good as your images will look .
So , supply seldom meets consumer demands .
So it is accurate to say that a Macintosh such as the iMac , is a personal computer .
So it is important to have a basic understanding of computer technology , which is what this book is about .
So it is possible that , in a business or educational environment , you might run into enterprise software , particularly if a network is used .
Software , also known as programs , consists of organized sets of instructions for controlling the computer .
Software designers try to design the icons so that they look like what they represent , thus making it easy to identify the icon you need .
Software developers help drive the need for larger , faster storage devices .
Software engineering is one of the fastest growing careers in the computer industry .
Software engineers and programmers must know how to optimize their program to take advantage of the CPU architecture and the RAM that a computer uses .
Software engineers design , develop , and test these applications .
Software engineers use two methods to develop multitasking operating systems .
Software is a set of electronic instructions consisting of complex codes ( also known as programs ) that make the computer perform tasks .
Software is abundant for these devices , most of which are Internet - capable and can connect to a full - size computer to exchange data .
Software makers call the colored area you see on screen the desktop because they want you to think of it as just like the surface of a desk .
Software packages came with long lists of commands , all of which had to be entered at the keyboard .
Solid modelers use the same technique as surface modelers but also understand thickness and density , this capability can be important if you need to punch a hole through an electronic object .
Some adapters also do a significant amount of data processing .
Some allow you to look up phrases as well as single words .
Some also provide prerecorded programming .
Some applications appeared as nearly blank , text - only screens ; to issue commands , you had to memorize keystrokes or use function keys .
Some are more efficient than others and therefore can transmit data faster .
Some areas of the disk reflect the laser light into a sensor , and other areas scatter the light .
Some cable systems provide pay - per - view services by telephone only ( for instance you can call and order a recently released movie ) , which is not exactly interactive .
Some cameras use a standard 3.5 - inch floppy disk for storage .
Some commands are used so frequently they have keyboard shortcuts that bypass the menu system altogether .
Some commercially developed software uses a DBMS to store the data relevant to that software .
Some companies are developing computers with 256,512 , and even thousands of microprocessors , known as massively parallel processors ( MPP ) .
Some computer makers refer to pen based systems as touch screen systems because the user touches the screen with a pen .
Some content must continue to exist in a linear fashion , at least for part of the time .
Some database systems provide special windows or forms for creating queries .
Some designers and draw programs use the term entity rather than object , but the concept is the same .
Some disks are built into the drive and are not meant to be removed ; other kinds of drives enable you to remove and replace disks .
Some DL sites provide Web - based learning , CD - ROM instruction , and live classroom instruction available over television broadcast .
Some drive manufacturers and dealers advertise their drives 'data transfer rates in units of megabytes per second ( MBps ) ; others express them in megabits per second ( Mbps ) .
Some DSL services also enable simultaneous data , voice , and fax transmission on the same line .
Some e - books feature built - in dictionaries and let you annotate and search the online content .
Some examples are the dinosaur in Godzilla , the space ships in Galaxy Quest , and the eerie landscapes of The Matrix .
Some expansion bases also feature built - in networking cards so one is not required in the notebook computer .
Some experienced users of command - line interfaces argue that they are simpler and faster , and provide better information than GUI operating systems .
Some favorite compression programs for PCs include PKZIP , WinZip , and DriveSpace 3 ( DriveSpace 3 is part of the Windows 98 operating system ) .
Some features of Windows 2000 include the following .
Some fonts can be downloaded from various Web sites at no cost .
Some functions are simple , such as the COUNT function , which counts how many values are in a range of cells .
Some graphics applications are available only for workstations .
Some graphics pirates believe that by making a small change to an image ( such as adding a name or logo ) , they are making it their personal property .
Some graphics programs are specially designed to work with electronic photographs , while others excel at manipulating line drawings or text .
Some H / PCs feature small keyboards , which are handy for tapping out quick notes .
Some hubs - known as intelligent hubs - can monitor traffic and help prevent collisions .
Some important kinds of application software are word processing programs , spreadsheets , database management software , presentation programs , graphics programs , multimedia authoring applications , entertainment and education software , web design tools and Web browsers .
Some joystick users actually prefer using a joystick rather than a mouse with some business applications .
Some large institutions and corporations divide their domain addresses into smaller subdomains .
Some manufacturers also rate the speed of their system buses in megahertz .
Some memory chips always retain the data they hold , even when the computer is turned off .
Some mice can have three or more buttons .
Some models even break in half to reveal a miniature keyboard .
Some MPP systems use thousands of processors simultaneously .
Some multimedia authoring programs provide facilities for drawing and organizing the frames of a storyboard , and stand - alone storyboard programs are available .
Some network computers are designed to be connected only to the Internet or to an intranet .
Some networks use servers ( server - based networks ) and some do not ( peer - to - peer networks ) .
Some new - generation cellular phones rival computers in their features .
Some new cellular phones are doubling as miniature PCs .
Some new high - performance hard disks can spin as fast as 10,000 rpm .
Some new PCs , especially higher - end laptops , have TV - Out plugs as a standard feature .
Some newer microprocessors include multiple chips and are encased in their own cover , which fits into a special socket on the motherboard .
Some newer PCs come stuffed with all the RAM they can hold , making it difficult to upgrade .
Some notebook models feature a built in trackpad rather than a mouse or trackball .
Some notebook systems are designed to be plugged into a docking station ( also called an expansion base , as shown in Figure 2.9 ) , which may include a large monitor , a full - size keyboard and mouse , or other devices such as an additional hard drive or backup tape unit .
Some observers think that future operating systems will be able to update themselves automatically , without first notifying the user .
Some of the best known are called ISDN , T1 , and T .
Some of the jobs in this field include designing and implementing networks , setting up and managing users ' accounts , installing and updating network software and applications , and backing up the network .
Some of the largest domains , such as American Online ( aol . com ) may have millions of different users , each with his or her own user name .
Some of the major accessibility products can be categorized as follows .
Some of the major categories of utilities include file defragmentation utilities , data compression programs , backup utilities , antivirus programs , and screen savers .
Some of the major categories of utilities include file defragmentation utilities , data compression programs , backup utilities , antivirus programs , and screen savers .
Some of the most common protocols in use today include the following .
Some of the most exciting changes in computer hardware over the next few years are likely to occur in the area of storage technology .
Some of the most powerful CAD tools - such as Pro / ENGINEER by Parametric Technology Corp . ; AutoCAD by Autodesk , Inc . ; and MicroStation by Bentley Systems , Inc . - are available for the PC , workstation , and even larger - scale platforms .
Some of the most sophisticated design and illustration tools were originally created specifically for the Macintosh platform .
Some of these structures are older than the relational model and are more commonly used on mainframe systems , while others are new .
Some of these systems are not much larger than a checkbook .
Some offer full degrees over the Internet , although the best solution for using DL is combining DL techniques with conventional classroom experiences .
Some older operating systems , such as DOS and UNIX , use command - line interfaces , which the user controls by typing commands at a prompt .
Some operating systems , such as Windows , enable programs to share information .
Some organizations routinely ship their media to a distant location , such as a home office or a commercial warehouse , or store them in weather - and fireproof vaults .
Some other services that an operating system provides to programs , in addition to listing files , are as follows .
Some packages can accurately recognize 80 percent of spoken words .
Some PC Card adapters can hold multiple cards , greatly expanding the capabilities of the small computer .
Some PC projectors can be converted from still video ( slide ) mode to full video ( animation ) mode , to display output from a VCR or DVD drive .
Some people believe Apple 's management team stole the mouse - or at least bought it for a song - from its creators at the Xerox Corporation 's Palo Alto Research Center ( PARC ) in the early 1980s .
Some people claim that when computers can understand handwriting and speech , typing will become unnecessary .
Some people feel that banks and credit agencies thus profit by selling individuals ' private information , leading to an erosion of personal privacy .
Some plasma displays are big enough to be hung on a wall and used like a large screen television .
Some players act as a plug - in to your Web browser ; others run as stand - alone programs .
Some portals even provide streaming multimedia content , such as sound bites , music videos , or new clips .
Some powerful computer systems use hundreds or even thousands of separate processing units .
Some processors retire the instructions after they have been executed and collect the results in the proper order .
Some products call these controls masks ; others call them pictures or field formats .
Some professions require the computer user to enter endless streams of text .
Some programs allow you to change media with a mouse click , turning your paintbrush into a chalk or a crayon or giving your smooth canvas a texture like rice paper or an eggshell .
Some programs exist primarily for the computer 's use and help the computer perform and manage its own tasks .
Some say that this access is partly to blame for our numbers - oriented society , where companies are run by numbers with little apparent regard for issues like product quality , customer satisfaction , or loyalty to employees .
Some service will also cancel your account if you do not use it for a given amount of time .
Some software designed for networks is classified as groupware .
Some solutions use infrared technology while others use some form of radio transmission such as spread - spectrum technology .
Some special features found in presentation programs include the following .
Some special keyboards feature built in trackpads .
Some specialized careers may require you to master - or at least understand - several operating systems .
Some supercomputers - such as the Cray T90 system - can house thousands of processors .
Some systems notify the recipient as each message arrives by flashing a message on the computer screen or by beeping .
Some tablets work with an electronic light pen rather than a puck .
Some telephone companies now offer BRI service in some locations - especially in large metropolitan areas .
Some topics include separate newsgroups for related subtopics , such as alt . food . chocolate .
Some trackballs are large and heavy , with a ball about the same size as a cue ball .
Some trackballs are not even attached to the computer and act like a remote control for the pointer , as shown in Figure 1.12 .
Some trackpads are strike sensitive which means what ?
Some trackpads are also strike sensitive , meaning you can tap the pad with your fingertip instead of using the buttons .
Some twisted pair wire is also encased in a metal sheath and therefore is called shielded twisted pair ( STP ) wire .
Some types of graphics programs work with bitmaps ; others work with vectors .
Some types of hardware can act as both input and output devices .
Some types of NCs can store and run an operating system and applications locally but not to the extent that a full - fledged PC can .
Some types of network computers provide no storage at all .
Some typing experts support the DVORAK keyboard layout .
Some United State institutions such as colleges and elementary schools use the same expanded address scheme .
Some use standard telephone lines , but others include a cellular phone , which enables completely wireless transmissions .
Some users are entitled only to read data stored on a shared device .
Some users just prefer the feel of a trackball over a mouse .
Some users may be allowed to open shared files from the network server and to make changes to those files .
Some users prefer a standard 101 key keyboard , while others prefer ergonomically correct keyboards that fit the position of the hand , wrist , and forearm more naturally while typing .
Some vendors let you download free trial versions or shareware versions of their applications .
Someday , bus speeds may be matched to processor speed .
Someday , perhaps sooner than you think , you may not be able to imagine living without computer skills .
Sometimes , a geographic domain address will also include a subdomain that identifies the district within the larger domain .
Sometimes , however , modem communication can be half - duplex , which means that data can be sent in both directions but only one direction at a time .
Sometimes it is necessary to resize text boxes , too , if you type more or less text than the box can hold by default .
Sometimes network media are compared by the amount of data they can transmit each second .
Sometimes the best way to determine a font 's true size ( and relation to other fonts on a page ) is to print a document .
Sometimes the developers add commands ; other times they limit the commands or some of the command options .
Sometimes the tool is simply a matter of choice .
Sometimes these applications look very much like the DBMS that drives them , as in inventory management programs ; other times the underlying database is mostly hidden , as in order entry or facilities management systems .
Sometimes this common arrangement is called the QWERTY layout because the first six keys on the top row of letters are Q , W , E , R , T , and Y .
Sometimes viewing the entire table is unwieldy because there are too many entries .
Sometimes you do not want the formulas to change when you copy them .
Sometimes you drag an icon to another icon to perform an action .
Sometimes you will see a specialized phone book that is sorted not only by last name , but by other items such as phone number or street address .
Somewhere between multi - user midrange computers and personal computers are workstations .
Somewhere in a computer system , there is almost always a bottleneck in the bandwidth .
Soon after the first links in ARPANET ( as this early system was called ) were in place , the engineers and scientists who had access to this system began exchanging messages and data that were beyond the scope of the Defense Department 's original objectives .
Soon after the introduction of the PC , users recognized the value of trading data and software over telephone lines .
Sophisticated worksheets that draw data from many different sources may use dozens or even hundreds of formulas containing cell references .
Sort thousands of addresses by ZIP Code prior to a bulk mailing .
Sorting arranges records according to the contents of one or more fields .
Sorting arranges records in a table according to specific criteria .
Sorting the data - that is , arranging or reordering the database 's records .
Sound , such as the human voice , is one type of medium , and for centuries before written language came into widespread use , speech was the primary way of exchanging information .
Sound cards can also translate digital sounds back into analog signals that can then be sent to the speakers .
Sound editing programs provide a miniature sound studio , allowing you to view the sound wave and edit it .
Sound is defined as air pressure varying over time .
Spam is the online equivalent of junk mail - uninvited messages , usually of a commercial nature .
Speakers are common features on today 's multimedia PCs .
Speakers often prepare a set of notes ( called annotations ) to accompany their slides .
Special DVORAK keyboards are available for computer systems but they are not standard equipment .
Special equipment is required to cut the cable and install connectors ; as a result , fiber - optic line can be difficult to splice .
Special Features of Presentation Programs .
SPECIAL FEATURES OF WORD PROCESSING SOFTWARE .
Special hardware or software may be required to decode compressed files of certain types .
Special services like WebTV enable users to access program listings , set reminders to tune in , and more .
Special software enables contractors to use this database information to create cost estimates and schedules .
Special video controllers - designed for use with large monitors or for fast , full motion video - may have as much 32 MB of on board RAM and support resolutions up to 1900 x 1200 .
Special videoconferencing software such as CU - SeeMe enables two users to conduct a point - to - point videoconference , or allows three or more users to conduct a multipoint videoconference .
Specialized software can convert standard PC keyboards to Braille input devices .
Specifically , engelbart 's group was looking for ways to use computer systems to help people solve complex problems .
Specifically , the USB standard provides the following advantages over traditional expansion bus designs .
Specifically , three types of tools free you from learning to use HTML tags on manually embedding them in documents .
Specifying the field type requires knowledge of what kind of data the DBMS can understand .
Speech is the most basic and universal medium for communicating thoughts and ideas .
Speech recognition programs usually require the use of a noise canceling microphone ( a microphone that filters out background noise ) .
Speech recognition software has been used in commercial applications for years but traditionally has been extremely costly , as well as difficult to develop and use .
Speech recognition software takes the smallest individual sounds in a language , called phonemes , and translates them into text or commands .
Speech recognition systems are becoming increasingly popular among professionals who type a great deal .
Speeds are expressed as a rate , or as some amount of data per unit of time .
Speeds for hard disks are generally high , from about 15 MBps for low end home systems to 80 MBps and higher for the faster drives designed for high - performance workstations and servers .
Spline - based modelers build objects , either surface or solid , using mathematically defined curves that are rotated on an axis to form a 3 - D shape .
Spoken input is used most often in multimedia , where the presentation can benefit from narration .
Spreadsheet formulas recalculate automatically if any of their base data changes .
Spreadsheet programs also let you create colorful charts from your data .
Spreadsheet programs are designed to work with numbers and are used in business to create budgets , payrolls , and analytical documents .
Spreadsheet programs make it easy to create charts and provide lots of options for doing so .
Spreadsheet programs make it easy to move , copy , or delete the contents of cells .
Spreadsheet programs offer numerous formats specifically for numbers .
Spreadsheet programs provide charting tools , which let you create graphical representations of your data .
Spreadsheet programs provide many of the same text - formatting features found in word processors .
Spreadsheet programs provide tools for working with numerical data , leading spreadsheet programs include Microsoft Excel , Corel Quattro Pro , and Lotus 1 - 2 - 3 .
Spreadsheet users generally set up their information to display in a classic row - and - column format .
Spreadsheets are useful for analyzing your data .
Spreadsheets can also use dates in performing calculations .
Spreadsheets can work with whole numbers , decimals , negative numbers , currency , and other types of values , including scientific notation .
Spreadsheets come with many built - in formulas , called functions , that perform specialized calculations automatically .
Spreadsheets for creating numeric - based documents such as budgets or balance sheets .
Spreadsheets give us fast access to numerical data and analysis .
Spreadsheets have a wide range of uses - from family budgets to corporate earnings statements .
Spreadsheets help managers tackle crucial financial tasks .
Spreadsheets make it simple to perform calculations on a set of numbers .
Spreadsheets provide many of the same formatting tools found in word processors .
SRAM is also considerably faster than DRAM .
Standard CD - ROM disks can store up to 650 MB ; Once data is written to the disk , it cannot be changed .
Standard compact disks and CD - ROM drives are beginning to be replaced on computer systems by digital video disk read - only memory ( DVD - ROM ) , also called digital video disk or digital versatile disk .
Standard PCs typically include a fast CD - ROM or DVD - ROM drive , sound card with speakers and a microphone , a fast graphics card , and special ports for one or more game controllers .
Standard RAM is volatile ; when power to the PC is lost , all data currently stored in RAM is lost .
Standard storage devices on most new computers include : a hard disk , a floppy disk drive , and either a CD - ROM or DVD - ROM drive .
Start with the basics and work your way up .
Starting with the PC 97 standard , the group published sets of minimum configuration requirements for new PCs .
Static RAM ( SRAM ) , on the other hand , does not need to be refreshed as often and can hold its contents longer than dynamic RAM .
Steps in a tutorial or a carefully crafted story , for example , must be told in an unalterable sequence for accuracy or the most dramatic impact .
Still , a keyboard can hold only so many keys , and the lists of keyboard shortcuts started to become unmanageable .
Still , the goal is a worthwhile one .
Still , the Mac remains the first choice of many publishers , multimedia developers , graphic artists , and schools .
Still , they give digital photography enthusiasts a way to print and display their photos in hard copy form .
Still , this process is much simpler than the one required prior to Plug and Play technology , which usually forced the user to manually resolve conflicts between the new hardware and other components .
Storage capacity has also become a concern as consumers demand more features and capabilities from their multimedia products .
Storage devices can be categorized as magnetic or optical .
Storage devices hold data not currently being used by the CPU .
Storage involves the processes of writing data to the storage medium and reading data from the storage medium .
Storage is very slow compared to memory , but it is much cheaper than memory .
Store managers frequently use portable devices to check stock levels and to change prices .
Streaming capabilities are essential to many types of multimedia Web sites , such as the CNN and Weather Channel sites , which broadcast their programming live over the Internet .
Streaming technologies and faster Internet connections enable Web sites to offer various interactive , multimedia products such as music videos on demand .
Streaming technology works by sending the audio or video content in a continuous stream .
Strictly speaking , vectors are lines drawn from one point to another , as shown in Figure 1. .
Striping - with - parity provides the speed of striping with the reliability of mirroring .
Striping alone , however , does not provide backup if one of the disks in an array fails .
Striping provides the user with a speedy response by spreading data across several disks .
Students and teachers have flocked to Linux not just for its technical advances but to participate in the global community that has built up around the operating system .
StuffIT is a favorite compression utility among Macintosh enthusiasts .
Subscriptions with unlimited hours are also available .
Such online outlets provide a service to the music industry by making free samples available and advertising the work of new and established artists .
Such an entry might be a person 's name , a company 's name , an address , a phone number , or any other textual data .
Such an outline can take many forms , depending on the type of product to be developed .
Such computers could take innumerable forms , and they could perform countless functions .
Such devices include pucks , which are special mice that feature multiple buttons and a crosshair sight that helps the user position the crosshair accurately on a digitizing tablet .
Such drives enable users to create their own CD - ROM disks and to play standard audio and data compact disks .
Such features enable either to create content for the Internet ot to access content from the Internet .
Such features quickly made even die - hard DOS enthusiasts envious and led Microsoft to develop the Windows operating environment for the IBM - compatible market .
Such forms enable you to create a database query , such as What is the status of the package whose tracking number is 812371566015 ?
Such graphics include simple items like bullets and horizontal rules , more complicated images such as logos , and complex artwork and photographs .
Such hard disks are described as having an average of x sectors per track .
Such networks use gateways that convert commands and data to and from TCP / IP format .
Such organizations require sophisticated systems to accommodate their data management needs .
Such phones enable the user to check and send e - mail and faxes over the phone .
Such programs are essential in document design , web site design , multimedia authoring , and game and movie production .
Such programs offer the following features .
Such prudence may seem extreme , but where crucial records are at stake , backups can mean the life or death of a business .
Such systems are used by cross - town delivery services and by national carriers such as Federal Express .
Such utilities add functions that are almost like adding new software programs to your word processor .
Sun Microsystems also produces a RISC processor , known as SPARC , which it uses in its UNIX workstations .
Supercomputers are also being used to map the human genome , or DNA structure .
Supercomputers are the most powerful computers in terms of processing .
Supercomputers are the most powerful computers made , and physically they are some of the largest .
Supercomputers are the most powerful computers made .
Supercomputers can cost tens of millions of dollars and consume enough electricity to power dozens of homes .
Supercomputing resources are often shared to give researchers access to these precious machines .
SuperDisk drives are compatible with high - density 3.5 - inch diskettes .
Suppose , for example , that someone calls you at your office accidentally , intending to call one of your coworkers .
Suppose , for example , that the manager of a real estate office wants to calculate the commissions paid to agents over a specific time period .
Suppose , for example , that you are giving a presentation but some people cannot attend .
Suppose , for example , that you are using a word processor to write a long report that contains many full - paragraph quotations .
Suppose , for example , that you request data from a server in another state .
Suppose that you are responsible for computerizing a gourmet restaurant 's order entering system .
Suppose that you were asked to give a presentation on a subject you understand well .
Suppose that your class is actually one department within a medium - size company .
Suppose that your employer has asked you to create a business proposal for a new department .
Suppose you are in the market for a CD - ReWritable drive , which you want to add to your computer system .
Suppose you think you are using a word incorrectly or want to find a different word with a similar meaning .
Suppose you want to back up the hard disk on your home computer , but you do not want to research , purchase , and set up a backup system .
Surface modelers build objects by stretching a surface - like a skin - over an underlying wireframe structure .
Switch to the word processor and issue the Paste command .
Switch to the word processor so that it becomes the active application .
Symmetric DSL ( SDSL ) , a version of HDSL , uses a single pair of wires and provides slower transfer rates than HDSL .
System administrators who were responsible for everything from hardware maintenance to employee training quickly realized that a high level of special expertise was required to run business networks .
Table 1.1 shows the kinds of online activities people were almost commonly engaged in as of July 1999 .
Table 1.2 lists the most common types of Internet domains used within the United States .
Table 1.2 shows the first 128 ASCII codes .
Table 1.2 shows the process the computer follows at startup .
Table 1.3 shows the symbols for all the arithmetic and logical operation .
Table 1.4 lists a few of the most popular search engines on the Web .
Table 1.5 lists the major Usenet domains .
Table 2.1 lists the most well - known varieties of xDSL and their basic capacities .
Table 2.1 summarizes the various DSL transmission rates and distances .
Table 2.2 lists some of the most common firewall methodologies .
Table plotters ( or flatbed plotters ) use two robotic arms , each of which holds a set of colored ink pens , felt pens , or pencils .
Tables are typically set up with a header row across the top to describe the contents of each column .
Tabs are most often used to align columns of text accurately or to create tables ; word processors provide at least four different types of tab stops so that you can align columns in different ways .
Tags can also be grouped : multiple starting and ending tags can be placed around the same portion of a document .
Tags tell the browser what information to display and how to display it .
Taken individually , most of them do not have meaning .
Tape drives provide the slowest average access times of all magnetic storage devices ; optical devices are also much slower than hard disks .
Tape drives read and write data to the surface of a tape the same way an audiocassette recorder does .
Tapping an H / PC 's screen with an electronic pen is a much faster way to input commands than typing on a miniature keyboard .
Tax software enables business owners to prepare their own taxes without using an accountant or consultant .
TCP / IP , IPX / SPX , and NetBEUI are examples of network protocols .
TCP / IP is now the default networking protocol of Windows 2000 and many other operating systems .
TCP / IP software looks different on different kinds of computers , but it always presents the same appearance to the network .
Teachers and trainers commonly rely on slides in the classroom to serve as a roadmap for discussion .
Technically , an enterprise can be any organization .
Technically , copying the song and distributing the copy is illegal unless the copier has permission from - and pays a fee to - the music 's owner .
Technically , to be literate in a subject means to have knowledge of that subject .
Technological improvements have extended the viewing angles of flat panel monitors but have also caused their prices to increase .
Telecommuters enjoy working at home because it gives them more control over their schedules while removing the distractions that are part of the workplace .
Telecommuters work from remote locations by connecting to the company network via the Internet .
Teleconferencing software has become more sophisticated , with features such as a shared scratch pad where diagrams or pictures can be drawn or electronically pasted .
Telephone and cable television companies have been moving from twisted - pair wire and coaxial cables to fiber - optic cables .
Telephone companies now use an electronic database program to produce their printed phone books .
Television 's role as a multimedia distribution channel is discussed in Chapter 2 of MULTIMEDIA AND APPLICATION .
Television , however , is not interactive , it is limited in the types and amount of feedback it can accept from the audience because television has traditionally been a one - way medium .
Television and telephone companies have used satellites for many years , but big businesses also use them for their computer networks .
Television channels such as CNN and The Weather Channel also deliver their audio and video content over the Web .
Television has long been the king of multimedia delivery vehicles .
Television is seen as the ultimate multimedia delivery vehicle , but its interactive capabilities are limited .
Television is slowly becoming more interactive , but only through the addition of technologies such as game devices and Internet connections .
Televisions and PC monitors create images by drawing dots on the screen , at a fixed rate called the scan rate .
Televisions draw a picture a little larger than their own screen , resulting in a slight loss around the edges of the image called an overscan .
Telnet - Remote Access to Distant Computers .
Telnet allows a user to operate second computer from his or her machine .
Telnet connection are useful for many purposes .
Telnet is the Internet tool for using one computer to access a second computer .
Templates are predesigned documents , they simplify document design , enabling you to create professional - looking documents simply by typing your text .
Templates are predesigned documents that are blank except for preset margins , fonts , paragraph formats , headings , rules , graphics , headers , or footers .
Templates free users from manually formatting complex documents .
Templates include preselected fonts , backgrounds , color schemes , and more .
Terms such as V.22 , V.32 , V.32bis , V.34bis , V.34 , V.42bis , V90 , K56Flex , CCITT , MNP4 , and MNP5 are just a few that you will encounter .
Test the repeat rate at each setting by clicking in the test box and then holding down an alphanumeric key .
Testing is an important final phase of any product 's development .
Testing is so valuable because it is easy to lose sight of the audience after the heavy - duty authoring starts .
Text fields ( also called character fields or alphanumeric fields ) accept any string of alphanumeric characters that are not used in calculations .
Text fields also typically store entries consisting of numbers , such as phone numbers or ZIP Codes not used in calculations .
Text in slides is usually in the form of titles , headings , and lists .
Thanks to communication technologies , many business people now work from home instead of commuting to an office or factory each day .
Thanks to its power and its appeal to engineers and other users of CAD and CAM software , unix has been popular for RISC workstations such as those from Sun Microsystems , Hewlett - Packard , and Silicon Graphics .
Thanks to multimedia programs like Windows Media Player , you can listen to music over the Internet .
Thanks to presentation programs , you can present your slides directly from the computer 's disk , along with any audio or video files that you embed in your slides .
Thanks to recent innovations in computer audio , sound has become an integral part of everyday computing , and computers have become an integral part of the audio industry .
That allow the DBMS to locate records .
That fact is why the Internet is sometimes described as a network of networks .
That fear has almost been eliminated , however , with the advent of the security measures and improved public perception .
That is , its quality is not limited by the finite number of dots that comprise the image .
That reputation changed in 1998 , however , with the release of the K6 line of processors , which challenged Intel 's processors in terms of both price and performance .
That situation has changed , and today companies and individuals all over the world are eagerly stampeding into cyberspace .
That situation is quickly changing , however , as Intel 's competitors make rapid advances in their products ' performance and chip prices become increasingly competitive .
The 2.88 MB floppy disk drive was released by Toshiba Corporation in 1987 and was adopted by IBM for the PS / 2 system in 1991 .
The 3.5 - inch diskette , shown in Figure 1.12 , is encased in a hard plastic shell with a sliding metal shutter .
The 31 / 2 - by 5 - inch monochrome screen displays black text on a white background .
The 5.25 - inch type , shown in Figure 1.11 , is encased in a flexible vinyl envelope with an oval cutout that allows the read head to access the disk .
The 56 Kbps modem is now considered a minimum data - transfer standard , and consumers are rapidly switching to ISDN , DSL , and cable - modem connections that provide much higher bandwidth and data - transmission speeds .
The abbreviation DSL stands for digital subscriber line , and several versions of DSL technology are available for home and business use .
The Accelerated Graphics Port ( AGP ) bus incorporates a special architecture that allows the video card to access the system 's RAM directly , greatly increasing the speed of graphics performance .
The Accessibility Properties dialog box lets Windows users set various accessibility options .
The acronym WYSIWYG stands for What You See Is What You Get and is used to describe monitors and software that display documents as they will appear when printed .
The act of conducting business online is called e - commerce .
The act of sending a file to another user or to a network is known as uploading the file .
The active cell is indicated by a cell pointer , a rectangle that makes the active cell 's borders look bold .
The active window 's title bar is highlighted - that is , it is displayed in color .
The actual manipulation of data takes place in the ALU , which is connected to the registers that hold data and program instructions while they are being processed .
The actual performance you can achieve with DSL depends on the type of DSL and the distance between the DSL modem and the telephone company 's switch .
The address bus connects only the CPU and RAM and carries only memory addresses .
The address bus is a set of wires similar to the data bus .
The advantage is that the modem can be upgraded easily to accommodate new standards and speeds by simply updating the modem software .
The advantage of passive matrix monitors is that they are less expensive than active matrix , a major consideration in laptops where the monitor can account for one third the cost of the entire computer .
The advantage of wireless communication is the flexibility that it offers in terms of the network layout .
The advantages of telecommuting over working in an office can be compelling .
The advantages of the mouse are so numerous that it changed the entire personal computing industry .
The advent of graphically rich programs , multimedia events , the Internet , and most recently DVD has made the PC a video on demand resource .
The advent of photo - manipulation programs has caused an explosion in the use of computers for modifying images .
The advent of the Internet , the accessibility of interactive television programming , and the proliferation of low - priced multimedia PCs have enabled even novice computer users to take advantage of powerful multimedia products .
The AGP standard has led to the development of many types of accelerated video cards that support 3 - D and full - motion video .
The all - in - one - box approach has several advantages .
The alphanumeric keys - the parts of the keyboard that look like a typewriter - are arranged the same way on almost every keyboard .
The alternative to using dedicated media is to use the telephone system - called the plain old telephone system ( POTS ) for data communication .
The ALU actually performs the arithmetic and logical operations described earlier .
The ALU includes a group of registers - high - speed memory locations built directly into the CPU that are used to hold the data currently being processed .
The amount of cache memory has a tremendous impact on the computer 's speed .
The amount of RAM can affect speed because the CPU can keep more of the active program and data in memory , which is faster than storage on disk .
The amount of RAM in a computer can have a profound effect on the computer 's power .
The analyst must be well - versed in database concepts and terminology and must understand how the organization uses its DBMS and data tables to store , retrieve , and manage data .
The animated GIF file is simply a set of images , saved together in a single GIF - format file .
The animator can tweak individual tweens to obtain the right effect .
The answer is a process called data mining , and it is explained in Part II of this discussion , in Chapter 2 of PRESENTATION AND DATABASE MANAGEMENT SOFTWARE .
The answer may depend on the user 's goals and expectations .
The Apple Macintosh computer , however , is neither an IBM nor a compatible .
The application 's online help system can tell you how to access your clip art and how to use it in documents .
The application shown here can play many types of audio and video files from a disk or the Internet .
The architecture of the 8086 contained only a few thousand transistors , but today 's powerful Pentium III Xeon processors contain 9.5 million .
The arrow keys move the cursor up or down a single line , or left or right one character space .
The Athlon includes a 64 KB Level - 1 cache and 512 KB of Level - 2 cache .
The Athlon out performed the Pentium III in tests because it could perform more instructions at one time .
The author must learn to regard any problems the user detects with the program as constructive criticism .
The average access time is about one half the maximum , or 100 milliseconds .
The Backspace and Delete keys let you remove characters quickly .
The Backspace key moves the insertion point one character to the left , erasing each character as it goes .
The bank is offering an interest rate of 8.25 % over 15 years .
The bar code reader emits a beam of light - frequently a laser beam - that is reflected by the bar code image .
The bar code reader is a special type of image scanner .
The bar code reader then feeds that number to the computer , as though the number had been typed on a keyboard .
The basic rule of netiquette are as follows .
The basic structural design of each chip , known as architecture , has grown steadily in sophistication and complexity .
The basic techniques of character animation have not changed much from the drawing board to the computer .
The BCD ( binary coded decimal ) system , defined by IBM for one of its early computers , was one of the first complete systems to represent symbols with bits .
The best snapshot printers can create images that look nearly as good as a photograph printed using traditional methods .
The best use of tape storage is for data that you do not use often , such as backup copies of your hard disk ( which you will need only if your hard drive malfunctions or you accidentally delete a valuable file ) .
The big advantage to this arrangement is that data can never fail to be delivered ; if one connection goes down , there are other ways to route the data to its destination .
The big difference with Linux is its price .
The bigger and stronger that system is , the more information it can handle and the more effectively it will operate .
The bigger the word size , the more quickly the computer can process a set of data .
The biggest advantage of digital photography is convenience .
The biggest advantage of traditional photography is that , depending on the equipment and conditions , a photograph can have almost infinite resolution .
The binary number system works the same way as the decimal system , except that it has only two available symbols ( 0 and 1 ) rather than ten ( 0 , 1 , 2 , 3 , 4 , 5 , 6 , 7 , 8 , and 9 ) .
The board is being attached to the motherboard - the main system board to which the CPU , memory , and other components are attached .
The boot record also describes other disk characteristics , such as the number of bytes per sector and the number of sectors per track - information that the operating system needs to access the data area of the disk .
The broadcast features in Windows 98 provide built - in software to support television reception devices ( such as TV or video card combinations ) that enable you to watch television on your PC .
The bus topology has inherent disadvantages .
The business can store a single master copy of a data file on the server , which employees can access whenever they want .
The buttons ' uses are determined by the computer 's operating system , application software , and mouse control software .
The byte is an extremely important unit because there are enough different 8 - bit combinations to represent all the characters on the keyboard , including all the letters ( uppercase and lowercase ) , numbers , punctuation marks , and other symbols .
The cable connection is extended to the modem , which is then connected to the network interface card .
The call was taken up by dozens of programmers , who immediately wanted to share Torvalds 'dream .
The capabilities of a minicomputer are somewhere between mainframes and personal computers .
The capability for virtual 80386 mode enabled a single 80386 chip to run different programs at the same time - a technique known as multitasking .
The capacity for data transmission is known as bandwidth .
The CD - ROM - based encyclopedia is probably the most obvious example of an interactive multimedia application for education .
The CD - ROM drive for music or data reads 0s and 1s from a spinning disk by focusing a laser on the disk 's surface .
The CD - ROM drive is the most common type of storage device after the hard and diskette drives .
The Celeron processor features many of the capabilities of the Pentium II but operates at slightly slower speeds and is designed for entry - level personal computers priced in the $ 1000 range .
The cell pointer highlights the active cell , where you can enter and edit data .
The challenge for speech recognition software is to deduce a sound 's meaning correctly from its context and to distinguish meaningful sounds from background noise .
The character is set up in the beginning position and the ending position .
The characters from 0 to 31 and 127 are control characters ; from 32 to 64 , special characters and numbers ; from 65 to 96 , uppercase letters and a few symbols ; from 97 to 126 , lowercase letters plus a handful of common symbols .
The chips that came later - 80286,80386,80486 , Pentium , Pentium Pro , Pentium II , Pentium III , Celeron , and Xeon lines - correspond to certain design standards established by the 808 
The circuitry design of a CPU determines its basic speed , but several additional factors can make chips already designed for speed work even faster .
The Cisco Certified Internetwork Expert ( CCIE ) program provides high - level training for current networking professionals .
The Clipboard can also be used to move data from one document to another .
The Clipboard is a temporary holding space ( in the computer 's memory ) for data that is being copied or moved .
The closer that transistors can be placed to one another , the more that can be fit on a chip .
The code provides the browser with the following information .
The color displayed by a pixel is determined by the electricity coming from the transistors at the end of the row and the top of the column .
The Command key ( sometimes called the Apple key ) functions like the IBM compatible PC 's Alt key in many programs .
The company needs people to run the new equipment but wants to hire new workers who already have computer skills .
The company produces various design tools for graphics , multimedia , and the Web .
The completed series of steps is called a machine cycle .
The components of the system usually are not capable of transmitting , processing , and displaying the digital information fast enough .
The compressed MP3 file can be copied to another medium , such as CD - R or a special hardware player that stores MP3 files .
The computation of a hard disk 's capacity is identical to that for diskettes , but the numbers are larger - in some cases , much larger .
The computer - generated image looks so realistic that it could be mistaken for a photograph of a real - life object .
The computer 's operating speed is tied to the speed of the system clock .
The computer 's system clock sets the pace for the CPU by using a vibrating quartz crystal .
The computer , however , has taken multimedia to an even higher level by enabling us to use many different media simultaneously .
The computer can then perform all the tweening by calculating the types of movements required to get the character from the first position to the last one .
The computer does not necessarily have to load an entire program into memory to run it .
The computer identifies the devices attached to it , identifies the amount of memory available , and does a quick check to see whether the memory is functioning properly .
The computer is in a different physical place , but it is as if you are sitting in front of it and operating it .
The computer itself - the hardware - has many parts , but the critical components fall into one of four categories .
The computer manipulates data according to the instructions contained in the software , and then forwards it for use by people or another computer .
The computer must keep track of 3,317,760 bits for one color image .
The computer must remember the precise location of each and every pixel as they are viewed , moved , or altered .
The computer sends output to the monitor when the user needs only to see the output .
The computer shown here is used to convert pictures into a digital format and store them on PhotoCDs .
The Computer Technology Industry Association provides four certification programs , ranging from the A program for entry - level technicians to the Network program for network administrators .
The computer that originates a transaction must identify its intended destination with a unique address .
The computer uses the vibrations of the quartz in the system clock to time its processing operations .
The concept of bits and bytes may seem unimportant until you begin creating files on your computer .
The concept of layering has become so useful to designers that many paint and draw programs now provide layering capabilities that function in much the same manner as CAD layers .
The content 's developer is responsible for providing the user with on - screen aids to navigate .
The content is what the consumer pays for or what the audience comes to see .
The Contents section displays help topics in a hierarchical list .
The Control Panel dialog box appears .
The control unit is the logical hub of the computer .
The controlling hardware in a Token Ring network transmits an electronic token - a small set of data - to each node on the network many times each second if the token is not already in use by a specific node .
The conversion process is not always simple and may not provide the image quality you need for several reasons .
The converter must change the PC 's noninterlaced signal into an interlaced signal for the television .
The converter must change the PC 's signal into one the television understands .
The core of the Internet is the set of backbone connections that tie the local and regional networks together and the routing scheme that controls the way each piece of data finds its destination .
The cost of ink or toner and maintenance varies with the type of printer .
The cost of new printers has fallen dramatically in recent years , while their capabilities and speed have improved just as dramatically .
The cost of upgrading the memory of a computer has actually gone down , so upgrading RAM is often the most cost - effective way to get more speed from your computer .
The costs of this new technology and the benefits it can bring are not just monetary , however .
The CPU 's instructions for carrying out commands are built into the control unit .
The CPU accesses each location in memory by using a unique number , called the memory address .
The CPU contains the basic instructions needed to operate the computer , but it cannot store entire programs or large sets of data permanently .
The CPU does contain registers , but these are small areas that can hold only a few bytes at a time .
The CPU follows a set of steps for each instruction it carries out .
The CPU is the brain of the computer , the place where data is manipulated .
The CPU may be required to store the results of an instruction in memory ( but this condition is not always required ) .
The CPUs of modern personal computers are small , considering the amount of processing power they provide .
The creation of written language gave people yet another medium for expressing their thoughts .
The creative director is also responsible for integrating that design process into the developmental process of the company .
The critical issue when choosing backup software is that it should enable you to organize your backups , perform partial backups , and restore selected files at will .
The CUA standard led to the standardization of many commonly used hotkeys across different programs and environments , cua dictated that different programs use many of the same hotkeys , thus making them easier to remember ; for example .
The customer , order , and inventory tables can be linked to process orders and billing .
The data , which is known as an object in programming terms , is embedded in a new type of document .
The data bus is an electrical path that connects the CPU , memory , and the other hardware devices on the motherboard .
The data from Figure 2.12 is now summarized in a chart .
The data from the spreadsheet program appears in the word processor 's document .
The data in a spreadsheet can also be sorted - or arranged - in various ways , such as in alphabetical or numerical order .
The data itself is stored in the table strictly as a numeric value , even though the DBMS can display the value with formatting characters such as dollar or percent signs , decimal points , or commas .
The data transfer rate is a measure of how long it takes a given amount of data to travel from one device to another .
The database is stored on the network server .
The DBMS can ( with the use of internal indexes ) sift through the millions of packages stored in the database and return the one record related to your package , within seconds .
The DBMS can sift easily through thousands or even millions of pieces of data , returning only the data you need .
The DBMS interface presents the user with data and the tools required to work with the data .
The Defragmenting Drive A dialog box appears , and Windows begins defragmenting the disk .
The Delete and Backspace keys function in opposite ways .
The Delete key works like the Backspace key but deletes each character to the right of the insertion point .
The demand for experienced database professionals is high , especially for high - end users who can develop forms and set up complex relational databases .
The demand for larger , faster , higher - capacity networks has increased as businesses have realized the value of networking their computer systems .
The density of the disk is a measure of the capacity of the disk surface : the higher the density , the more closely the iron - oxide particles are packed , and the more data the disk can store .
The designer can also add tags that tell the browser to display graphics , as shown in Figure 2.23 , and a single Web page can hold many individual graphics .
The designer can set the order for the images to display and the amount of display time for each image .
The designer can use various methods to incorporate graphics in a Web page .
The designer then plots a motion path for the camera - that is , a line along which the camera travels .
The designer then sets the camera in motion ; as the camera travels along its path , the software captures still images ( frames ) of the scene as if it were being recorded by a real camera .
The development process involves defining the audience , designing the product , choosing development tools , creating content , multimedia authoring , and testing .
The device 's laser beam can read data from the first layer , and then look through it to read data from the second layer .
The device literally changed the face of computing ( indeed , the entire computing industry ) by changing the way people interacted with their computers .
The device stores the data on its disk and then can copy the data onto a fresh CD - R or CD - RW disk .
The device that holds a disk is called a disk drive .
The device that performs this function is the network interface card ( NIC ) , commonly called a network card .
The dialog box expands and provides details about the disk 's surface .
The difference between the highest and lowest frequencies of a transmission channel is known as bandwidth .
The difference is that a computer tape drive writes digital data rather than analog data - discrete 1s and 0s rather than the finely graduated signals created by sounds in an audio recorder .
The difference is that when the request comes from an application , the operating system sends the results of its work to the application rather than to the desktop .
The different capacities of disks are generally a function of the number of sides , tracks , and sectors per track .
The different types are typically defined by purpose .
The digital camera digitizes the image , compresses it , and stores it on a special disk or memory card .
The disadvantages of fiber - optic cable are its cost relative to twisted - pair and coax , and the difficulty associated with its installation .
The disadvantages of laser printers are the price and the cost of operation .
The disk and case are often called a disk cartridge .
The disk drive could move the surrounding files to make room for the 5000 bytes , but that would be time consuming .
The disk is then covered in a plastic coating , and it is difficult to alter the surface of the disk after it has been stamped .
The disk or tape drive senses the direction of the flow as the storage medium passes by the head , and the data is sent from the read head into memory .
The diskette 's outermost track is longer than the innermost track , but each track is still divided into the same number of sectors .
The Display Properties dialog box opens .
The Display Properties dialog box opens .
The distinction between draw programs and paint programs is blurring quickly .
The drawing arm moves side to side as the paper is rolled back and forth through the roller .
The drive 's heads can also use a lower - intensity current to record data on the disk .
The drive includes a motor that rotates the disk on a spindle and read , write heads that can move to any spot on the disk 's surface as the disk spins .
The drive may be offered in addition to a standard diskette drive , but some of these specialty drives can read both standard and high - capacity floppy disks .
The DVD movie player will also play audio CDs .
The earliest computers were little more than gigantic calculators controlled by large panels of switches , dials , and buttons .
The ease with which computer users can acquire and manipulate images has brought another issue to the fore - copyright .
The easiest way to determine the average access time for a device is to check the manufacturer 's specifications .
The EB Dedicated Reader can store several books or magazines and lets you search and annotate text .
The EIDE standard 's variants go by many different names ( including Fast IDE , ATA , Fast ATA , ATA - 2 , ATA - 3 , ATA - 4 , and Ultra ATA ) and offer somewhat different features and performance .
The emerging standard is SCSI - 3 , which can link as many as 127 devices .
The engine will provide you with a list of sites that should match your criterion .
The engineer can then show and hide these individual layers while different parts of the building are designed .
The Enter key ( labeled Return on some keyboards ) lets you finalize data entry in many types of application programs .
The era of art on personal computers was started in 1984 , with the release of the first Apple computers .
The expansion slots on the motherboard are used for three purposes .
The Exploring window , showing the contents of the hard disk .
The F1 key , for example , became the universal way to access online help .
The fact that a database lurks at the heart of most enterprise software does not mean the software looks or acts like a database - at least , not from the end user 's perspective .
The fact that the Mac OS works only on Macintosh computers and compatible hardware has long been considered one of the operating system 's biggest drawbacks .
The fact that you must use special technologies to write data to an optical disk does not mean that this storage medium is not useful .
The factory drawings used by the maintenance worker are all indexed in a database and are retrieved based on a simple query .
The familiar audio compact disk is a popular medium for storing music .
The farthest the heads have to move is from the center of the diskette to the outside edge ( or vice versa ) .
The faster the clock , the more instructions the CPU can process per second .
The faster you wave the magnet and the closer the magnet is to the coil , the larger the current it generates in the coil .
The fastest L2 caches operate at about half the processor 's speed , which makes cached data available almost instantly .
The fastest ones can print 500 characters each second .
The FAT lists both clusters , and a pointer at the end of the first cluster connects it to the second .
The FAT solves a common filing problem : What happens when you load a file , increase its size by adding text to it , and then save it again ?
The features of Windows 98 include advanced Internet capabilities , an improved user interface , and enhanced file system performance .
The fiery print server is a special purpose computer that transmits documents to a digital color copier , where they are printed .
The fifth part of the keyboard is the set of cursor movement keys .
The file - allocation table ( FAT ) is a log that records the location of each file and the status of each sector .
The file that Macromedia Director generates is the one that contains the entire multimedia presentation , ready for distribution on disk or CD - ROM .
The files that the operating system works with may be program or data files .
The fill can be nothing at all , a solid color , a vector pattern , a photo , or something else .
The film reacts to the light that passes through the camera 's lens , capturing reflected images .
The final node in the chain connects to the first to complete the ring , as shown in Figure 1.1 .
The final option is for the musician to write the music using the sequencer 's software and then let the sequencer interpret the musical notation and turn it into MIDI codes .
The Find dialog box appears . Type . gif . jpg in the Named box .
The first 256 codes in Unicode are identical to the 256 codes used by ASCII systems .
The first and second page may be on the same Web server , or they may be on different servers many miles apart .
The first CD - ROM drives read data at 150 KBps ( kilobytes per second ) and were known as single speed drives .
The first column is aligned along the left margin of the page , the second column is aligned by a left - aligned tab stop , the third by a centered tab stop , the fourth by a right - aligned tab stop , and the fifth by a decimal tab stop .
The first CPU caches came with 0.5 KB , then 8 KB , then 16 KB , then 32 KB .
The first is known as the 680x0 family .
The first is the typical monitor that you see on a desktop computer , which looks a lot like a television screen and works the same way .
The first mouse was a small wooden box .
The first requires cooperation between the operating system and application programs .
The first step in building any database is to create one or more tables .
The first step is called the power - on self test ( POST ) .
The first style of personal computer introduced was the desktop model .
The first user needs to know the names of customers in the Wichita area who made purchases of more than $ 500 , and the second user wants a total of purchases made during the month of July .
The first version of Windows did not work or sell very well , and the second version also was not a success .
The following list describes some of the fields in which you need to know the details of how computers process data .
The following list presents some examples .
The following professionals , for example , must have a thorough understanding of storage technologies .
The following sections discuss each step of this process in greater detail .
The following sections examine just a few uses of multimedia technologies .
The following sections introduce some of the most popular features of the Internet .
The following sections provide a brief introduction to a few of the technologies commonly used to support multimedia products .
The fonts and font sizes used in the page .
The form is nothing more than a custom view of the table that typically shows one record at a time and includes special controls and labels that make data entry less confusing .
The formatting begins with the starting tag and continues to the ending tag .
The formula 's result appears in cell B .
The formula bar is handy because it displays much more data than the cell can .
The four colors used are the same as in the color ink jet printers : cyan , magenta , yellow , and black .
The four most compelling benefits of networking are simultaneous access to programs and data , peripheral sharing , streamlined communications , and easier backups .
The fourth part of the keyboard consists of the function keys .
The function keys ( F1 , F2 , and so on ) are usually arranged in a row along the top of the keyboard .
The function of an output device is to present processed data to the user .
The function of output is to present processed data to the user or to another computer .
The functioning of the OS can be extended by adding utility software .
The future of MP3 is both bright and cloudy .
The G3 chip , released in 1998 , provides even more power for such applications .
The G4 processor features 1 MB of Level - 2 cache and a bus speed of 100 MHz .
The games themselves are separate from the television programming you receive through an aerial , cable , or satellite transmission .
The gateway can take a packet from one type of network , read the header , and then encapsulate the entire packet into a new one , adding a header that is understood by the second network .
The generic term device refers to any piece of hardware .
The GIF and JPEG image formats are the most widely used formats on the World Wide Web .
The goal of this early project was to create a large computer network with multiple paths - in the form of telephone lines - that could survive a nuclear attack or other disaster .
The graphical user interface has become the standard because the Macintosh and Windows operating systems use it .
The greater the distance from the head end , the more amplifiers are required .
The group 's goal was to expand the list of top - level domains to make it easier for organizations of all kinds to create an Internet domain for themselves .
The group of programs that manages the resources on the network is often called the network operating system ( NOS ) .
The growing complexity of the architecture also allowed Intel to incorporate some sophisticated techniques for processing .
The gun shoots a beam of electrons through a magnetic coil , which aims the beam at the front of the monitor 's screen is coated with phosphors , chemicals that glow struck by the electron beam .
The hard disks found in most PCs spin between 3600 rpm and 7200 rpm .
The hardware , or physical components , of a computer consists of a processor , memory , input and output ( I / O ) devices , and storage .
The hardware components that write data to , and read it from , storage media are called storage devices .
The hardware for a Token Ring network is expensive ; Token Ring adapter cards can cost as much as five times more than other types of network adapters .
The hardware portion of the data warehouse may be a mainframe system or a RAID disk array , providing gigabytes or terabytes of storage space .
The hardware portion of their efforts focused on the PowerPC chip , the first of which was the 60 .
The head end is also where the dedicated Internet connection occurs , connecting the cable TV network to the Internet .
The header contains information about the type of data in the payload , the source and destination of the data , and a sequence number so that data from multiple packets can be reassembled at the receiving computer in the proper order .
The heads can move from the center to the outside edge in even less time - about 0.17 second .
The heated dyes evaporate from the ribbon and diffuse on specially coated paper , where they form areas of different colors .
The heights of similar characters may vary greatly among different fonts , even at the same size .
The Help system in Microsoft Word contains many hypertext links .
The hierarchical database is an older style of database , originally developed on mainframe computers .
The high - resolution screens are clear and can be viewed from various angles .
The higher a network 's bandwidth , the more data it can carry .
The history of the small computer system interface ( SCSI ) goes back to the 1970s .
The holes in the shadow mask 's mesh are used to align the electron beams , to ensure that they strike precisely the correct phosphor dot .
The HP 3000 is a midrange computer used by medium - and large - size businesses .
The HTML codes are hidden unless you display them in the browser window or in another application .
The HTML document viewed in a browser .
The HTML tags help the browser organize the graphics , text , and other design elements on the page .
The Human Genome Project , for example , uses supercomputing resources around the world in the hope of discovering all the human genes .
The IBM / Microsoft partnership did not last long .
The idea of hooking your PC to a television may seem strange , but for many types of presentations , television is an ideal solution .
The idea of one application meeting the needs of many diverse users applies even if the work is different from one user to the next .
The iMac computer features multiple USB ports , which greatly simplifies the process at adding peripheral devices .
The iMac is one of the more recent lines of personal computers from Apple .
The image can then be printed , pasted into a document , or manipulated in various ways by the software .
The image scanner is useful because it translates printed images into an electronic format that can be stored in a computer 's memory .
The images block the outside world and create the illusion of a world that wraps around the wearer .
The increased use of the Internet and World Wide Web places networks at even greater risk of undesirable intrusion .
The Index tab displays all the key terms in the help system ; select one or more terms and then get a list of help topics that contain those terms .
The individual cells in the grid can all be filled with the same color or each cell can contain a different color .
The industry has developed a standard interface called Windows Sockets , or Winsock , which makes it possible to mix and match application programs from more than one developer and to allow those applications to work with any type of network connection .
The Industry Standard Architecture ( ISA ) bus is a 16 - bit data bus .
The information they share can be much more than text documents .
The ingredient that enables a computer to perform a specific task is software , which consists of electronic instructions .
The initial version suffered from many technical problems .
The input devices you choose can have a large impact on your productivity , which is one reason why so many input device options are available .
The insertion point moves wherever you click .
The instruction sets for these CPUs are large , typically containing 200 to 300 instructions .
The instructions , or instruction set , list all the operations that the CPU can perform .
The Intel Corporation is the largest manufacturer of microchips in the world and is historically the leading provider of chips for PCs .
The interface designer directs the development of the user interface for a product , which includes not only what users see but also what they hear and touch .
The interface for Windows 3.x has a lot in common with the Macintosh OS .
The interface for Windows NT Workstation 4. .
The internal structure of the World Wide Web is built on a set of rules called Hypertext transfer protocol ( HTTP ) .
The International Standards Organization ( ISO ) standard expanded on the ASCII character set , to offer different sets of characters for different language groups .
The Internet carries messages , documents , programs , and data files that contain every imaginable kind of information for businesses , educational institutions , government agencies , and individuals .
The Internet has also created hundreds of virtual communities made up of people who share an interest in a technical discipline , hobby , or political or social movement .
The Internet has enabled us to access nearly any kind of information from a PC , and it has freed us from many kinds of chores .
The Internet includes many thousands of servers , each with its own unique address .
The Internet is a good place to find and acquire fonts .
The Internet is a great place to check your word choices .
The Internet is not limited to big businesses .
The Internet is rapidly becoming an effective way to distribute new media content as new technologies emerge to enhance interactivity and performance .
The Internet itself is the pipeline that carries data between computers .
The Internet provides a seemingly limitless number of pirated images , including clip art , electronic photographs , scanned artwork and photographs , video clips , and more .
The Internet provides a useful learning tool outside the classroom also .
The Internet was created for the U &gt; S . Department of Defense as a tool for communications .
The Internet works because every computer connected to it uses the same set of rules and procedures ( known as protocols ) to control timing and data format .
The interrupt request procedure is a little like using parliamentary procedures in a large meeting .
The intersection of any column and row is called a cell , as shown in Figure 2. .
The intranet is accessible only to the organization 's workers .
The introduction of desktop publishing ( DTP ) software revolutionized the publishing and design industries , giving ordinary users the power to produce professional - quality documents and publications .
The introduction of Internet connection sharing in Windows 98 and Windows 2000 adds another benefit : sharing a single dial - up connection to the Internet among multiple home computers .
The Iomega Zip system is an example of a high - capacity floppy disk .
The IRIS is a high tech form of ink jet printing in which individual sheets of paper are mounted onto a drum .
The iron bar becomes a magnet itself because its iron molecules align themselves in one direction .
The items that appear on the screen depend on the contents of the computer 's disk and the resources to which the computer has access .
The job of OCR software is to translate that array of dots into text that the computer can interpret as letters and numbers .
The joystick is controlled with either forefinger .
The joystick is especially well suited for playing fast moving video games .
The K6 - 2 also features 64 - bit registers and can address 4 GB of memory .
The key stays active until it is pressed again .
The keyboard 's Tab key moves the insertion point forward ( to the right ) until it encounters a tab stop ( or just tab ) , inserting a fixed amount of space in the line .
The keyboard , mouse , and microphone are common input devices .
The keyboard buffer can store many keystrokes at one time .
The keyboard controller places a code into part of its memory , called the keyboard buffer , indicating which key was pressed .
The keyboard controller sends an interrupt request to the system software when it receives a complete keystroke .
The keyboard controller then signals the computer 's system software that something has happened at the keyboard .
The keyboard is the most commonly used input device , and the monitor is the most commonly used output device on most personal computer systems .
The keyboard sends the computer an interrupt request , which tells the CPU to accept the keystroke .
The keyboard then transmits a MIDI description back to the sequencer .
The keyboard was one of the first peripherals to be used with computers , and it is still the primary input device for entering text and numbers .
The keyhole in this photo has been partially erased and replaced with parts of a new background - the cow .
The kinds of problems to watch for are any locations in the product where the user does not know what to do next .
The king of the thesaurus world , Roget 's , is available at www . thesaurus . com / , but others are also worth a look including The Wordsmyth Dictionary / Thesaurus ( www . wordsmyth . net / ) , Lexical FreeNet ( www . link . cs . cmu . edu / lexfn / ) , and Phrase Finder ( www . shu . ac . uk / web - admin / phrases / go . html ) .
The labeling of tracks and sectors is called performing a logical format .
The large storage capacity of CD - ROMs often allows higher quality animation , embedded video , digital - quality sound , and a broader variety of gaming techniques .
The largest desktop monitors measure 21 inches or 24 inches and can display more than 16 million colors at resolutions of 1600 x 1200 and even 1920 x 1200 .
The largest IBM S / 390 mainframe , for example , can support 50,000 users simultaneously while executing more than 1,600,000,000 instructions per second .
The largest type of computer in common use is the mainframe .
The last critical specification of a color monitor is the dot pitch , the distance between the phosphor dots that make up a single pixel .
The last type discussed in this section , the plotter , is designed specifically for printing large - format construction and engineering documents .
The last version of the MPC standard , called MPC Level 3 , was released in 1995 .
The latest generation of DVD - ROM disks actually use layers of data tracks , effectively doubling their capacity .
The latest version of EIDE supports data transfer rates of 33 MBps .
The LCD monitor creates images with a special kind of liquid crystal that is normally transparent but becomes opaque when charged with electricity .
The left pane of the Exploring window lists the drives and folders on your system .
The legal , procedural , and moral infrastructure for this volume of activity simply does not exist yet .
The link between ARPANET , NSFnet , and other networks was called Internet .
The location of hypertext links and where to go if the user clicks a link .
The lowest resolution dot matrix printers have an array of nine pins ; the highest resolution dot matrix printers have twenty four pins .
The lowest resolution dot matrix printers have only nine pins ; the highest resolution printers have twenty four pins .
The Mac OS also provides multitasking and allows data sharing across different applications .
The Mac OS brought the first truly graphical user interface to consumers .
The Macintosh is a purely graphical machine and brought the first truly graphical user interface to consumers .
The Macintosh operating system ( or the Mac OS ) was also ahead of Windows with many other features , such as built - in network support and Plug and Play hardware support .
The Macintosh operating system supports the graphical nature of the Macintosh computer .
The magnet moves back and forth with the changing current , creating vibrations .
The mail merge feature makes it easy to send the same letter to a list of different people with the correct name and address printed on each letter .
The main Archie server at McGill gathers copies of the directories from more than 1000 other public FTP archives every month and distributes copies of those directories to dozens of other servers around the world .
The majority of graphics programs allow the user to create images from scratch , building simple lines and shapes into complex graphics .
The MaMaMedia Gallery enables children to post their artistic projects for others to see .
The massive data channels that connect major geographical regions are already digital , but the telephone lines running under or above most city streets are still analog .
The master boot record is a program that runs when you first start the computer .
The maximum access time for diskettes , therefore , is 0.2 second , or 200 milliseconds .
The maximum access time for diskettes can be even longer , however , because diskettes do not spin when they are not being used .
The maximum color depth for a GIF file is 8 bits , or 256 colors .
The mechanical devices that make up the computer are called hardware .
The medium is a foil disk that is physically pitted to reflect or scatter the laser beam .
The mesh topology is the least used network topology and the most expensive to implement .
The method of distribution determines the maximum size of the product .
The method varies according to the type of computer system being used .
The microcomputer category has grown tremendously in the past decade .
The microprocessor is plugged into the computer 's motherboard .
The Microsoft Certified Professional ( MCP ) program provides training and testing , and graduates are prized for their expertise .
The Microsoft Network ( MSN ) is one of several Web sites offering portal services .
The MIDI protocol gives musicians a language to use when talking to electronic musical equipment .
The MMX single instruction multiple data ( SIMD ) process enables one instruction to perform the same function on multiple pieces of data , reducing the number of loops required to handle video , audio , animation , and graphical data .
The modem industry , like the computer telecommunications industry in general , is plagued by a bad case of alphabet soup addiction - a dizzying array of specifications , abbreviations , and numbers that can confuse even the most experienced computer users .
The monitor , printer , and speakers are common output devices .
The monitor can display different colors by combining various intensities of the three beams .
The monitor refreshes itself at least several dozen times each second .
The more complicated part of the sound output system is in the sound card .
The more dots per inch a printer can produce , the higher its image quality .
The more elaborate the command system , the more interactivity the program can offer .
The more options you choose , the longer the portal page will take to open in your browser .
The more pins that a print head contains , the higher the printer 's resolution .
The more standard type of menu , however , appears at the top of many windows in a horizontal list called the menu bar .
The most common example of client or server computing involves a database that can be accessed by many different computers on the network .
The most common file transfer protocols for modems are called Kermit , Xmodem , Ymodem , and Zmodem .
The most common input device is the keyboard , which accepts letters , numbers , and commands from the user .
The most common laser printers have resolutions of 300 or 600 dpi , both horizontally and vertically , but some high end models have resolutions of 1200 or 1800 dpi .
The most common magnetic storage devices are diskettes , hard disks , high - capacity floppy disks , disk cartridges , and magnetic tape .
The most common measurement unit for describing a computer 's memory is the byte - the amount of memory it takes to store a single character , such as a letter of the alphabet or a numeral .
The most common media for data communication are twisted pair cable , coaxial cable , fiber optic cable , and wireless links .
The most common media for data communications are twisted - pair wire , coaxial cable , fiber - optic cable , and wireless links .
The most common method is to refer to the cell by its address , such as A1 , B10 , or Y25 .
The most common MIDI instrument is a keyboard synthesizer .
The most common output devices are the display screen , known as the monitor , and the printer .
The most common storage medium is the magnetic disk .
The most common styles used in documents are bold , italic , and underlining , as shown in Figure 1.1 .
The most common type of bar code reader is the flatbed model , which is commonly found in supermarkets and department stores .
The most common type of impact printer is the dot matrix printer .
The most common type of memory is called random access memory or RAM .
The most common types of devices that can perform both input and output are communications devices , which connect one computer to another - a process known as networking .
The most common types of monitors used with PCs .
The most common types of network technology include Ethernet ( which also includes Fast Ethernet ) and Token Ring .
The most common types of network technology include Ethernet , Fast Ethernet , and Token Ring .
The most common units of measure for memory are the byte , kilobyte , megabyte , gigabyte , and terabyte .
The most commonly used function is the SUM function , which adds a list of numbers to get a total .
The most commonly used input devices are the keyboard and mouse .
The most commonly used meaning describes the methods people use to maintain relationships with friends and business contacts .
The most daring pirates scan images from popular magazines , and then attempt to sell them over Web sites , through newsgroups , or on CD - ROM as though this were perfectly legal .
The most expensive notebooks , however , can be configured with just as much memory and storage space as a desktop system .
The most important factors to consider when choosing a modem are internal versus external , transmission speed , data compression , and error correction .
The most impressive VR equipment costs hundreds of thousands of dollars .
The most obvious example of a noncomputerized database is a telephone directory .
The most popular backup medium is the floppy disk , but you may need dozens of them to back up all your data files .
The most popular browsers are Microsoft 's Internet Explorer and Netscape Navigator .
The most popular digital telephone services are integrated services digital network ( ISDN ) , T1 , T3 , and DSL .
The most popular implementation of Ethernet - called 10Base - T - uses a star topology and twisted - pair wires and can achieve transmission speeds up to 10 Mbps .
The most popular models cost between $ 1,000 and $ 3,000 .
The most popular online services are America Online , CompuServe , and Prodigy .
The most popular word processors and spreadsheet applications are available as part of larger application suites .
The most powerful minicomputers can serve the input and output needs of hundreds of users at a time .
The most powerful multimedia products incorporate media such as full - motion video , narration , and powerful navigational aids .
The most widely used input device after the keyboard and mouse is a bar code reader .
The most widely used type of optical storage medium is the compact disk ( CD ) , which is used in CD - ROM , DVD - ROM , CD - Recordable , CD - ReWritable , and PhotoCD systems .
The mother board is a rigid rectangular card containing the circuitry that connects the processor to the other hardware .
The Mother of All Computer Applications .
The motherboard is an example of a circuit board .
The motion path may take the camera around , over , or through the building , providing a flying effect or bird 's - eye view .
The mouse 's history actually goes back to the early 1960s and a group of scientists and engineers at the Stanford Research Institute ( SRI ) in California .
The mouse , trackball and touchpad enable you to draw or point on the screen .
The mouse first gained wide spread recognition when it was packaged with the Apple Macintosh computer in 1984 .
The mouse is a pointing device that lets you control the position of a graphical pointer on the screen without using the keyboard .
The mouse usually sits to the right of the keyboard ( for right - handed people ) , and the user maneuvers the mouse with the right hand , pressing the left button with the right forefinger .
The mouse was not noticed immediately by industry titans .
The movement of a finger across a small touch surface is translated into pointer movement on the computer screen .
The moving speaker cone creates pressure vibrations in the air - in other words , sound .
The MPEG , AVI , and QuickTime formats are just a few technologies that allow full - motion video files to be compressed and played back on a PC , whether from a CD or an Internet connection .
The Multimedia Properties dialog box opens , displaying Audio , Video , MIDI , CD Music , and Devices tabs .
The Musical Instrument Digital Interface ( MIDI ) has been in use since the early 1980s , when a group of musical instrument manufacturers developed the technology to enable electronic instruments to communicate .
The musician plays a song on an instrument like a keyboard .
The name implies that you cannot change the information on the disk , just as you cannot record over an audio CD .
The name of a newsgroup begins with the domain , followed by one or more words that describe the group 's topic , such as alt , food .
The NC relies on the network for software and data storage and may even use the network 's server to perform some processing tasks .
The need to represent more characters led to IBM 's development of the EBCDIC .
The network database 's tables , therefore , are said to have a many - to - many relationship .
The network database model is similar to the hierarchical structure except that any one table can relate to any number of other tables .
The network jumped across the Atlantic to Norway and England in 1973 , and it never stopped growing .
The network server also has its own operating system , which manages the flow of data on the file server and around the network .
The networking features of Windows 2000 make it easier for administrators to set up and run a network , allowing less experienced users to run office networks .
The new media ( a term encompassing all types of interactive multimedia technologies ) bring together different communication technologies , such as cable TV , telephone lines , private networks , the Internet , and others .
The new players , however , can play audio , data , and DVD disks , freeing the user from the necessity of purchasing different players for each type of disk .
The newest 3.5 - inch diskette can hold more data than the older , larger diskettes .
The newest home PCs feature storage capacities once found only in the most sophisticated corporate systems .
The newest PC projectors use digital light processing to project bright , crisp images .
The newest SCSI standard , Ultra3 SCSI , supports a 32 - bit bus and can transfer data at a rate of 160 Mbps , more than thirty times faster than the earliest SCSI .
The newest versions of Windows Media Player and RealPlayer support MP3 files , but WinAmp ( available from www . winamp . com / ) is one of the most popular free - wave players .
The next member of the Intel family of microprocessors was the Pentium , introduced in 1993 .
The next time the CPU needs that same data , it finds it in the cache memory and saves the time needed to load the data from RAM .
The next time you want to visit this page , select its name from this menu .
The next time you want to visit this page , select its name from this menu .
The Notepad program will open in a window .
The Notepad text editor will open .
The nozzles on the ink jet printing head pass from one end of the spinning drum to the other , spraying minute drops of colored ink to form the image .
The NSF expected the supercomputers ' users to use ARPANET to obtain access , but the agency quickly discovered that the existing network could not handle the load .
The number and type of arguments used depend on the function .
The number of actual users continues to climb dramatically , as shown in Figure 1. .
The number of media types used is not important , as long as the author has complete control of each and the presenter delivers the message in a clear and engaging way .
The number of tracks required depends on the type of disk , most high - density diskettes have 80 tracks on each side of the disk .
The number of wires in the bus affects the speed at which data can travel between hardware components , just as the number of lanes on a highway affects how long it takes people to reach their destinations .
The numbers in a numeric field might represent currency , percentages , statistics , quantities , or any other value that can be ( but is not necessarily ) used in calculations .
The numeric keypad , usually located on the right side of the keyboard , looks like an adding machine , with its ten digits and mathematical operators .
The numeric keypad also features a Num Lock key , which works like the Caps Lock key in the alphanumeric key group , to force the numeric keys to input numbers .
The object - oriented database ( OODB ) , which was first developed in the late 1980s , groups data items into complex items called objects .
The one in Figure 2.13 was created with just a few mouse clicks .
The online help system is often the last place users turn for help ; in fact , it should be the first place you look .
The only difference between them is that the peer - to - peer network gives users greater access to the other nodes than a file server network does .
The only difference is that an icon appears in the document .
The only difference is that they are usually smaller , and they contain their own small amplifiers .
The only limit is the storage capability of the disk .
The only time you need to press Enter is at the end of a paragraph .
The Open dialog box in FullShot 99 , an image - management program .
The operating system also provides system - level services , including file management , memory management , printing , and others , to those programs .
The operating system also provides the software necessary to link computers and form a network .
The operating system can intervene and modify a program 's priority status by rearranging the priority list .
The operating system exists mostly for the benefit of the computer .
The operating system is the intermediary between programs and hardware .
The operating system keeps track of all the files on each disk .
The operating system manages all the other programs that run on the PC .
The operating system market has expanded over the past few years , freeing PC users to choose different operating systems .
The operating system performs the following functions .
The operating system provides a consistent interface between the program and the user ; it is also the interface between those programs and other computer resources ( such as memory , a printer , or another program such as a spreadsheet application ) .
The operating system responds to requests to use memory and other devices , keeps track of which programs have access to which devices , and coordinates everything the hardware does so that various activities do not overlap and cause the computer to become confused and stop working .
The operating system tells the computer how to interact with the user and how to use devices such as the disk drives , keyboard , and monitor .
The operating system tells the computer how to interact with the user and how to use the hardware devices attached to the computer .
The operating system updates the information in the FAT any time a file is created , moved , renamed , or deleted .
The operating system uses interrupt requests ( IRQs ) to help the CPU coordinate processes .
The operating system uses interrupt requests ( IRQs ) to maintain organized communication with the CPU and other pieces of hardware .
The operating systems are discussed chronologically , in order of their appearance on the desktop .
The order and employee tables can be linked to control scheduling .
The order of fields in a table strictly defines the location of data in every record .
The original ARPANET was shut down in 1990 , and government funding for NSFnet was discontinued in 1995 , but the commercial Internet backbone services have easily replaced them .
The original implementations of Ethernet , which used coaxial cable , were called 10Base - 5 and 10Base - 2 .
The OS also ensures that the results of your actions are displayed on screen , printed , and so on .
The OS goes through the same process to build a list of files whether it receives its instructions from you ( via the desktop ) or from an application .
The OS is the computer 's master control program , the OS provides you with the tools ( commands ) that enable you to interact with the PC .
The other important statistic for measuring drive performance is the speed at which it can transfer data - that is , how long it takes for one device to transfer data to another device .
The packets are routed through your local network , and possibly through one or more subsequent networks , to the Internet backbone .
The pages on this Web site are all served directly from this tiny computer .
The paragraph that appears as white text against a black background has been highlighted ; it is a selected block of text .
The part of the disk that remains free after the boot sector , FAT , and root folder have been created is called the data area because that is where the data files ( or program files ) are actually stored .
The path includes the list of folders ( or directories ) where the desired file is located .
The payload is the part of the packet that contains the actual data being sent .
The PC 97 requirements for a basic PC are higher than the old MPC Level 3 requirements and include at least 16 MB of RAM , a 120 MHz Pentium processor , and a USB port .
The PCs of a decade ago could barely display menus , let alone graphics with millions of colors , animation , and video .
The PCs that connect to the server are called nodes .
The Pentium , however , is still considered part of the 80x86 series .
The Pentium also supports a technology called MMX .
The Pentium chip itself represented another leap forward for microprocessors .
The Pentium II differs from other Pentium models because it is encased in a plastic and metal cartridge instead of the wafer format used for other chips .
The Pentium II has 7.5 million transistors and execution ratings of up to 450 MHz .
The Pentium III 's biggest single enhancement is streaming SIMD extensions ( SSE ) , an improved version of the MMX technology that results in faster video and graphics handling .
The Pentium Pro can process three instructions in a single clock cycle - one more than the Pentium .
The performance gains , however , are worth the cost for many users .
The performance of network media is evaluated by the amount of data they can transmit each second .
The Peripheral Component Interconnect ( PCI ) bus is a type of local bus designed by Intel to make it easier to integrate new data types , such as audio , video , and graphics .
The personal computer has come a long way in a relatively short time , and much of the progress is due to the continuing advancements in operating system technologies .
The PhotoCD offers many advantages .
The physical components or materials on which data is stored are called storage media .
The physical size of a monitor 's display area has an obvious bearing on how well you can see images .
The picture is further complicated when the network must span multiple buildings or several floors of a building .
The picture on a 15 inch monitor , for example , usually measures about 13 inches diagonally .
The picture shown in Figure 2.5 , for example , has obviously been subjected to electronic manipulation .
The pictures , too , stand for items you might have in your office - in the case of Windows , these items include My Computer , a RecycleBin , an Inbox , and a Briefcase .
The pins are used to press an inked ribbon against paper , thus creating an image .
The player 's window will reappear on your screen .
The plug - in application receives a portion of the stream and stores it temporarily in a buffer ( an area in memory or on disk ) .
The plug - in will enable the browser to play QuickTime content directly in the browser window .
The pointer is an on screen object , usually an arrow , that is used to select text ; access menus ; and interact with programs , files , or data that appear on the screen .
The polished - looking summary is a relatively simple database report .
The popularity of ink jet printers jumped around 1990 when the speed and quality improved , and the price plummeted .
The portion loaded includes essential commands that the computer needs to perform basic operations .
The potential result is computers the size of molecules .
The power of the spreadsheet lies in formulas , which calculate numbers based on values or formulas in other cells .
The PowerPC 750 chip ( 266 MHz ) was released for desktop and mobile computers that need significant computing power in a low - voltage processor .
The PowerPC 750 was designed for multimedia , small business , and mobile applications .
The PowerPC and G3 / G4 processors reflected a major move on the part of industry giants toward using RISC technology in desktop and notebook computers .
The PowerPC chip had an unusual beginning .
The presentation features navigation buttons and links ; The viewer can zoom in or out on each slide , see the speaker 's notes , and perform other actions .
The presentation is the center of the workday for many people .
The presenter had to display each slide manually in a preset order .
The primary advantage of the bus topology is that it uses the least amount of cabling of any topology .
The primary copy of data or programs is stored on a hard disk drive .
The primary goals of these mouse variants are to provide ease of use while taking up less space than a mouse .
The primary purpose of hundreds of Web sites and Usenet newsgroups is to provide users with a place to find , exchange and sometimes even purchaseillegally obtained graphics .
The primary types of magnetic storage are as follows .
The primary types of optical storage are as follows .
The primary types of optical storage are compact disk read - only memory ( CD - ROM ) , digital video disk read - only memory ( DVD - ROM ) , CD - Recordable ( CD - R ) , CD - ReWritable ( CD - RW ) , and PhotoCD .
The printer can push the pins out to form patterns , in rapid sequence .
The printer uses a tractor feeder mechanism to pull the paper through .
The printing industry stipulates a resolution of at least 1200 dpi for top quality professional printing .
The problem is compounded because you may not even detect the flicker ; in the long run , it can still cause eyestrain .
The problem is solved by backlighting the screen .
The problem with MP3 is that it makes it too easy to compress and distribute music .
The procedure that transforms raw data into useful information is called processing .
The process can have more pitfalls than you might expect , however , especially if it is being carried out by someone other than the user who set up the tables .
The process can significantly shrink some types of files .
The process changed for the better , however , with the advent of computerized tools designed specifically to aid in slide creation .
The process of connecting separate networks is called internetworking .
The process of creating a multimedia product usually results from the effort of a group of professionals who follow a multistep process .
The process of formatting a document includes controlling the appearance of text , the layout of text on the page , and the use of pictures and other graphic elements .
The process of manually creating a short animation - even just a few seconds ' worth - can take weeks of labor .
The process of mapping a diskette is called formatting or initializing .
The process of moving from one open window to another is called task switching , and different operating systems let you task switch in different ways .
The process of searching and sorting data to find relationships within it is called data mining , and it is possible only with the proper tools and approach to managing large volumes of data .
The process provides vivid colors because the inks do not bleed into each other or soak the specially coated paper .
The process still involves drawing the character in a sequence of positions - one position per frame of film , and each one at a slightly more advanced position than the preceding one - until the entire movement is achieved .
The processing function is divided between the processor and memory .
The processor , or CPU , is the brain of the machine .
The processor is like the brain of the computer in the way that it organizes and carries out instructions that come from either the user or the software .
The product also features links to Web sites that provide more detailed information and updates on many topics .
The product is about 81 / 2 by 11 inches in size , and the two screens are full - color displays .
The program helps the author to synchronize all the elements so that , for example , a crash sound effect is heard precisely when two animated objects collide .
The program is then loaded into memory and begins to run .
The program provides special text boxes and frames ( special resizable boxes for text and graphical elements ) to contain specific types of content .
The program then displays a report that recommends the right mix of investments to meet the customer 's requirements .
The program will ask if you want to save the changes to your document ; choose No .
The programs , such as Microsoft 's FrontPage or Adobe 's PageMill , are a combination word processor , HTML editor , and graphics program .
The programs can be expensive and a great deal of study is required , but certified professionals will assure you that the rewards are well worth the investment .
The programs in Lotus SmartSuite support LotusScript , and Corel 's WordPerfect Office suite supports a language called PerfectScript .
The programs they create are called utilities .
The proposal must be at least fifty pages in length and must include several supporting documents , such as reports , memos , budgets , customer lists , and so on .
The protocols used by the Internet are called Transmission Control Protocol / Internet Protocol , universally abbreviated as TCP / IP .
The public likes the format and will buy MP3 files and hardware .
The purpose of hypermedia links is to make information of all kinds , and in all locations , appear as a seamless whole so that accessing different types of information becomes as simple as flipping through the pages of a magazine .
The purpose of storage devices is to hold data - even when the computer is turned off - so the data can be used whenever it is needed .
The purpose of storage is to hold data .
The push for standards is important because it means that multimedia - equipped cable TV boxes and other hardware will have the requisite decompression facilities built in - usually requiring special integrated circuit chips and software ( all of which work behind the scenes ) .
The quality and speed of laser printers make them ideal for office environments , where several users can easily share the same printer via a LAN .
The quality of the images that a monitor can display is defined as much by the video controller as by the monitor itself .
The quality of the streaming audio and video depends on the speed of your Internet connection and the processing power of your PC .
The query can include field names such as CUSTOMER and CITY from a Customers table , and ORDER DATE from an Orders table .
The QuickTime multimedia file format was developed for use on Apple computers and allows users to play high - quality audio and video files on the desktop .
The QuickTime Player supports a wide variety of multimedia file formats , including MPEG , AVI , and others .
The rapid growth of the Internet also spurred the spread of data communications .
The real problem is that pirates distribute these copyrighted graphics freely , ignoring the rights of the images ' actual owners .
The real versatility of the Clipboard , however , stems from the fact that it is actually part of the operating system , not a particular application .
The RealAudio and RealVideo formats are the current standard for streaming audio and video played over an Internet connection .
The reason for this trend is simple .
The reason that so many people use the Internet has more to do with content than connectivity .
The receiving computer reconstructs the packet into the original structure .
The receiving computer then copies the contents of the token and sends an acknowledgment to the sending computer .
The recipient can then open and use the document on his or her computer .
The records have now been arranged alphabetically according to the contents of the Supplier field .
The refresh rate is an important concern because phosphor dots fade quickly after the electron gun passes over them .
The refresh rate is the number of times per second that the electron guns scan every pixel on the screen and is measured in Hertz ( Hz ) , or in cycles per second .
The refresh rate of the monitor , however , is neither obvious nor standard .
The registers in the first PCs could hold two bytes - 16 bits - each .
The relational database structure is easily the most prevalent in today 's business organizations .
The relationship between tables is said to be a parent - child relationship , with any child table relating to only one parent table .
The removable box includes the disk , drive , and write heads in a sealed container .
The resolutions tend to be standard .
The result is a complicated piece of equipment that uses technology similar to that in photocopiers .
The result is a high data density per inch of tape .
The result is a mini - animation .
The result is a much more intuitive way to use computers .
The result is a picture similar to that of a PC .
The result is a slow access time .
The result is a system that can handle a much greater flow of data , complete more tasks in a shorter time , and deal with the demands of many input and output devices .
The result of scanning an image is a bitmap file ( although software tools are available for translating these images into vector formats ) .
The result of the query is the package 's current location in the system and its anticipated delivery date and time - or news that the package has already been delivered .
The result of these processing demands is that video controllers have increased dramatically in power and importance .
The result was a set of hard - copy slides or overhead transparencies that could be used repeatedly - but could never be changed without going through the entire process again .
The resulting file is called an archive file because it stores the compressed files inside it .
The resulting file is generally a bitmap ; Once on disk , digital images can be copied , edited , printed , or used in World Wide Web pages or other documents .
The resulting files can be imported into many financial or accounting programs and can be useful to an accountant or consultant .
The resulting page , as it appears on the Web , is shown in Figure 1.2 .
The resulting picture is as clear as a PC .
The resulting Web page contains the original text and is formatted with HTML tags so that headings , body text , lists , and other elements will appear in a standard Web format .
The results of a package - tracking query at the Federal Express Web site .
The results of the SQL , Xbase , or QBE query showing a list of employees hired after 01 / 01 / 1993 .
The rigidity of the hard disk and the high speed at which it rotates allow more data to be recorded on the disk 's surface .
The ring topology connects the nodes of the network in a circular chain , with each node connected to the next .
The ring topology has a substantial advantage over the bus topology .
The RISC design , which is used in the PowerPC but was first implemented in the mid - 1980s , results in a faster and less expensive processor .
The Rocket eBook features a touch - sensitive screen that you can control with your fingertip or by using a stylus ( an electronic pen ) .
The role of input is to provide data from the user or another source .
The same effect can be accomplished by cutting or copying the block to the Clipboard and then pasting it to a new location .
The same is true for low - end workstations and high - end personal computers .
The same is true of output devices ; some professions use specific types .
The same is true with graphics and video .
The same software also allows a secretary to record text notes from a project meeting and link them to the line drawings of the factory floor .
The same two programs running under Windows 98. Now , Netscape Navigator is active .
The Save command is a good example .
The scanner is an input device attached to the computer by a cable and controlled by software .
The scanning pattern of the CRT 's electron gun .
The screen 's phosphor coating is organized into a grid of dots .
The screen of a typical Windows 98 computer .
The scriptwriter weaves the project content among various media and forms of interactivity .
The Search section lets you search all topics to find those topics whose title contains a specific term .
The second , designated MPC , has a different architecture and is known as the PowerPC family .
The second advantage is that DSL can use POTS lines , the standard copper wire used for telephone communications in most homes and businesses today .
The second method is called preemptive multitasking .
The second page may be located on the same computer as the original page or anywhere else on the Internet .
The second section is a three - column format .
The second type , known as a flat panel display , is used primarily with portable computers but is becoming an increasingly popular feature with desktop computers .
The secretary adding meeting notes may be typing in a text editor , but a database is used to link that text with a particular project .
The sectors near the middle of the CD wrap farther around the disk than those near the edge .
The seeds of the Internet were planted in 1969 , when the Advanced Research Projects Agency ( ARPA ) of the U . S . Department of Defense began connecting computers at different universities and defense contractors .
The self - contained 32 - bit preemptive multitasking means that , if one program fails , you still have access to all the other programs loaded into memory .
The server software searches the database , collects the relevant customer names , and sends them back to the first client .
The sheer variety and range of what can be done in multimedia is astonishing .
The Shockwave Player is essential if you want to view many newer Web sites and is available free from the Macromedia Web site ( www . macromedia . com / ) .
The signal the keyboard sends to the computer is a special kind of message called an interrupt request .
The single most important fact to understand about the Internet is that it can potentially link your computer to any other computer .
The size is likely to be determined by your budget ( although you may want to spend more on a big monitor if you are working with graphics ) .
The size of a table is limited only by the amount of page space that can be devoted to it , and tables can be formatted in dozens of ways .
The size of the registers , also called word size , determines the amount of data with which the computer can work at one time .
The size of the registers , which is sometimes called the word size , indicates the amount of data with which the computer can work at any given time .
The size refers to the diameter of the disk and is not an indication of the disk 's capacity .
The sizes given in the table are for DOS - and Windows - based machines .
The skill of typing , or keyboarding , as it is often called today , implies the ability to enter text by using all ten fingers - and without having to look at the keys .
The slots accept expansion boards , also called cards , adapters , or sometimes just boards .
The slowest dot matrix printers create fifty to seventy characters per second ; the fastest print more than 500 cps .
The Small Computer System Interface ( SCSI , pronounced scuzzy ) takes a different approach from ports discussed so far and overcomes the constraints of a limited number of expansion slots on the motherboard .
The smaller the dot pitch , the crisper the display image .
The smallest number of phosphor dots that the gun can focus on is called a pixel , a contraction of the term picture element .
The SoftBook Reader , from SoftBook Press , features a 6 - by 8 - inch grayscale screen that is touch - sensitive for page turning and searching .
The software mathematically changes all the objects so they appear larger or smaller .
The software modem relies on the capabilities of today 's faster computers to perform much of the communications work normally handled by a hardware modem .
The sound card translates digital signals into analog signals that drive the speakers .
The sound card translates digital sounds into the electric current that is sent to the speakers .
The speakers attached to these systems are similar to those you connect to a stereo .
The special paper they require can make the per page cost as high as $ 3 to $ 4 .
The specialty software market for small businesses is growing rapidly .
The speed and power of the Pentium dwarfed all its predecessors ' performance in the Intel line .
The speed at which the disk spins is a major factor in the overall performance of the drive .
The speed of dot matrix printers is measured in characters per second .
The speed of the delivery system determines how media - rich the product can be .
The speed of the vibrations is determined by the thickness of the crystal .
The speed of this chip determines the speed at which the monitor can be refreshed .
The spreadsheet program changes the formulas when you copy them because it remembers that the formulas being copied will reference the same rows as the original but will automatically change the column reference when the formulas are moved to a new column .
The spreadsheet program created the proper formulas automatically ( based on the existing formulas ) , summing the third - quarter months .
The spreadsheet program creates the chart for you .
The spreadsheet program recognizes labels as such and differentiates between labels and values or formulas .
The standard format is the user name first , separated from the DNS address by an at symbol @ .
The standard VGA and SVGA video card puts out a signal that refreshes the screen sixty times per second .
The standards also allow multimedia developers to choose the right compression scheme for the target audience .
The star network is the most common topology in use today .
The Start button is a permanent feature of the taskbar .
The Start button is a standard feature of the Windows 95,98,2000 , and NT operating systems 
The structure of a proprietary file format is under the sole control of the software developer who invented the format .
The SUM function calculates the total of the values in a specified range of cells .
The Sun JavaStation is one type of network computer .
The Super VGA ( SVGA ) standard expanded the resolutions to 800 x 600 and 1024 x 768 .
The SuperDisk , made by Imation , has the same dimensions as a standard 3.5 - inch diskette but is formatted to hold 120 MB of data .
The surfaces of diskettes , hard disks , and magnetic tape are all coated with a magnetically sensitive material , such as iron oxide , which reacts to a magnetic field .
The surfaces of disks and magnetic tapes are coated with millions of tiny iron particles so that data can be stored on them .
The system bus has two parts - the data bus and the address bus - both of which are located on the motherboard .
The system bus has two parts : the data bus and the address bus .
The system bus resides on the motherboard and connects the CPU to other devices that reside on the motherboard .
The system grew quickly and spread widely as the number of hosts grew .
The system is called base 10 , or the decimal number system ( deci means 10 in Latin ) because ten symbols are available : 0 , 1 , 2 , 3 , 4 , 5 , 6 , 7 , 8 , and .
The system must use a chip set that supports the AGP standard .
The system that had been created as a tool for surviving a nuclear war found its way into businesses and homes .
The system will recognize the new device right away , which means that you will not need to reboot the computer .
The Tab key moves you to predefined tab stops in many application programs ( such as word processors ) .
The table organizes each record 's data by the same set of fields , but the table can store any number of records .
The tags , which are enclosed in angle brackets ( &lt; &gt; ) , tell the browser how to display individual elements on the page .
The tape moves past the heads at a much slower speed .
The TCP / IP application programs and protocols all run on the host .
The TCP / IP protocols include the specifications that identify individual computers and that exchange data between computers .
The team members of a multimedia project usually include some or all of the following .
The technical details that make the Internet work are only part of the story .
The techniques you can employ to control data entry have different names and different capabilities , depending on the specific DBMS product .
The telecommuter is spared the time and expense of traveling to work .
The telephone at the other end converts this electric signal back into sound so that the person you are talking to can hear your voice .
The telephone companies recognized this problem several years ago and began the long process of converting an analog system into a digital system .
The Telnet program is transparent window between your own computer and a distant host system - a computer that you are logging on to .
The term bit is a combination of binary digit .
The term can also refer to personal computers made by other manufacturers , such as Apple .
The term clip art originated with large books filled with page after page of professionally created drawings and graphics that could be cut out , or clipped , from the pages and glued to a paper layout .
The term font refers to the characteristics of the letters , symbols , and punctuation marks in your document .
The term hypermedia has been coined to describe the environment that allows users to click on one type of media to navigate to the same or other type of media .
The term nanosecond is often abbreviated as ns .
The term new media is used to describe the combination of multimedia programming and communications technologies that enable multimedia to be distributed in different ways ( such as on disk , via the Internet , or over television ) .
The term PC often denotes microcomputers that are either IBM - PCs or compatibles .
The term posting is also used when other types of documents are placed on Internet host computers , such as posting an article in a newsgroup .
The term raster is sometimes used to describe bitmap images .
The term refreshing means recharging the RAM chips with electricity .
The term workstation is also used to describe a single computer on a network ; In this context , a workstation is usually a personal computer .
The terms microcomputer and personal computer are interchangeable , but PC - which stands for personal computer - sometimes has a more specific meaning .
The text is a simple bitmap image .
The text is displayed again as it normally would be .
The text is formatted automatically , but you can easily reformat the text later , using many of the same formatting options available in word processors .
The three basic topologies are bus , star , and ring .
The three guns represent the primary additive colors ( red , green , and blue ) , although the beams they emit are colorless .
The three primary means of distributing new media content are CD - ROM ( or DVD - ROM ) , the Internet , and television .
The tight focus of the laser beam is possible because all the light is the same wavelength .
The title bar of an inactive window is grayed out , meaning that it appears in gray rather than in color .
The token then continues around the ring , and each computer along the way looks at the address until the token reaches the computer with the address that was recorded in the token .
The top folder on any disk is known as the root .
The total mortgage , cell B3 , can be calculated from the monthly payment , years paid , and interest rate .
The total number of bytes is approximate because this simple calculation is based on the average number of sectors per track .
The total of the values in cells A1 to A5 should appear in cell A .
The touch sensitive surface may be only 1.5 or 2 inches square , so the finger never has to move far .
The trackpad 's size also makes it suitable for a notebook computer .
The trackpad ( also called a touchpad ) is a stationary pointing device that many people find less tiring to use than a mouse or trackball .
The tracks are numbered from the outermost circle to the innermost , starting with zero , as shown in Figure 1. .
The transformation from analog to digital lines will affect most users in three simple ways .
The tremendous growth and potential of the PC market has brought many manufacturers into this area .
The trunk table ( also called the main table ) , stores general information - for example , a list of open projects .
The two arms work in concert , operating at right angles as they draw on a stationary piece of paper .
The two data channels can carry voice or data and they can be used simultaneously , so you can transmit data and carry on a conversation at the same time on the same line .
The two main categories of storage technology used today are magnetic storage and optical storage .
The two primary types of game controllers are joysticks and game pads .
The type of computer - based animation receiving the most attention today is character animation : the art of creating a character ( such as a person , an animal , or even a nonorganic item , such as a box or a car ) and making it move in a lifelike manner .
The type used in computers is called Compact Disk Read Only Memory ( CD - ROM ) .
The typical home computer user can connect to the Internet or a private network through DSL at high transmission speeds , often for a cost that is competitive with standard dial - up connections .
The typical presentation program displays a slide in a large document window and provides a wide array of tools for designing and editing slides .
The Unicode standard was developed in 1991 by a joint engineering team from Apple Computer Corporation and Xerox Corporation .
The unit features a built - in modem that connects directly to the Everybook Store , an online outlet where you can download various publications .
The unit features a built - in modem that connects the unit automatically to the SoftBook Press online bookstore , so you can download content directly to the SoftBook Reader .
The unit stores about 1500 pages of text and graphics .
The UNIX and Macintosh operating systems , however , have long supported file names of up to 256 characters .
The UNIX command - line interface .
The USB port supplies power to the connected devices , which means that you do not have to plug them into a power supply .
The USB standard also provides for a data transfer rate of 12 Mb per second , which compares favorably to standard parallel and serial port throughput and is more than adequate for many peripheral devices .
The USB standard is being developed through a joint effort of leaders in the computer and telecommunications industries , including Intel , Microsoft , and several others .
The USB standard may someday eliminate the need for multiple types of buses in a single computer .
The user 's computer ( which can be called the node , workstation , or client ) stores and runs the client portion of the DBMS .
The user can follow the course linearly or skip from topic to topic at will .
The user can move around the room and move objects with the aid of a wand .
The user can then copy the information to a PC , where the image can be edited , copied , printed , embedded in a document , or transmitted to another user .
The user can then use different operations ( cutting , adding , combining , and so on ) to shape the material and create a finished model .
The user could move the mouse only up and down or side to side ( moving diagonally was a problem ) , but the device worked well nonetheless and served as a prototype for the mouse we know today .
The user is outside the environment , which limits the reality effect .
The user is responsible for deciding where and when to go to a particular place within the collection of data .
The user may need to train the software to recognize speech patterns or the pronunciation of some words , but this is relatively simple .
The user must install the Flash and Shockwave plug - in software .
The user plugs in the numbers ; the software does the rest .
The user responds by making a choice , such as moving to a different place in the program or selecting different content .
The users convinced ARPA that these unofficial uses were helping to test the network 's capacity .
The value in the cell disappears and the total in cell A6 changes .
The value is returned to cell A3 and the total in cell A6 updates once more .
The variations in color are related to the intensity of the heat applied .
The variety of clip art is huge , ranging from simple line drawings and cartoons to lush paintings and photographs .
The variety of online publishing opportunities is almost limitless , and people are using them to enhance their businesses , share information , and entertain and educate others .
The various models differ in size , shape , and feel , but except for a few special purpose keys , most keyboards are laid out almost identically .
The vast majority of microcomputers sold today are part of this family .
The vast majority of projectors sold today are PC projectors rather than traditional slide projectors .
The vendor and inventory tables can be linked to maintain and track inventory levels .
The vendor stores your personal and credit card information on a secure server , then places a special file ( called a cookie ) on your computer 's disk .
The versatility of the Clipboard has been extended further with a feature known in Windows as OLE , which stands for Object Linking and Embedding .
The vertical dotted lines represent the left and right margins on the page .
The video cameras used with computers are similar to those used in production studios .
The video controller connects the CPU , via the data bus on the motherboard , to the monitor .
The video controller contains its own on - board processor and memory , called video RAM .
The video controller determines many aspects of a monitor 's performance ; for example , the video controller lets you select a resolution or set the number of colors to display .
The video controller is an interface between the monitor and the CPU .
The Video for Windows format was developed by Microsoft as a way to store compressed audio and video information .
The view is provided by one of the software cameras in the CAD or 3 - D software .
The VINES NOS is commonly found in installations that have large network infrastructures , such as the U . S .
The visible records satisfy a condition that the user sets .
The visitor can wander through the design freely , enter any room at will , take the elevator or the stairs , and even open drawers and cabinets in the virtual furniture !
The Volume Control dialog box opens .
The way data appears on screen contributes to how well users can work with it .
The way your PC displays graphics depends a great deal on your monitor 's settings .
The Web is a convenient place to obtain updated information about your new operating system .
The Web is an excellent resource for learning more about network training and certification programs .
The Web TV service uses a special set - top box to connect to the Internet and provides a set of simple controls to enable the user to navigate the Internet , send e - mail , and perform other tasks on the network while watching television .
The Web was interesting but not particularly exciting tool used by scientific researchers - until 1993 , when Mosaic , a point - and - click Web browser , was developed at the National Center for Supercomputing Applications ( NCSA ) at the University of Illinois .
The WebTV service is a network computer in the home .
The whole computer becomes about the size of a thick pad of paper .
The width of the data bus determines how many bits can be transmitted at a time between the CPU and other devices .
The window that is currently in use is called the active window ; it is the window where your next action will take effect .
The Windows 98 Active Desktop lets the operating system function like a Web browser .
The Windows Explorer , for example , improves on earlier Microsoft operating systems for working with files .
The Windows Help window will appear .
The Windows Update feature enables the Windows 98 operating system to notify the user when updated features are available for downloading on the Internet .
The Winsock standard specifies the Windows interface between TCP / IP applications and network connections .
The word good is returned to its original place .
The word network has several definitions .
The word processor 's main editing window displays a document and several tools , as illustrated in Figure 1. .
The word processor 's real beauty is its ability to work with blocks of text .
The word processor converts the document by inserting all the required HTML codes .
The word processor is the main ( or only ) tool for some professionals , like journalists and secretaries .
The WordPad program will open in its own window .
The workers had also used the company 's e - mail system to send copies of the images to one another and to friends outside the company .
The worksheet in Figure 2.12 lists the total sales of various stereo components over a three - month period .
The World Wide Web ( the Web or WWW ) was created in 1989 at the European Particle Physics Laboratory in Geneva , Switzerland , as a method for incorporating footnotes , figures , and cross - references into online hypertext documents .
The World Wide Web combines text , illustrations , and links to other files in hypertext documents .
The World Wide Web has become a global vehicle for electronic commerce ( e - commerce ) , creating new ways for businesses to interact with one another and their customers .
The World Wide Web is also used at the corporate level to sell products , provide customer services , and support business partnerships among various companies .
The World Wide Web is becoming both an important advertising medium and a channel for distributing software , documents , and information services .
The write head passes over the disk or tape while no current is flowing through the electromagnet .
The write heads of a hard disk drive , diskette drive , or tape drive contain electromagnets , which generate magnetic fields in the iron on the storage medium as the head passes over the disk or tape .
The write heads on the spinning wheel each write data with opposite magnetic polarities on overlapping areas of the tape .
The Xeon is designed for use in network server computers and workstations .
The Xeon Pentium II incorporates a larger Level - 2 cache and features enhanced multiprocessing capabilities .
Their functions are similar , but they work in different ways .
Their functions may be affected by modifier keys , depending on the program you are running .
Their results can be subtle or stunning , obviously artificial , or amazingly lifelike .
Their use of pointing devices , the WYSIWYG interface , and graphics programs made Apple and Macintosh computers a good choice for artists and designers .
Then , with pressure and heat , the toner is transferred off the drum onto the paper .
Then choose Properties to open the Properties dialog box for the printer .
Then click outside the list to close it without changing anything .
Then deselect the word by pressing an arrow key on the keyboard .
Then drag the mouse pointer down through cell A .
Then follow the help system 's directions to open a document and insert a piece of clip art .
Then it drops down a tiny distance and scans another line , as shown in Figure 1.5 .
Then it might tell the ALU to divide the two numbers ( an arithmetic operation ) or to see whether the numbers are equal ( a logical operation ) .
Then play the object by double - clicking its icon during a presentation .
Then the computer can load , or swap in , the program code or data it needs .
Then you can begin to understand how much memory and storage space your files take up ( in bytes , of course ) .
There - fore , it will always be pre - sent in the record for each employee .
There are also medium sized scanners that are sheet fed ; that is , you feed the sheet through the scanner , similar to the way a page is fed through a fax machine .
There are basically two types of terminals used with mainframe systems .
There are four alignment options - left , right , center , and justified ( or full justification ) - as shown in Figure 1.1 .
There are four common uses of wireless communication in networks .
There are four different types of 3 - D modeling programs , and each uses a different technique to create three - dimensional objects .
There are hundreds of utility programs available for personal computers .
There are many different head - mounted VR displays .
There are many different standards in use for hard drives , and the user must make sure that the computer can recognize the hard drive before the two can be used together .
There are many other character sets for languages that use a different alphabet .
There are many sources of clip art on the Web .
There are many types of file formats ; they are important because they tell programs what kind of data is contained in the file and how the data is organized .
There are many ways to obtain access to the Internet .
There are now several specific types of microcomputers , each with its own capabilities , features , and purposes .
There are several fundamental differences between a diskette and a hard disk .
There are several major domains within the Usenet structure and many more alternative domains .
There are several types of DSL available in different markets , each offering different capabilities and rates .
There are several types of flat panel monitors , but the most common is the liquid crystal display ( LCD ) monitor .
There are several ways to get images into a computer for editing .
There are several Web sites that provide data about the Dvorak keyboard layout .
There are tens of thousands of Web sites devoted to e - commerce at the consumer level , ready to give consumers information about products and services , take orders , receive payments , and provide an - the - spot - customer service .
There are three basic topologies : bus , star , and ring .
There are three categories of PC Card technologies : Type I , Type II , and Type III .
There are three major distinctions between storage and memory .
There are two basic solutions to this problem .
There are two basic types of monitor used with PCs .
There are two conductors in coaxial cable .
There are two general categories of fonts : monospace and proportional .
There are two main buses in a computer : the internal ( or system ) bus and the external ( or expansion ) bus .
There are two main categories of liquid crystal displays : active matrix and passive matrix .
There are two main types of networks , distinguished mainly by geography : local area networks ( LANs ) and wide area networks ( WANs ) .
There are two major disadvantages , however , associated with CRT monitors .
There are two types of built - in memory : permanent and nonpermanent .
There are two types of RAM : dynamic and static .
There are various levels of access rights , each one granting a unique set of privileges to users .
There is a microprocessor on the video controller , which frees the CPU from the burden of making the millions of calculations required for displaying graphics .
There is a potential drawback to replying on Internet newsgroups as sources of information .
There is a tremendous array of multimedia content available on the Web .
There is also a demand for translating spoken words into text , much as there is a demand for translating handwriting into text .
There is more room in storage than in memory , just as there is more room in a file cabinet than there is on a tabletop .
There is no danger of collisions because only one packet of data may traverse the ring at a time .
There is probably no greater mark of Linux 's acceptance , however , than the acknowledgment it has received from Microsoft .
There should be an Undo tool on the toolbar .
There was only so much room in the com domain , and some companies found that their name or product name was already being used in someone else 's Internet address .
Therefore , a disk that spins faster can use smaller magnetic charges to make current flow in the read head .
Therefore , all the information for the first person is record 1 , all the information for the second person is record 2 , and so on .
Therefore , if the screen is not refreshed often enough , it appears to flicker , and flicker is one of the main causes of eyestrain .
Therefore , if you want to draw a full - scale , three - dimensional version of the Earth , you can do it .
Therefore , it is important to choose colors carefully .
Therefore , many designers like to conduct virtual tours at the computer , enabling the virtual visitor to take charge of the tour .
Therefore , most computers on the Internet ( except those used exclusively for internal routing and switching ) also have an address called a domain name system ( DNS ) address - an address that uses words rather than numbers .
Therefore , most tags have a starting tag , such as &lt; H1 &gt; , and an ending tag , such as &lt; / H1 &gt; .
Therefore , several private telecommunications companies built their own network back - bones that used the same set of networking protocols as NFSnet .
Therefore , the longest it can take to position a point on the diskette under the read heads is the amount of time required for one revolution - about 0.2 second .
Therefore , these two - sided disks can contain as much as 9.4 GB of data .
Therefore , web designers have adopted a few standards to ensure that their pages download as quickly as possible from the server to the user 's disk .
Thermal wax , dye sublimation , fiery , and IRIS printers are used primarily by print shops and publishers to create high quality color images .
Thermal wax printers are used primarily for presentation graphics and handouts .
Thermal wax printers operate with a ribbon coated with panels of colored wax that melts and adheres to plain paper as colored dots when passed over a focused heat source .
These universal formats should enable you to create a vector file in one program , such as AutoCAD , and use it in another program , such as CorelDRAW or Visio .
These activities do not take place on the Internet , where everyone can access them .
These advances make better use of existing bandwidth .
These applications - developed by companies such as IBM , Oracle , Sybase , and Informix - can manage relational databases with hundreds of unique tables and millions of individual records .
These applications give you all the tools you need to create complex , feature - rich Web sites with as many pages as you like .
These applications help small business owners solve various problems without making a large educational or monetary investment .
These applications usually allow you to create your own macros to automate tasks that you perform frequently or that require several steps ( making them difficult to do manually ) .
These are some of the shortcut keys available in Microsoft Word 2000 .
These books are easy to produce because the telephone company 's electronic database can sort and organize the data in many different ways .
These broadcast features extend beyond television reception to other technologies that enable data to be pushed from the Internet to your computer .
These capabilities make computer - generated characters difficult to distinguish from real ones .
These chips have volatile memory .
These choices are beneficial for many users , but they can also be drawbacks for software companies , music publishers , and others .
These computerized tools - which often read information directly from disk files provided by the architect - help contractors manage costs and make competitive bids .
These computers ease the startup time for computer novices and home computer users because the users are not faced with complicated hardware issues , such as configuring a new CD - ROM player or installing a sound card .
These computers help analyze and forecast global weather patterns , for example , while shedding light on related issues such as pollution , global warming , and the depletion of the earth 's ozone layer .
These databases include a dictionary of words for the spell checker and thesaurus , a list of available fonts , data for mail merges , user preferences , and other types of data .
These demands and technological advances have worked hand in hand to propel the art and science of multimedia to new levels , resulting in products that weave together text , graphics , animation , audio , and video .
These demands extend to the way we work , learn , and entertain ourselves .
These designers use every tool available to obtain the desired results , from simple paint packages to advanced particle - generating effects software , as well as high - end workstations .
These developers are skilled in programming languages such as COBOL , Visual Basic , Java , and C , as well as database query languages such as SQL .
These devices are expensive and more difficult to transport than a standard monitor , but they may be the best solutions for some presentation settings .
These devices are extremely flexible and are used to control many game systems .
These devices are sometimes called Internet PCs , Internet boxes , Internet appliances , or set - top boxes .
These devices are synthetic instruments , so they are called synthesizers .
These devices can be networked with a single store 's computer system or a chain 's wide area network .
These devices convert a bar code , which is a pattern of printed bars on products , into a code the computer can understand .
These devices fall into the category of optical storage because they store data on a reflective surface so it can be read by a beam of laser light .
These devices feature a large built - in hard disk , which can record data or music from the user 's PC or from an audio or data CD .
These devices offer personal information management features by storing date book and contact information for their users .
These differences are easy to demonstrate in floppy disks because there are only a few standard types and formats for diskettes .
These disks , which have the same dimensions as a 3.5 - inch diskette or are slightly larger , have a much greater capacity than a standard diskette .
These disks are sometimes used on high - end workstations or servers that require large amounts of storage .
These disks store data in quantities of 100 MB and 250 MB .
These displays use specialized technologies and have specific uses .
These distributors have obtained permission to reproduce music in MP3 format and make it available on their Web sites , and even resell some music .
These documents are known as Web pages .
These enable users to issue commands quickly by typing a short combination of keystrokes .
These environments require network administrators to have a broad understanding of different operating systems , their capabilities , and their command sets .
These extra tools , along with the tables , combine to form a database , as shown in Figure 2. .
These features enable you to perform two types of tasks .
These features work among the different sheets in a workbook , from one workbook to another , and between the spreadsheet and other applications .
These fields are perhaps at the pinnacle of computer graphics today because they use the most sophisticated tools available to create complex effects for use in video games and movies .
These formats are either incompatible with ( cannot be used by ) other programs or not totally supported by other programs .
These formatting capabilities let you create professional , easily understood worksheets and reports .
These forms accept only certain types of input and therefore enable you to view only the data from a given set of fields for a single record .
These forms are similar in design to those used in data entry , but they are used to display existing data instead of receiving new data .
These four colors are used in almost all color printing because it is possible to combine them to create any color in the visible spectrum .
These FTP sites are housed on FTP servers - archives often containing thousands of individual programs and files .
These FTP sites are housed on FTP servers - archives often containing thousands of individual programs and files .
These images can be presented directly from the computer and displayed on the PC 's screen or projected on a wall or large screen .
These images cover a wide range of subjects , from cartoons to business .
These individuals are responsible for managing a company 's network infrastructure .
These inexpensive yet powerful packages can track inventories , billings , expenses , and much more .
These instructions process audio , video , and graphical data more efficiently than non - MMX processors .
These instructions tell the machine 's physical components what to do ; without them , a computer could not do anything at all .
These Intel next - generation processors follow Merced .
These issues can be so confusing and costly that many companies have been created to deal with network cabling .
These keys are similar to those found on a typewriter .
These keys are sometimes abbreviated as PgUp and PgDn .
These languages enable advanced users to incorporate real programming functions ( such as variables and loops ) into their macros to create programs within programs .
These large - scale applications are often categorized as enterprise software .
These large files require special applications in order to be played in real time across the Web .
These limitations aside , paint programs provide the tools for creating some spectacular effects .
These lists preceded the acceptance of the mouse by PC users .
These managers are responsible for setting up and maintaining Internet , intranet , and extranet sites .
These materials fall into a category of products called computer - based training ( CBT ) .
These menus are sometimes called pull - down menus or drop - down menus .
These methods of connecting to the Internet are discussed later in this book .
These microprocessors were comparable in many respects to chips made by Intel but typically offered less performance at a lower price .
These models typically attain print resolutions of at least 360 dots per inch , comparable to that of most laser printers sold before 1992 .
These monitors are used for text only displays where the user does not need to see color graphics .
These monitors typically are vertically oriented rather than horizontally oriented , thus displaying a full printed page on the screen .
These multimedia products perform online with nearly the same speed and responsiveness provided by CD - ROM - based products .
These new monitors provide an equal or larger diagonal display area , but they take up less desk space and run cooler than traditional CRT monitors .
These objects , which parallel the object structures used in object - oriented programming , can represent anything : a product , an event , a customer complaint , or even a purchase .
These options can be both invigorating and overwhelming to the multimedia professional .
These packages enable the small - business owner to track products , orders , shipments , customers , and much more .
These packages usually contain client programs for email , Telnet , FTP , and other applications , along with a World Wide Web browser and software for connecting to a network using dial - up modem connections , connection through a LAN , or both .
These partnerships and a wide variety of content , combined with attractive prices and ease of use , could finally make electronic publishing a successful reality for publishers of all types .
These performance factors can be important when you are buying a new computer or upgrading your current system .
These ports allow the connection of special devices , which extends the computer 's bus in unique ways .
These practices can actually be faster than waiting for a printout .
These presentations are versatile enough to be distributed through various media .
These printers are often used by publishers and small print shops to create high quality output , especially color output .
These printers can produce sheets of plain text very quickly .
These printers use a spinning wheel with characters embossed around its edge .
These private portions of the Internet were not limited by NSFnet 's appropriate use restrictions , so it became possible to use the Internet to distribute business and commercial information .
These productivity programs are the primary working tools in many organizations .
These products can include audio and video content as well as text and can even provide real - time testing and evaluation to ensure that the user has mastered the concepts or skills being taught .
These products provide a lot of value and most are filled with links to the Web ( so you can find more and updated information ) , but they still have their limitations .
These products use sound , animation , and video clips to make the content come alive .
These professionals frequently use large format plotters and thermal wax printers , which are expensive but indispensable .
These programs ( actually , sets of programs ) are sold by the behemoths of the software industry : Microsoft , Apple , IBM , Santa Cruz Operation ( SCO ) , and Novell .
These programs are called drivers because they allow the operating system and other programs to activate and use - that is , drive - the hardware device .
These programs are packed with features , such as .
These programs are widely used , and they provide an excellent springboard to mastering other types of software .
These programs can help the aspiring business owner find investors .
These programs can provide a foundation for more specialized training and certifications offered by specific technology vendors .
These programs enable you to add different fonts , graphics , and hyperlinks to your Web pages .
These programs help the user quickly create impressive presentations for use in slide shows in overheads and on the computer screen .
These programs offer e - mail software , making it even easier to send a message to someone from the contact list .
These projectors plug into one of the PC 's ports and accept the system 's video output .
These protocols enable a modem to detect errors in the data it is receiving and to request that error - ridden data be resent from its source .
These resolutions are typical for a 17 inch monitor .
These rooms , called Cave Automatic Virtual Environments ( CAVEs ) , contain complex projection and stereo equipment that create a complete virtual world .
These same models can print from two to four pages per minute ( only slightly slower than the slowest laser printers ) .
These servers , in tandem with routers and bridges , do the work of storing and transferring data across the network .
These services use streaming audio and video technology to transmit programming to your PC so it plays smoothly .
These settings include line spacing , paragraph spacing , indents , alignment , tab stops , borders , and shading .
These sites enable students to take classes , interact with instructors , send in homework and projects , and complete exams is while online .
These sites provide interactive catalogs , shopping carts , and secure payment technologies to ensure that the customer 's credit card and personal information is kept confidential .
These small devices typically weigh less than 10 pounds and can display over 16 million colors at resolutions up to 1024 x 768 .
These small format printers use special glossy paper to create medium resolution prints of 150 to 200 dpi .
These special bars are different , so the reader can tell whether the bar code has been read right side up or upside down .
These special boxes often contain instructions telling you exactly what to do .
These special codes are part of a page - description language called Hypertext Markup Language , or HTML .
These specialists also benefit from programming skills , using languages such as Java , VisualBasic , and others that are widely used on the Internet .
These specialized , single - user computers possess extremely powerful and fast CPUs , large - capacity hard disks , high - resolution displays , sophisticated video cards , and lots of RAM .
These systems zoom the contents of the screen so it appears large enough for the visually impaired user to read .
These systems , which also produce large size drawings , are faster and cheaper to use than their mechanical counterparts .
These systems are built to process huge amounts of data , and the fastest supercomputers can perform more than 1 trillion calculations per second .
These systems are designed to support data sharing , scheduling , and workgroup activities within an organization .
These systems are larger than PDAs or miniature notebooks , but they are not quite as large as typical notebook PCs , with features somewhere between the two .
These systems are sometimes called pen - based organizers .
These systems are sometimes networked to regional or national databases of automotive information .
These systems convert text to audio output for blind or visually impaired users .
These tags , which surround the text they affect , tell the browser how to display the text , whether as a heading , a table , a link , normal text , and so on .
These techniques minimize keystrokes and leave a hand free to use a pointing device .
These technological improvements span a broad range - from general system settings that can make a PC more useful to nearly anyone , to disability specific hardware that can help a user overcome a physical challenge as it applies to the computer .
These technologies are used in products of all kinds , from games to Web sites , and are found in both CD - ROM - based and Web - based multimedia events .
These technologies enable developers to create sophisticated content using almost any type of medium and allow the end user to play the content in a seamless manner .
These technologies enable us to play games and watch movies , experience multimedia events , and use the PC as a telecommunications tool .
These technologies piggyback the network signal on the telephone cable without affecting voice traffic , so you can continue to use the telephone for calls .
These televisions draw their pictures twice as fast as a standard television .
These templates function just like normal word processing templates , which you learned about earlier in this Chapter .
These terms are all defined in detail in the following sections .
These thin displays are created by sandwiching a special gas ( such as neon or xenon ) between two sheets of glass .
These three images were saved at different resolutions : 72 ppi , 144 ppi , and 244 ppi , from left to right .
These tiny devices cost around $ 200 and can store about an hour 's worth of MP3 - format music .
These tiny systems are also called palmtop computers .
These tools are handy if you want to add callouts to specific elements of a slide .
These tools fall into the category of optical input devices .
These tools include a menu bar displaying titles of command categories from which you can select hundreds of commands and options .
These tools include the following .
These topologies are so named because of the shape of the network they create .
These training programs ( called computer - based training , or CBT ) are sometimes done online but can also be provided on disk .
These two points are called the keyframes because they represent the most important focal points in the action .
These two screens show a Web page 's source code and the results in a browser .
These two tape drives are made by Seagate Technology , Inc .
These types of animation do not require the browser to spawn ( launch ) an external application for viewing , as is the case with multimedia types displayed in Windows Media Player , Quick Time , and others .
These types of expansion devices for notebook computers were formerly referred to as PCMCIA cards , but now are referred to as simply PC Cards .
These types of software may not be referred to as database or database management programs ; instead they are called personal information managers , personal organizers , and other names .
These utilities not only help you transfer files to a backup medium , they also help organize the files , update backups , and restore backups to disk in case of data loss .
They all remain stationary and can even be built into the keyboard .
They allow the user to remove ( swap out ) a hard disk and insert ( swap in ) another while the computer is still on ( hot ) .
They allow you to input commands without typing long strings of characters or navigating menus or dialog boxes .
They also include rules for several categories of application programs , so programs that run on different kinds of computers can talk to one another .
They also make it easy to copy documents created by others .
They also use word processors to create other documents , such as proposals , reports , letters , and so on .
They always contain the same chart updated with the most recent numbers .
They are calls because the program has to call on the operating system to provide some information or service .
They are a fact of life , a common thread that ties together our education , work , and home life .
They are all fabricated from the same basic types of components and they all need instructions to make them run .
They are also the basis for many small digital devices , such as H / PCs .
They are also used to edit nonphotographic images and to create images from scratch .
They are also used to print very wide sheets , as data processing departments often use when generating large reports with wide columns of information .
They are also used to store and support thousands or millions of transactions per day on active Web sites , such as the popular electronic auction and retail Web sites .
They are also very slow in comparison to other printers .
They are especially useful when giving presentations because the presenter often walks around the room instead of sitting at a computer .
They are familiar with powerful databases such as Sybase , DB2 , Oracle , and others .
They are not as prevalent now , although dot matrix printers are still popular in business and academic settings because they are relatively fast and inexpensive to operate , and they do a good job of printing text and simple graphics .
They are not practical for notebook computers , which must be small and need a battery built into the computer to run .
They are often housed in protective rooms with special cooling systems , power protection , and other security features .
They are often involved with altering the database based on system enhancements and upgrades to the DBMS software .
They are popular in racing and flying games .
They are saved together in a special animated GIF file , which a browser can display .
They are simply a collection of pixels .
They are sometimes referred to as object - oriented programs because each item drawn whether it is a line , square , rectangle , or circle - is treated as a separate and distinct object from all the others .
They are typically used by large organizations such as universities , government agencies , and very large businesses .
They are used in low end portable systems ( especially handheld computers ) to keep costs down .
They are useful for problems requiring complex calculations .
They are well suited for simple applications such as automated teller machines or public information kiosks .
They believe that once an image has been digitized , it enters the public domain , in other words , it is the property of no one and free for anyone to use .
They can also be a convenient channel for finding answers to questions .
They can also help the user categorize income and expenses and do tax planning .
They can also produce full color renderings as well as geometric line drawings , making them more useful than standard mechanical plotters .
They can be placed almost anywhere on the page , aligned in different ways , sized , incorporated in tables , and used as backgrounds .
They can be shown with or without commas , decimal points , and so forth .
They can play without interrupting the flow of the presentation to start another application such as a tape player or VCR .
They can run more types of miniaturized applications than their smaller counterparts , but those applications still do not provide the features of normal desktop software .
They could not receive instructions or deliver the results of their work .
They create bold colors and have a low per page cost for pages with heavy color requirements .
They display blurry images in less than optimal lighting conditions .
They do not hum behind sealed , glass walls in climate - controlled environments .
They enable you to share resources such as printers , disk space , and backup systems more efficiently , something that is often more important for home users than for business users because of the difference in budgets .
They frequently enlist the help of marketers , who may use focus groups to determine what consumers want from a specific type of product or to get reviews about competing products .
They joined forces to develop OS / 2 Warp ( originally called just OS / 2 ) , a multitasking , GUI - based operating system for Intel microprocessors .
They lack the power of a desktop or notebook PC , but they offer specialized features for users who need only limited functions and small size .
They let you create backups and store data in a safe format .
They let you move around the screen .
They offer capacities up to 250 MB and the same portability as standard floppy disks .
They offer faster data transfer rates and higher bandwidths than standard telephone lines .
They offer features not normally found on a phone , such as personal organizers or access to the Web .
They provide an electronic shopping basket or shopping cart where you can temporarily store information about items you want to buy .
They range in size from a paperback book to a note - book , with a surface occupied by a large LED display .
They require a great deal of accuracy .
They store digitized images ( in on - board flash memory , and on removable media such as a PC card , floppy disk , or disk cartridge ) for transfer into a computer .
They use heat and pressure to bond tiny particles of toner ( a dry ink ) to paper .
They usually have multiple terminals .
They want to see whether the image is crisp and clear , and whether the monitor can display colorful graphics well .
They were an early favorite among companies that built larger , UNIX - based computers , such as the NCR Tower series and the AT &amp; T 3B series .
Thick coax is the older standard and is seldom installed in new networks .
Think about the issues that must be addressed by television , cable , and satellite companies as interactivity becomes a more integral part of television programming .
Think of storage as an electronic file cabinet and RAM as an electronic worktable .
Think of the control unit as a traffic cop directing the flow of data through the CPU , and to and from other devices .
Think of the Problem in Different Ways .
Third , many PhotoCDs store the images at several different resolutions , making them available for different purposes .
Third , printing requires a lot of energy - from producing the paper to running it through a printer .
Third , Windows 95 has an improved graphical interface .
This accuracy also extends to the other end of the scale .
This action is also called launching the program .
This action was necessary because many companies and private groups were finding it difficult to devise a suitable domain name for their Internet sites .
This adjustment can reduce image quality .
This animation cycle shows the beginning and ending keyframes and some of the tweens that fall between them .
This approach to network communications is called carrier sense multiple access or collision detection .
This arrangement allows each node to have access to the files on the server but not necessarily to files on other nodes .
This arrangement is also called a one - to - many relationship because each parent table may have many child tables , but each child has only one parent .
This arrangement is handy for videoconferencing , where multiple users see and talk to one another in real time over a network or Internet connection .
This arrangement is vastly different from most computer networks , which transmit packets of data and are therefore referred to as packet - switched systems .
This arrangement places the PCs 10 feet apart , which is the perfect spacing for cubicles .
This arrangement takes advantage of the hard disk 's potential capacity and enables a typical hard disk to store data more efficiently than a floppy disk .
This book introduces you to the basic structure and features of the Internet .
This book provides many excellent examples of the graphics capabilities of DTP software .
This book uses the term PC as a simple abbreviation for personal computer , referring to both IBM - compatible models and Apple 's Macintosh line .
This buffer - and - play technique is an effective method for playing a large file quickly without waiting for the entire file to download .
This button lets you change quickly the function of other designated keys on the keyboard .
This CAD model of a spray nozzle for a hose was created using solid modeling techniques .
This can also lead to career advancement opportunities .
This can be a problem for operating Systems , such as Windows 2000 and Windows NT Workstation , that consume a great deal of system resources .
This capability eliminates the need to navigate menus and provides instant results .
This capability enables you to create data in one program and use it again in other programs without re - creating it .
This capability frees individual users from keeping separate copies of data and programs on their own computers .
This capability is important because it allows the heads to access data randomly rather than sequentially .
This capability is important for telecommuters , or people who work from home or a remote location rather than the office .
This capability is necessary because some time elapses between the pressing of a key and the computer 's reading of that key from the keyboard buffer .
This cartridge is necessary because of the Pentium II 's single edge connector connection scheme .
This category includes many different types of devices .
This category is usually the tie breaker for shoppers who cannot decide between a flat panel and CRT monitor .
This challenge is where the interactivity component comes into play .
This chapter examines several categories of alternative input devices and discusses the special uses of each .
This chapter examines the most common technologies used for interconnecting computers to large private networks , and to public networks such as the Internet .
This chapter introduces you to basic multimedia concepts and explains how multimedia works .
This chapter introduces you to the primary operating systems used on personal computers and describes the basic features of each .
This chapter looks at the processors most commonly found in personal computers , and their manufacturers .
This chapter provides an overview of the options for connecting a computer to the Internet and shows you how the Internet , intranets , and extranets are affecting the workplace and the way we conduct business transactions .
This chapter will help you understand how artists use each type of program and why .
This characteristic is useful if you need to line up columns of type .
This characteristic is why paint programs are often described as being resolution - dependent ; the image 's appearance may change depending on the resolution at which it is displayed .
This code is called the key 's scan code .
This combination is what is meant by the term multimedia - using more than one type of medium at the same time .
This combination of digital and analog lines makes for an extremely confusing system , especially when you are transmitting data through a modem .
This combination of features makes Windows 2000 the most powerful and easy - to - use Windows ever made and should bring a unified look and feel to all Windows - based computers .
This community invites Linux users and developers to contribute modifications and enhancements , and it freely shares information about Linux and Linux - related issues .
This configuration is true regardless of the length of the track .
This configuration lets you place the mouse to the left of the keyboard , control the mouse with your left hand , and use your left forefinger for most mouse actions .
This confusion is due to the proliferation of new standards ; telecommunications technology improves so swiftly that companies continually develop products that exceed the capabilities of existing ones .
This connection gives users access to mainframe data and services and also enables them to take advantage of local storage and processing , as well as other features of the PC or network .
This CPU - resident cache is often called Level - 1 ( L1 ) cache .
This demand explains why television news channels commonly feature text that crawls across the bottom of the screen while an announcer talks and videotaped images roll .
This development promises to make computers smaller , faster , and less expensive .
This device is not a laptop computer .
This device performs a function similar to a typical modem except that it connects the computer to the Internet through the cable TV system .
This device was designed initially for use in notebook computers and other computers that are too small to accept a standard expansion card .
This dialog box shows the process of the utility as it defragments the files on the hard disk .
This document may answer all your hardware - related questions and may be found on the developer 's Web site .
This document may be a single disclaimer or may take the form of an FAQ .
This dominance began to change in 1998 when several leading computer makers ( most notably Compaq and Gateway , as well as others ) began offering lower - priced systems using chips made by AMD and Cyrix .
This dot - by - dot approach allows a high degree of flexibility , but it also has a few drawbacks .
This dream , however , has been hampered by two problems : limited bandwidth and a lack of technologies that support streaming multimedia content .
This easy access to images , however , has also created a cottage industry of graphics piracy because some Internet users gather large quantities of images and distribute them online .
This effect can almost make the slide appear as if it is in motion .
This electronic memory allows the CPU to store and retrieve data quickly .
This enables the user to transfer images from the video equipment to the PC , and vice versa .
This enhancement allows the pixels to be refreshed much more rapidly , so submarining is not a problem with these monitors .
This example is posted on the Web site of Road Runner , an ISP in Charlotte , North Carolina .
This exclusivity is achieved by using the NT File System ( NTFS ) , a high - performance file system that replaces the older FAT file system introduced by MS - DOS .
This exercise assumes that you have a presentation program installed on your computer .
This fact explains why you must save your work when using an application .
This factor can have a significant impact on the way a product behaves or the features it can offer .
This feature allows a user to query by example ( QBE ) or to perform intuitive queries .
This feature allows people to share files even when they do not have access to the same storage devices .
This feature can catch many common mistakes , such as failing to capitalize the first word of a sentence .
This feature eliminates copying or pasting the document or searching for the file by using operating system tools .
This feature enables almost all modems to exchange data with one another .
This feature enables your cable TV provider to offer Internet access at significantly higher transmission speeds than you could achieve with a dial - up modem .
This feature enhances the security of sensitive business data and prevents users from filling disks with unneeded programs .
This feature is called word wrap .
This feature keeps the pad handy and frees a port that would otherwise be used by the trackpad .
This feature lets you perform calculations in one worksheet , but your calculations can also use data from a different worksheet in the same workbook , or from worksheets in other workbooks .
This feature saves money by reserving colored ink only for color printing .
This feature saves the time it would take you to type the formula .
This field type converts a date or time entry into a numeric value , just as dates and times are stored internally as serial numbers in spreadsheet cells .
This file contains the MIDI codes that describe each MIDI event , such as playing a particular note on a keyboard .
This form lets the user work with information for a single record .
This formula adds the values in the five cells that comprise the range D5 through D .
This gear is an example of a CAD model rendered with surface modeling techniques .
This IBM S / 390 is the heart of many mainframe computer systems .
This image demonstrates how a photo - manipulation program can be used to combine a traditional photograph with computer - generated graphics effects .
This image shows the complex HTML code used for an interactive , frame - based tutorial on mainframe computer systems .
This improved accuracy but greatly slowed the data entry process .
This increase in power has encouraged UNIX software manufacturers to offer UNIX software in PC formats as well .
This increasingly complex architecture is primarily responsible for the continually increasing power and speed of the Intel processor line .
This indicates that you plan to work with it .
This innovation increased the speed of the system dramatically .
This interactive retirement planning program , available from the Charles Schwab &amp; Co . Web site , can help you determine how much you need to save for retirement and create a plan for investing .
This is a simple page , viewed in Netscape Navigator , which was created in a word processor .
This is why some artists put photo - manipulation programs in the same category as paint programs .
This issue is specially important for persons who access the Internet over a corporate network because their employers become involved in cases where copyright or trademarks are violated .
This issue is the most essential that developers must tackle , and it is discussed in detail long before actual development work begins .
This key 's function depends on your program or operating environment .
This key ( called the Alternate key ) operates like the Ctrl key , except that it produces a different set of results .
This key , which features an image of a menu , opens an on screen shortcut menu in Windows based application programs .
This key , which features the Windows logo ( and is sometimes called the Windows logo key ) ,opens the Start menu in the Windows 95,98,2000 , and NT operating systems on most computers 
This key allows the user to capture whatever is shown on the screen as an image .
This key does not function at all in some programs .
This key enables you to erase characters you have just typed .
This key produces different results depending on the program you are using .
This keyboard layout ( designed in the 1930s by a teacher named August Dvorak ) places the most commonly used letters in the middle row of keys , making them easier to reach .
This knowledge will enable you to make sound decisions on upgrading and replacing your hardware .
This knowledge will enable you to troubleshoot many problems that users encounter between the hardware and operating system .
This lack of autonomy is especially true of personal computer systems , which are the focus of this book and which are designed specifically for use by people .
This lack of commonality has forced developers to create universal file formats , which enable users of one program to work with files created in other programs .
This lack of ownership is an important feature of the Internet , because it means that no single person or group controls the network .
This lack of vision , however , did not stop ( or even slow ) the visionary of Engelbart .
This language allows a document 's author to embed hypertext links ( also called hyperlinks or just links ) in the document .
This led to the first microcomputers that began appearing in 1975 .
This lesson also shows you how computers can output sounds by merging new ( digital ) and old ( analog ) technologies .
This lesson introduces you to the basics of hard copy output devices .
This lesson introduces you to the keyboard and mouse .
This lets you decide whether you want to keep or delete the picture .
This level of bandwidth is also known as T1 service .
This level of interactivity is the primary difference between computer - based multimedia programs and other kinds of multimedia events .
This limitation is not true of online references .
This limitation may change , however , as two - way Internet and satellite connections are integrated into television programming .
This limitation provides you the information you need without jeopardizing the security of the database .
This line of chips is often referred to as the 80x86 line .
Many , many jobs require workers to create documents .
This made commands easier to issue because users could select them visually from menus and dialog boxes by operating the mouse .
This makes the formula much more comprehensible because words convey more meaning than cell addresses .
This mark , called the cursor or insertion point , can appear on the screen as a small box , a vertical line , or some other symbol .
This may require restarting the system for the new hardware 's settings to take effect .
This means that a computer can be applied to many different types of tasks .
This measurement refers to the distance between processors imprinted on the chip .
This memorandum spells out proposals for the future management of Internet domains and proposes seven new top - level domain names for future use .
This method combines and sends signals to reduce errors introduced by converting PC to TV signals , resulting in a clearer picture .
This method enables the modem to send and receive more data in less time than is possible when dealing with uncompressed data .
This method enables transistors to be placed closer together .
This method is called cooperative multitasking and is used to allow activities such as printing while the user continues to type or use the mouse to input more data .
This method means that 100 feet of cable must be purchased and installed .
This model shows how polygonal modeling techniques can be used .
This motherboard - resident cache is often called Level - 2 cache .
This need has already driven up the demand for multimedia developers who can design content for the Internet , particularly the Web .
This new generation of network administrators needed not only an in - depth understanding of computers and general networking technologies , they also needed training in the specific systems used by their new employers .
This one is an uninstalled program , which completely removes installed programs and their associated files from a hard disk .
This openness has attracted tens of millions of users to the Internet .
This option can immediately rule out star and bus topologies because the network cannot be brought down every time someone changes an office .
This option is more expensive than tape , however , and unless rewritable CDs are used , the data cannot be overwritten .
This option is possible because the telephone system is really just a giant electronic network owned by the telephone companies .
This option is the best choice if you want to .
This organization works to establish international standards and publishes documents describing each technology .
This out - of - order execution means that instructions that cannot be executed immediately are put aside while the Pentium Pro begins processing other instructions .
This page is the first one you see when you type the site 's basic URL .
This part of the development process is common to the development of many , many types of products - from potato chips to self - help books , from automobiles to video games .
This pen like device is sometimes called a stylus .
This Pentium II - class processor operates at speeds of 433 MHz and can be found in PCs from various manufacturers .
This personalized start page can be on your computer 's hard drive or a page from any Web site .
This phenomenon has prompted computer makers to announce their support for Linux , and many are offering Linux as the pre - installed OS on certain PCs and servers .
This placement of tags permits precise formatting control within a document .
This practice is rooted in an ongoing distrust of computers .
This practice requires thought and discipline but can actually make your work life easier and less expensive , saving your time , storage space , and money .
This practice wastes paper , electricity , storage space , and natural resources .
This printed circuit board fits into one of the computer 's expansion slots and provides a port on the back of the PC , where the network cable can be attached .
This process can be difficult if you place the text over another part of the image .
This process could last a few minutes or it could last a few hours if the disk is severely fragmented .
This process is called booting - because the boot program makes the computer pull itself up by its bootstraps .
This process is called daisy - chaining .
This process is called digitizing .
This process is called encoding and results in much smaller image files than would be possible if they were not encoded .
This process is known as videoconferencing .
This process is shown in Figure 1.1 .
This process is shown in Figure 1. .
This process requires still another type of software that can understand all the different types of media , combine them , control the sequences in which they appear , and create navigational tools and an interface for the user .
This product , from NuvoMedia , Inc . , is about the size of a typical paperback book .
This product can hold 4000 pages of text and graphics in its memory , which is enough space for several long books .
This product displays a popular method of navigation in multimedia programs .
This program determines whether the disk has the basic components that are necessary to run the operating system successfully .
This protects the data in case one disk fails .
This radiation is not thought to be harmful , but it is there just the same .
This range of options makes the microcomputer the computer for the masses and explains why so many systems have appeared in offices , homes , briefcases , and even pockets over the past few years .
This rate is much slower than that of a typical hard drive , which transfers data at rates of 5 to 15 MBps ( megabytes per second ) .
This requirement is especially true for architects and engineers , whose drawings are used in the construction of buildings or products .
This requirement may mean giving the user multiple pieces of information simultaneously - such as a rotating 3 - D image of a motor , an audio description of its function , and pop - up text boxes that provide more information when the user points at certain parts of the graphic .
This requires the CPU to send information to the video controller about every pixel on the screen .
This restriction applies even if you edit the image ; making changes to someone else 's work does not make you the owner .
This routine is initiated by a part of the system software located in read - only memory ( ROM ) , a chip that contains brief , permanent instructions for starting the computer .
This rule does not apply to other careers , some of which demand a mastery of different hardware platforms , operating systems , and network systems .
This safeguard guarantees consistency throughout the database .
This saves the step of acquiring existing photographs or developing and printing film based photos which must be scanned into the computer .
This scheme simplifies what would be a set of two - dimensional coordinates into a single numeric address .
This screen is set to display more than 16 million colors , making it a good choice for viewing multimedia content and browsing the World Wide Web .
This screen shows a database of products sold by a company .
This section discusses three useful techniques : what - if analysis , goal seeking , and sorting .
This section introduces you to the two main categories of software , and explains the purpose of each kind .
This section looks at the fundamental differences and similarities between these two types of devices .
This service is almost always free .
This set of steps is called the machine cycle .
This setup can be an expensive proposition , from two points of view .
This setup enables users to work in a Weblike graphical environment using a Web browser as their interface to corporate data .
This setup is not always possible because enough contiguous sectors may not be available .
This setup is not used much anymore .
This simple birthday card was created in a word processing application , it features colors , rotated text , and clip art graphics .
This simple favor can become a major headache if the caller turns out to be a telemarketer or recruiter who then starts calling everyone on the list .
This site features a Shockwave game based on the movie Jurassic Park .
This skill level includes both experience with computers ( or the specific technology on which the product will be delivered ) and with the product 's core subject matter .
This smaller size enables the processor to run faster and process more instructions per second .
This software may accompany the scanner or it may be included with a graphics program .
This special type of impact printer works like a dot matrix printer but uses a special wide print head that can print an entire line of text at one time .
This speed and power make supercomputers ideal for handling large and highly complex problems that require extreme calculating power .
This Spressa drive , made by Sonny Electronics , Inc . , is an example of CD - ReWritable ( CD - RW ) technology .
This SQL query opens the Employees table and extracts a list of all employees whose hire date is after 01 / 01 / 1993 .
This standard code system would enable any programmer or program to use the same combinations of numbers to represent the same individual pieces of data .
This step may be needed if the processor can execute instructions out of order .
This story was embraced by the producers of a 1999 made for television movie , titled Pirates of Silicon Valley .
This substitution saves the effort of calculating how to change the characteristics of thousands of individual pixels .
This supercomputer is the Cray T90 .
This tactic could be difficult when dealing with a large group of slides or an impatient audience .
This task involves knowing when to make the backups and what backup media and devices are the best for the job .
This task often requires experience with several technologies , including networking , data communications , remote access software , and Internet technologies .
This team member designs the pedagogy , or instructional system , for how material is taught , if the product is educational .
This technique enables you to present slides out of order or even mark slides as they appear on the screen .
This technique is called drag and drop editing .
This technique works with many types of objects , from audio files to full - motion video .
This technological innovation started an explosion of digital connectivity for both businesses and individual users .
This technology is easy to integrate because it does not require installation of new media and does not affect voice calls ; you can continue to use the home network even while making telephone calls .
This term is important and actually has two meanings .
This term is used when referring to more than one member of the Windows 3 family .
This terminology refers to the size of the registers in the processor .
This text has been generated with a bitmap - based paint program , so the text is actually composed of tiny blocks , called pixels .
This text was drawn in a paint program that does not allow layering .
This tool , called Shockwave , enables Web designers to create high - quality animation or video , complete with au - dio , that plays directly within the browser win - dow .
This total is enough for every unique character and symbol in the world , including the vast Chinese , Korean , and Japanese character sets and those found in known classical and historical texts .
This trend has important implications for users as well as for telephone companies .
This type of access is called read - only access because the users can read ( retrieve ) data but cannot write changes to the master data files .
This type of arrangement requires specialized software for both the individual node and the network server .
This type of communication , however , requires an unobstructed line of sight between the two antennae .
This type of communication can be inefficient because data communication tends to be erratic .
This type of connection is an option for a stand - alone computer that does not connect to the Internet through an Internet service provider , as discussed later .
This type of connection is commonly used by businesses to provide the LAN 's users with Internet access .
This type of content can be provided entirely over the Internet or a corporate intranet , using streaming audio and video technologies at the server end , and browser and plug - in technologies at the user 's PC .
This type of device is a handy add on for notebook computers , whose numeric keys can be difficult to use .
This type of domain name is often called a top - level domain .
This type of drive is handy because it can create CDs without tying up resources on the user 's PC .
This type of file transfer usually is an FTP operation and is available through many different Web sites .
This type of formatting is also called low - level formatting or soft formatting .
This type of H / PC is sometimes called a mini - notebook computer .
This type of memory is called nonvolatile .
This type of memory is referred to as random - access memory because of its ability to access each byte of data directly .
This type of monitor is sometimes used by document designers , such as desktop publishing specialists , newspaper or magazine compositors , and other persons who create high quality printed documents .
This type of monitor uses a large vacuum tube , called a cathode ray tube ( CRT ) .
This type of network installation requires installation of additional cable , which is not difficult if all the computers share the same room or in cases where cable can be installed during construction of the home .
This type of performance is usually measured in megabits per second ( Mbps ) or megabytes per second ( MBps ) .
This type of pointing device is also available on some models of desktop computer keyboards .
This type of printer can produce an image with a resolution of 1800 dpi .
This type of printer is nearly obsolete but can still be found where older systems are used .
This type of projector is rapidly replacing traditional slide projectors and overhead projectors as a means for displaying presentations .
This type of protection prevents unwanted changes from being made to the data .
This type of server is called a mail server .
This type of software can provide many cameras , so the user can change views of a project at any time during the design process or even see multiple views at once on the screen .
This type of software includes scheduling software , e - mail , and document management software .
This type of software is called enterprise software because it is suited to the needs of large organizations with extensive hardware and software .
This type of system uses parallel - processing techniques ; that is , the system harnesses multiple processors that share the processing workload .
This unique address enables other users to send messages to you and enables you to send messages to others .
This variation can create great confusion among customers and has slowed DSL 's acceptance .
This vector is defined as a line stretching between two endpoints , not as a set of pixels .
This version is a more powerful version of the server edition .
This version is fine - tuned for use as a network server for the average business , with SMP support for up to two processors .
This version is found primarily on office PCs .
This version is the most powerful of the server edition .
This view is also suitable for viewing lists of records that you group together in some meaningful way , such as all customers who live in the same city .
This Web - based resource enables Windows to connect to Microsoft periodically via the Internet to update your operating system , eliminating the need to buy CD - ROM or floppy disk - based upgrades .
This work involves a variety of original media , which are changed to digital form for manipulation on the modern artist 's canvas , the computer .
Those groups include the alphanumeric keys , numeric keypad , function keys , modifier keys , and cursor movement keys .
Those who control important information , or who simply know how to access and use it , are key players in the information based economy .
Thousands of applications are available for many purposes and for people of all ages .
Three - dimensional ( 3 - D ) modeling programs are used to create spectacular visual effects .
Three - dimensional de - sign started in CAD programs during the late 1980s as a way to allow designers to view their designs from all possible angles on screen .
Three - dimensional modeling programs work by creating objects via surface , solid , polygonal , or spline - based modeling .
Three - dimensional objects can also be given realistic textures and patterns ; they can be animated or made to fly through space .
Three of the most important terms to know about databases are listed below .
Throughout his career , he has described or developed technology that was considered to be ahead of its time .
Throughout this tapestry runs the thread of reduced privacy .
Thus , a song that requires 10 MB of uncompressed storage space can be reduced to 1 MB or less .
Thus , a variety of content comes together , converging into one digital stream .
Thus , if a company has already invested in many such programs , it can continue to use its familiar programs while migrating to the new operating system .
Thus , newsgroups are also one of the biggest sources of misinformation and rumors in the Internet .
Thus , scsi is like an extension cord for the data bus .
Thus , software costs are greatly reduced .
Thus , submarining and blurry graphics are less troublesome than they were before the dual scan technique was developed .
Thus , the computer must send 307,200 bytes to the monitor for each screen .
Thus , the iron bar becomes polarized ; that is , its ends have opposite magnetic polarity .
Thus , the user can view normal television programming as well as content from the Internet , such as Web pages , e - mail , and more .
Thus , to move the line from location A to location B , all the computer does is substitute the coordinates for location A with those for location B .
Tical disks are covered later in this lesson .
To a computer , everything is a number .
To a computer , when a switch is off , it represents a 0 ; when a switch is on , it represents a 1 .
To access most of the services on the Internet , you can use stand - alone applications such as the Web browsers , e - mail clients , and other types of software described so far .
To accomplish this feat , the operating system maintains a list of the contents of a disk on the disk itself .
To accomplish this feat of data communication , the company can attach routers connected over public utilities ( such as telephone lines ) to create a WAN .
To achieve optimum performance , the read head must be extremely close to the surface of the disk without actually touching the disk .
To achieve these goals , torvalds decided that Linux would be built from the ground up , without using any code from any commercial version of UNIX .
To add text to a text box , simply click in the box to place the insertion point there and then type your text , as shown in Figure 1. .
To add the Web site to your browser 's Favorites list , take these steps .
To be more precise , however , a database file that consists of a single data table is called a flat - file ( or sequential file ) database .
To be really useful , however , it also needs a place to keep program files and related data when it is not using them .
To become marketable in this field , you need a thorough background in multimedia authoring and distribution .
To capture and hold the user 's attention and to remain competitive with other products , a multimedia program must provide three features .
To change a label or a date , you simply select its cell and make the desired changes .
To combat this problem , some newsgroups are overseen by a moderators - someone who sorts through articles before they are posted and weeds out those that are obviously meant to misinform , spread rumors , or insult someone .
To communicate with other parts of the network , each computer must follow a network protocol - a language computers use for communicating data .
To complete the following exercises , you need a computer with an Internet connection and a Web browser .
To complete the following exercises , you need a computer with an Internet connection and a Web browser .
To complete the following exercises , you need a computer with an Internet connection and a Web browser .
To complete the following exercises , you need a computer with an Internet connection and a Web browser .
To complete the following exercises , you need a computer with an Internet connection and a Web browser .
To complete the following exercises , you will need a computer with an Internet connection and a Web browser .
To compress a song in MP3 format , you need a special program called a ripper .
To connect LANs , a gateway may be required to enable them to share data in a way that the different LANs can understand .
To connect multiple peripherals , you can use an inexpensive USB hub , which provide additional ports for chaining multiple devices together .
To correct the misspelling , the artist must select the letter m and delete it .
To cover all the bases , a multimedia development team usually includes people with various skills who adhere to a complex but well - defined development process .
To create , send , and receive e - mail , you need an e - mail program ( also called an e - mail client ) and an Internet connection through an ISP or LAN .
To create a chart , select the data to be charted , select a chart type , and set the desired chart options .
To create a database , you must first set up its tables and define the types of fields each table will contain .
To create a motion sequence , the animator needs to create only the keyframes .
To create a new database , you must first determine what kind of data will be stored in each table .
To create a page for the Web , you need to format the page with special codes that explain how the page will appear and behave in a Web browser ( a program like Netscape Navigator , for example ) .
To create a slide , you can choose a slide type , as shown in Figure 1. .
To create an HTML document in a word processor , create a document as you normally would .
To define the audience for their product , developers ask questions such as these .
To deselect a selected block of text , click the mouse anywhere on the screen or press any arrow key .
To digitize sound , the waves are converted to an electric current measured thousands of times per second and recorded as a number .
To enable users to read and write files , network managers can assign different types of access rights to each user .
To ensure that this person has the correct telephone number , you agree to e - mail your corporate phone directory .
To execute or run one of the menu commands , you click it .
To experience the fun and interactivity available through Shockwave technology , visit some Shocked Web sites .
To familiarize yourself with the binary system , look at Table 1. .
To find files quickly , you can organize them using folders .
To find help on your hard drive , open the help system and look for answers .
To find more basic information about the Internet , visit these Web sites .
To find out if there are any images on your hard disk , launch Windows Explorer and select the icon for your hard disk .
To format a document in HTML , a designer places HTML tags throughout the document .
To format each quotation , you must take the following steps .
To format text , you select it and then apply formats by using the toolbars or options from the Format menu .
To gain entrance to the extranet 's resources , an external user ( such as a telecommuter or business partner ) typically must log on to the network by providing a valid user ID and password .
To get help with the Windows OS , for example , click the Start button and choose Help from the Start menu .
To get involved in Internet - related products , these programmers learn a wide variety of languages , including Perl , VisualBasic , Java , and others .
To get these presentations onto the big screen , pc projectors are becoming increasingly common .
To give built - in devices - such as hard disks and diskette drives - access to the computer 's bus via controller cards .
To give special - purpose devices access to the computer .
To help PC makers build computers capable of running newer generations of multimedia products , industry groups have defined minimum standards for multimedia PCs .
To help you visualize how a database stores data , think about a typical address book like the one shown in Figure 2. .
To improve your employability - even if you plan to use no other kind of software in your work - basic word processing and spreadsheet skills are essential .
To insert clip art or another type of graphic in a slide , you can select the appropriate image from your software 's collection of graphics ( as shown in Figure 1.6 ) or import an image file such as a scanned photograph or clip art .
To keep Linux open , torvalds posted a message on the Internet in 1991 inviting programmers around the world to help him develop the new operating system .
To launch the program , click the Start menu , point to Programs , and point to Accessories ; then click Windows Paint .
To maintain compatibility with the visitor 's browser , designers create Web - page graphics in two file formats : GIF and JPG .
To make large collections of data useful , individuals and organizations use computers and an efficient data management system .
To mark text for editing , you select the text to be edited .
To measure the access time of a drive effectively , you must test many reads of randomly chosen sectors - a method that approximates the actual read instructions a disk drive would receive under normal circumstances .
To move the pointer around the screen , you roll the ball with your thumb .
To navigate the worksheet , you need to understand its system of cell addresses .
To obtain the desired information , the query requires the specific data or criteria that will isolate those records ( orders received during a given period ) from all the records in both tables .
To obtain the list sorted by product name , you define the condition for the Product Name field that tells the DBMS to rearrange the records in alphabetical order for this data .
To open a menu , hold down the Alt key and type the underlined letter in the menu 's name at the same time .
To overcome this problem , network solutions based on existing telephone lines are finding success in the market .
To participate in a newsgroup , users post articles ( short messages ) about the newsgroup 's main topic .
To participate in newsgroups , you must run a newsreader program to log on to a server .
To perform most kinds of editing or formatting on text , you must first select the text ; then any editing or formatting commands you issue are applied to all the selected text .
To perform this transformation , the computer uses two components : the processor and memory .
To play an MP3 - format file from your computer , you need MP3 playback software , and there are hundreds .
To play MPEG - format audio or video files , you need an MPEG - compliant player .
To play QuickTime - format files on your desktop , you need either the Apple QuickTime Player or a QuickTime plug - in that will work with your browser .
To point to an object or location on the screen , you simply use the mouse to place the pointer on top of the object or location .
To print a character , the machine rotates the band to the desired character , then a small hammer taps the band , pressing the character against a ribbon .
To print a document in many applications , for example , the user can press Ctrl - P on a PC or z - P on a Macintosh .
To process data , the computer passes electricity through the circuits to complete an instruction .
To protect against data loss , it is always wise to back up a hard disk .
To protect the integrity of the data , managers can determine which users can update the data by granting two basic types of access to it .
To provide a PC with a SCSI port , insert a SCSI adapter board into one of the PC 's available expansion slots .
To provide I / O ports on the back of the computer for external devices such as monitors , external modems , printers , and game controllers ( for computers that do not have built - in ports for such devices , or where existing ports are already in use by other devices ) .
To provide the list , the program calls on the operating system .
To put it plainly , if your job requires you to write anything , no matter how brief or informal , you will most likely use a word processing program to do it .
To read data from a magnetic surface , the process is reversed .
To reduce time and errors , you can use a cell reference in formulas .
To represent anything meaningful ( in other words , to convey information ) , the computer uses bits in groups .
To research further , search using terms like operating system , command , dialog box , menu , and multitasking .
To resize a frame , click it ; several handles will appear around it , as shown in Figure 1. .
To satisfy the rigorous requirements of manufacturing , cad programs provide a high degree of precision .
To save your preferences and use them in the future , your portal will create a cookie and leave it on your computer 's disk .
To see articles that have been posted about a specific topic , you can subscribe to the newsgroup that addresses that topic .
To see the help information associated with a term , click the term , then click Display .
To see the other available color settings for your system , click the Colors drop - down arrow .
To see the other available resolution settings for your monitor , drag the Screen Area slider control to the right and left .
To see what is on your disk , take these steps .
To send someone an e - mail message , you must use a special e - mail program that works with the network to send and receive messages .
To set up a portal , visit a site that provides portal services ; several are listed at the end of this feature .
To show how troublesome network cabling issues can become , suppose that you have a warehouse that is 100 feet long and you want to install a network of eleven computers , all lined against one wall .
To solve this problem , developers have created universal file formats that are compatible across various software applications .
To solve this problem and to provide networking professionals with verifiable credentials , the makers of many networking technologies began offering certification programs .
To start , you needed to create all the contents for your slides , which could entail handwriting the text or drawing graphics for each slide , then taking the materials to a professional print shop for typesetting .
To store and retrieve these different types of data , quicken uses a database and data management capabilities .
To subscribe , you must download a list of available newsgroups from the server , choose the groups that interest you , and select articles .
To succeed as a network administrator , you should gain experience in the major network operating systems , including Novell NetWare , Windows NT 4.0 Server , and Windows 2000 Server .
To support your presentation , you must prepare a twenty - minute slide show using presentation software .
To the computer system , this configuration means that the disk has more than two sides ; in addition to a side 0 and side 1 , there are sides 2 , 3 , 4 , and so on .
To the monitor , a line is just a long list of individual pixels .
To the spreadsheet program , each type of data has a particular use and is handled in a unique manner .
To the user , this technology means that multimedia content can be stored and delivered in several ways .
To track the location of each file , the operating system maintains a running list of information on each file , in a table that is typically called the file allocation table ( FAT ) .
To transfer digital data over analog telephone lines , computers must use modems .
To translate bitmaps into text , the OCR software looks at each character and tries to match the character with its own assumptions about how the letters should look .
To transmit data across great distances , however , WAN - based organizations typically lease many of the components used for data transmission - such as high - speed telephone lines or wireless technologies such as satellites .
To understand how this is possible , you need to understand how networks transmit data and how different types of networks can share data .
To understand the different types of networks and how they operate , it is important to know something about how networks are structured .
To understand the significance of ATM , you need to know how most telephone lines work .
To use a CD - R drive , you must use a special CD - R disk , which can be written on only once , or a CD - ReWritable ( CD - RW ) disk , which can be written to multiple times , like a floppy disk .
To use a flatbed scanner , you place the printed image on a piece of glass similar to the way a page is placed on a photocopier .
To use a knowledgebase , you type a term or phrase or describe a problem .
To use a microphone or other audio devices for input , your computer must have a sound card installed .
To use a trackpad , you glide your finger across its surface .
To use any of these services , you need a computer that is connected to the Internet in some way .
To visit VRML - enabled Web sites , you need either a VRML browser or a VRML plug - in application ( the more common choice ) for your standard browser .
To work with a cable modem , the user 's PC needs a network interface card and access to a cable television outlet ( the kind found in many homes ) .
To work with a second program , you have to close the first - a process that often hinders productivity .
To work with MIDI on your PC , you must have a MIDI - compatible sound card , a set of speakers or a MIDI instrument , and sequencer software .
Today 's animators use a wide variety of computerized systems to create animation - from the simple , two - dimensional cartoons you see on Saturday - morning television to complex 3 - D animation of normally inanimate objects ( such as dancing cereal boxes ) .
Today 's application programs can retain most , if not all , of the formatting applied to the original document , so the HTML file will resemble the original .
Today 's monitors do not suffer from this problem , but screen savers remain a popular utility because they add personality to the user 's system .
Today 's most sophisticated multimedia products incorporate any number of these technologies , resulting in smoother animation , audio and video streams that flow without interruption , and a heightened level of interactivity .
Today 's multimedia products appeal to multiple senses at one time and respond to our changing needs with ever - increasing speed .
Today 's PCs are as powerful as mainframes were a few years ago , and many large - scale DBMS applications - such as Oracle , Informix , Microsoft SQL Server , and Sybase - are now available for stand - alone PCs or PC - based networks .
Today 's personal computers commonly have from 64 to 128 million bytes of memory ( or 64 to 128 MB ) .
Today 's presentation programs enable you to incorporate many different types of media into a slide show .
Today , a typical mainframe computer looks like an unimposing file cabinet although it may still require a somewhat controlled environment .
Today , all new PCs come with a pointing device as standard equipment , as shown in Figure 1.7 .
Today , all new PCs far exceed this configuration , making the MPC Level 3 standard out of date .
Today , almost all commercial graphics work , design , and illustration is done on the computer rather than by hand .
Today , almost all important graphics software is available for both Windows - based PCs and Macintosh computers .
Today , animators have a wealth of specialized 2 - D and 3 - D software at their disposal that not only enables them to create animation more quickly but also produce effects that could not be created manually .
Today , clip art provides an easy way to enhance digital documents .
Today , computers are no longer specialized tools used only by scientists or engineers .
Today , engelbart devotes his energies to heading The Bootstrap Institute , a private organization devoted to promoting technology and forward thinking strategies as ways to build more efficient organizations .
Today , fewer organizations use a centralized system ( such as a mainframe and terminals ) to enable data communication .
Today , good ink jet printers are available for as little as $ 100 .
Today , graphics software offers advanced drawing and painting tools and almost unlimited color control .
Today , however , even in many homes where you cannot find a dictionary , you can find at least one PC and an Internet connection .
Today , however , most twisted pair wire used for network communication is made to more demanding specifications than voice - grade telephone wire .
Today , if you purchase a 56K modem ( one that transmits data at a rate of 56 kilobits per second ) , it will most likely use the V.90 data compression standard .
Today , it is nearly impossible to buy a new PC that does not have complete multimedia capabilities .
Today , many CPUs have as much as 256 KB built in .
Today , many programs can decipher a page of text received by a fax machine .
Today , most CAD programs provide different ways to design , display , animate , and print 3 - D objects , called models .
Today , most new computers feature at least one or two USB ports .
Today , most new monitors display in color .
Today , nearly any new PC includes enough memory and the right hardware components to be fully multimedia - capable .
Today , pcs and Macintosh systems provide basically the same capabilities when it comes to running graphics software .
Today , pcs are also used extensively in the graphics and design fields .
Today , people commonly use speech , sounds , music , text , graphics , animation , and video to convey information .
Today , the 3.5 - inch diskette has almost completely replaced its 5.25 - inch cousin .
Today , the ASCII character set is by far the most commonly used in computers of all types .
Today , the differences between minicomputers , workstations , and personal computers are becoming blurred .
Today , the Internet connects thousands of networks and more than 100 million users around the world .
Today , the Internet is a constant in the lives of millions of people around the world , and its reach and usefulness seem almost unlimited .
Today , the Internet is a network of interconnected networks .
Today , the majority of advertisements , magazine covers , and posters are created using graphics software .
Today , the most popular alternatives to magnetic storage systems are optical systems .
Today , there are two major families of UNIX - one developed and promoted by AT &amp; T ( called System V ) , and the other from Berkeley University ( known as BSD UNIX ) .
Today , users have more choices in operating systems , but the choice is not always easy .
Today , we can hardly imagine using a computer without one .
Today , when you buy a multimedia PC , you receive a machine that includes a CD - ROM ( or DVD ) drive , a high quality video controller with plenty of video RAM , speakers , and a sound card .
Today , wireless communication competes with twisted - pair , coaxial , and fiber - optic cable .
Today , you can get 600 dpi and about the same speed for less than $ 500 .
Today , you can run normal photocopy paper through most ink jet printers ( although glossy paper looks slightly better ) , and the ink is dry within a few seconds .
Together with representatives of several agencies interested in the management of the global domain name system , the group developed the Generic Top - Level Domain Memorandum of Understanding ( abbreviated as gTLD - MoU ) .
Token Ring networks once operated at either 4 or 16 megabits per second , but like Ethernet , new technology has pushed the transmission rate up to 100 megabits per second .
Toner , which is composed of tiny particles of oppositely charged ink , sticks to the drum in the places the laser has charged .
Toner cartridges are typically rated on double spaced text pages rather than graphics , which can greatly reduce the life of the cartridge .
Torvalds decided the new OS would be named Linux , a combination of his name and UNIX .
Touch Screen are popular in museums and libraries , where they help direct people to specific areas .
Touch screen systems accept input directly through the monitor .
Touch screen systems are useful for selecting options from menus , but they are not useful for inputting text or other types of data in large quantities .
Touch screens accept input by allowing the user to place a fingertip directly on the computer screen , usually to make a selection from a menu of choices .
Touch screens are appropriate in environments where dirt or weather would render keyboards and pointing devices useless , and where a simple , intuitive interface is important .
Touch Screens are even used in gambling casinos , where they provide a fun and nonmechanical interface to slot machines .
Touch screens have become common in fast food restaurants , department stores , drugstores , and supermarkets , where they are used for all kinds of purposes , from creating personalized greeting cards to selling lottery tickets .
Tower models have become increasingly popular in recent years - so much so that some PC makers have stopped offering horizontally oriented desktop systems .
Trackball units also are available in right and left handed models .
Trackballs gained popularity with the advent of laptop computers , which typically are used on laps or on small work surfaces without room for a mouse .
Trackpads include two or three buttons that perform the same functions as mouse buttons .
Traditional artists must know the capabilities of their brushes and cameras , and today 's computer - based artist must have a wide - ranging knowledge of graphics software , the hardware platforms on which it runs , and the formats in which the data can be stored .
Traditional cameras work by exposing a piece of film ( celluloid covered with a light - sensitive emulsion , such as silver nitrate ) to light for a fixed amount of time .
Traditional medium with one - way communication .
Traditional photography also has some drawbacks .
Traditionally , a desktop computer 's main case ( called the system unit ) is horizontally oriented , meaning it can lie flat on a desk or table .
Traditionally , the performance of computer buses was measured by the number of bits they could transfer at one time .
Translating voice to text is known as speech recognition ( or voice recognition ) a capability .
Transmission speeds can vary greatly and are affected by several factors , including distance , wire and equipment type , service provider capacities , and more .
The multimedia development process usually involves the efforts of a group of people .
Multimedia products are generally tested before being released .
Video files generally are not compressed before inclusion in a multimedia product .
A special feature of animation created in Shockwave is that it can accept user input .
Try different settings to find what works best for you .
Turn the PC on and make sure everything is working correctly .
Twisted - pair cable normally consists of two wires individually insulated in plastic , then twisted around each other and bound together in another layer of plastic insulation .
Twisted - pair wire was once considered a low bandwidth medium , but networks based on twisted - pair wires now support transmission speeds up to 1 gigabit per second ( Gbps ) , and even faster speeds are on the horizon .
Two basic types of monitors are used with PCs .
Two buttons that perform the same function as mouse buttons are just beneath the spacebar and are pressed with the thumb .
Two client computers communicating via one or more servers .
Two common types of corporate spinoffs of the Web are called intranets and extranets .
Two components handle processing in a computer : the central processing unit , or CPU , and the memory .
Two drive - interface standards are commonly used today : EIDE and SCSI .
Two important hardware devices determine the quality of the image you see on any monitor : the monitor itself and the video controller .
Two important physical differences between hard disks and diskettes account for the differences in performance .
Two industry rivals , ibm and Apple , joined forces with Motorola in 1991 , ostensibly to dethrone Intel from its preeminence in the PC chip market .
Two key points that make DSL so attractive are its speed and its medium .
Two new expansion bus technologies promise to replace most existing buses in the future .
Two of the most popular ( and best - paying ) computer - related fields are networking and data communications .
Two of the most time - consuming and costly chores in networking involve choosing the type of wiring that will connect the nodes and servers , and deciding on the most efficient means of running the cable .
Two programs running under Windows 98. Quattro Pro is the active program .
Two server computers communicating with one another .
Two types of coaxial cable are used with networks : thick and thin .
Type a raw quotation , start the word processor 's macro - recording feature , and perform the preceding steps while the recorder runs .
Type I PC Cards are the thinnest available and have the fewest uses .
Type III cards are the thickest and enable developers to fit disk storage devices into the card - size shell .
Type the URL for a Web site in the address box of your browser .
Type three short paragraphs of text , pressing Enter after each one .
Type what 's new and then click the Display button .
Typical components of a program window in a graphical user interface .
Typically , a banner page ( a special page that identifies the print job 's owner ) is printed at the beginning of a new job to separate print jobs so they can be identified easily and routed accordingly .
Typically , a wide area network ( WAN ) is two or more LANs connected together , generally across a wide geographical area .
Typically , each node has access to at least some of the resources on all other nodes , so the relationship is nonhierarchical .
Typically , the analog lines that carry voice signals are not very well suited for carrying data because the limit for transmission speeds over analog lines is only about 0,005 as fast as a 10Base - T Ethernet network .
Typically , the Esc key is used to back up one level in a multilevel environment .
Typically , they let you flip through a document , screen by screen , like turning the pages of a book .
Typically , they were placed inside glass offices with special air conditioning to keep them cool and on raised floors to accommodate all the wiring needed to connect the system .
Typing in ALL CAPITAL LETTERS is like shouting and is considered rude .
Ultimately ( but not by the time you read this ) many multimedia products will behave identically regardless of the way they come to the user .
Ultimately , services such as WebTV and satellite broadcast services may make television totally interactive , and users will be able to order programs and movies on demand , customize their programming schedules , participate in multi - user games and contests on television , and even direct the content of individual programs in progress ( changing the plot of a movie , for example ) .
Uncopyrighted music is also being distributed on the Internet , and this practice is perfectly legal .
Under a site license , a business purchases a single copy ( or a few copies ) of an application , then pays the developer for a license to copy the application onto a specified number of computers .
Under a site license , each user has a complete , individual copy of the program running on his or her PC , but the business generally pays less money than it would by purchasing a complete copy of the software for each user .
Under DOS , you can load only a single application into memory at a time .
Under the auspices of its new owner , VIA Technologies , Inc . , cyrix continued to develop its MII line of microprocessors .
Under the best conditions , cable modems can achieve downstream speeds of about 27 Mbps , a substantial increase over dial - up connections , ISDN , and some types of DSL .
Under the name of each table , create a list of the fields the table should contain .
Unicode is supported by some operating systems ( such as Windows 2000 and OS / 2 ) and applications .
Unicode then extends far beyond the standard ASCII character set .
Universal file formats are based on openly published specifications and are commonly used by many different programs and on different operating systems .
UNIX ( pronounced YOO - niks ) is older than all the other PC operating systems , and in many ways it served as a model for them .
UNIX allows multiple users to work from more than one keyboard and monitor attached to a single CPU , like a mainframe with dumb terminals .
UNIX also supports multiprocessor systems - a PC with more than one CPU working at a time .
UNIX is not for the faint of heart because of its command - line interface and cryptic instructions , and the fact that it requires many commands to do even simple tasks .
UNIX runs on many types of computers , including supercomputers , notebook PCs , and everything between , including mainframes and minicomputers .
UNIX served as a model for other PC operating systems .
UNIX was the first multi - user , multiprocessor , multitasking operating system available for use on PCs .
Unless all open windows are arranged side by side , the active window will appear on top of the other windows .
Unlike current workbooks , which provide multiple sheets , earlier programs could support only one worksheet per file .
Unlike diskettes , where the disk and drive are separate , the hard disk and drive are a single unit .
Unlike drawings made using paint or drawing programs , cad drawings are usually the basis for the actual building or manufacturing process of , for example , houses , engine gears , or electrical systems .
Unlike e - mail , chat does not require a waiting period between the time you send a message and the time the other person or group of people receives the message .
Unlike HiFD and SuperDisk disks , zip disks are slightly larger than normal diskettes , and Zip disk drives are not compatible with ordinary floppy disks .
Unlike keyboards and mice , many of these input devices are highly intuitive and easy to use without special skills or training .
Unlike LCD based projectors , dlp units can display clear images in normal lighting conditions .
Unlike shareware products , trial products may have some disabled features or they may expire after a certain time .
Unlike standard telephone transmission , which is based on circuit switching , atm is based on cell switching .
Unlike the typewriter , word processing software lets you change text without retyping the entire page ; you retype only the text that needs to be changed .
Unlike WebTV , however , directpc users do not have to use their television to view Internet content .
Unlike Windows 3.x , OS / 2 was a true operating system , not an operating environment that ran on top of DOS .
Until 1998 , e - commerce was slow to gain acceptance among consumers , who was concerned about security .
Until a few years ago , animation was done almost exclusively by hand .
Until a few years ago , choosing a modem was a difficult task .
Until a few years ago , the term workstation implied certain differences in terms of chip design and operating system , making it distinct from a personal computer .
Until recently , it has been difficult or impossible for the viewer to respond in any meaningful way to a television program .
Until that time , amd processors were typically found in low - end , low - priced home and small business computers selling for less than $ 1000 .
Updates from around the world came across the wire , and most IRC users who were online at the time gathered on a single channel to read those reports .
Updates include feature enhancements , utilities , bug fixes , tools and more .
USB devices require no special settings , which means that the dream of true Plug and Play is nearly a reality .
Use a template to design the slide , and choose a slide format that provides a title and a text box .
Use the Control Panel dialog box to see whether your PC has a network interface card installed .
Use the Media Player 's controls to set the volume .
Use the slider controls to set the volume and balance for your PC 's speakers .
Use your chart to see whether your system has been reconnected correctly .
Use your online help system to learn more about Windows .
Use your operating system 's tools to find files .
Use your word processor 's drawing tools to show the relationships between the tables .
Used alone , delete removes a single character at a time at the cursor 's location .
Used by film directors for productions ranging from thirty - second television commercials to feature - length motion pictures , the storyboard consists of sketches of the scenes and action .
Used in conjunction with modifier keys , home and End may move the cursor greater distances .
Usenet newsgroups and many private Web pages are filled with copyrighted and trademarked text and graphics , posted without the owner 's permission .
Users and administrators have the option of using NTFS or FAT on their Windows NT computer .
Users are going online for wide variety of reasons .
Users can choose from a dizzying and constantly changing array of storage options to complement their systems ' built - in storage devices .
Users can connect to the Internet through a direct connection , local area network , high - speed data link , and other means .
Users can make their own file management easier by creating a hierarchical file system that includes folders and subfolders arranged in a logical order .
Users can mix and match Winsock - compatible applications and ensure they will work with the user 's network connection to access the Internet .
Users can send written messages without worrying about whether the other user 's computer is currently running .
Users can then read , reply to , or ignore that message or to create their own message .
Users can transfer tasks that take a lot of CPU power - such as creating computer software - to available computers , leaving their own machines free for other work .
Users can work on the same documents , share their insights , and keep each other abreast of their schedules so that meetings can be set up easily .
Users can work with files and programs by clicking desktop icons to open windows .
Users could also run their old DOS programs under Windows , either in full - screen mode ( so the screen looked like a plain DOS system ) or within a window .
Users do not see the information listed in the FAT , but they often use the information .
Users in remote offices can access the centralized data warehouse from their location and work with data in real time using a network connection or the Internet .
Users interact with a command - line interface by typing strings of characters at a prompt on the screen .
Users no longer feel locked into the OS provided by the PC 's manufacturer .
Users not only install programs and data from their standard CDs , but they can also watch movies on their PCs by using a DVD .
Users of computer aided design or drafting tools ( CAD programs ) typically use very specialized input devices , which are not covered in this unit .
Users of multimedia products are generally more interested in multimedia features than the information , action , or story line offered by the product .
Users typically have client software that provides an easily used interface for interacting with this giant WAN .
Users typically pay by the month ; the subscription allows them to use the service for a limited number of hours per month .
Users with 17 inch monitors typically set their monitors at a resolution of 800 x 600 or 1024 x 768 .
Users with large monitors or with heavy graphics needs will usually require more than 4 MB of video RAM .
Uses for a Modem File transfer is the general term used to describe sending a file to a remote computer , whether the transfer occurs through the telephone lines or through a network .
Using 0.18 - micron technology , these processors are expected to provide still faster performance levels .
Using 3 - D modeling software , animation tools , and scripting software , these designers create not only the graphics but also the action sequences through which the characters and players move .
Using 3 - D modeling software , animation tools , and scripting software , these designers create not only the graphics but also the action sequences through which the characters and players move .
Using 3 - D technology over the Web , manufacturers enable customers to take a close look at products , view the interiors of cars and buildings , and play games .
Using a browser - based editor , you work directly with HTML tags only if you want to .
Using a browser 's editing tools , you can create new pages from scratch or use predesigned templates .
Using a computer , label each external device you can identify .
Using a handheld MP3 player , you can carry an hour 's worth ( or more ) of compressed MP3 - format music with you .
Using a MIDI port , you can plug a wide variety of musical instruments and other MIDI - controlled devices into the computer .
Using a PC - to - TV converter , you can connect your computer to a standard television and view the PC 's video output on the television monitor .
Using a presentation program , you can prepare notes for each slide as you create your presentation .
Using a utility like the Disk Defragmenter ( built into Windows 95 , 98 , and 2000 ) , you can rearrange the fragmented pieces of data so your files are stored in contiguous sectors .
Using a variation of the GIF file , designers can easily add variety and movement to Web pages .
Using a video capture card , the user can also connect other video devices , such as VCRs and camcorders , to the PC .
Using a Web - page design program , you can create colorful documents for publication on the World Wide Web .
Using a Web browser and an Internet connection , you can view documents ( called Web pages ) from around the world .
Using an e - commerce site is like browsing through an online catalog .
Using animated characters to lead the way , multimedia games such as Reader Rabbit , MathBlaster , JumpStart , and other programs help young students master basic skills in an enjoyable interactive environment that provides personalized feedback .
Using basic tools such as outlines and storyboards , designers lay out and organize the content and flow of the information for their products .
Using compositing techniques , game makers and filmmakers can add characters and objects where they previously did not exist .
Using compositing tools , designers can add characters and objects to scenes that did not originally contain them .
Using computers and special animation software , artists and designers can create many types of animation , from simple perspective changes to complex full - motion scenes that incorporate animated characters with real - life actors and sound .
Using digital cameras , a designer can update a Web site 's illustrations quickly and regularly .
Using digital connections , business networks and homes can transmit data many times faster than is possible over standard telephone lines .
Using e - commerce technologies ( ranging from LANs to supercomputers ) , companies are rapidly forming online partnerships to collaborate on product designs , sales and marketing campaigns , and more .
Using fiber optics , microwave , and other technologies , it is entirely practical to establish an Internet connection that is at least ten times as fast as a modem link .
Using frames , you can resize many of the elements in a slide .
Using instant messenger software - like America Online 's Instant Messenger , Microsoft 's MSN Messenger Service , or Mirabilis ' ICQ , you can set up buddy lists of people with whom you like to chat .
Using mail merge , you can combine a form letter with contents from an address database and create a separate copy of the letter for each person in the database .
Using MIDI - compliant sound cards and instruments , musicians can use the PC to control the creative , recording , and performing processes .
Using newer generation CD - ReWritable ( CD - RW ) drives , however , users can write and overwrite data onto compact disks .
Using newer multimedia file compression technologies like MP3 or a2b , you can download songs to your computer and listen to them any time .
Using photo manipulation software , graphic designers can edit and enhance digital photographs in innumerable ways .
Using PhotoCD or a CD - R device , you can store hundreds of photos on a single disk .
Using plug - in applications such as Microsoft 's Windows Media Player , Apple 's QuickTime Player , or RealNetworks ' RealPlayer , you can play any of these sources on your desktop .
Using plug - in technologies that are powerful but small in size , developers can customize the browser interface to display almost any type of content .
Using powerful Web sites and online databases , companies not only sell goods to individual customers , but track inventory , order products , send invoices , and receive payments .
Using QuickTime VR movies , the Virtually VancouVR Web site enables you to navigate up and down any street of Vancouver , British Columbia .
Using RealPlayer technology , web sites such as CNN Headline News Online can broadcast its television programming over the World Wide Web .
Using settings provided by the ISP , the user can configure the PC 's operating system to dial into one of the ISP 's server computers , identify itself as the customer 's computer , and gain access to Internet services .
Using Shockwave content , developers can create interactive games , like this online football game , which can be played live on the Web .
Using simple audio recording software built into your Windows or Macintosh operating system , you can use a microphone to record your voice , thus creating files on disk .
Using software such as RealPlayer , you can listen to streaming audio and view streaming video on your PC .
Using sophisticated compression technologies , a single DVD ( which is the same size as a standard compact disk ) can store an entire full length movie .
Using sophisticated software , however , designers can also do free - form walk - throughs and fly - bys in real time , controlling the camera 's motion and angle as they go .
Using special RAID controllers , such systems can rapidly collect data , check it for errors , and retrieve a backup copy of the data if necessary .
Using speech recognition software , you can use your microphone as an input device for dictating text , navigating programs , and choosing commands .
Using speech synthesis technology , a screen reader can read the computer screen 's contents to the user .
Using such a device , the wearer feels immersed in the virtual environment , without distractions from outside .
Using such a system , you can create a virtual model of a factory and then attach maintenance records to each item within the factory .
Using such an application , a maintenance worker can display line drawings of a factory floor to see what changes are necessary for an impending project .
Using technologies like RealPlayer , LiquidAudio , and others , you can listen to prerecorded music over your Internet connection .
Using Telnet , you can send commands that run programs and open text or data files .
Using the Clipboard to copy a chart from an Excel document to a WordPro document .
Using the mouse , select all the values in this range .
Using the mouse involves five techniques : pointing , clicking , double clicking , dragging , and right clicking .
Using the mouse or arrow keys , you select a cell to make it active .
Using the power of the Internet and only a little knowledge of computers , you can manage your personal finances and indulge your interests in ways that were not possible just a few years ago .
Using the right mouse button is known as right clicking .
Using the Windows 98 Update feature , you can log onto the Microsoft Web site and download various upgrades to the operating system .
Using their client software to describe the information they need , each user sends a request to the server .
Using this technique , some microprocessors can execute up to six instructions simultaneously .
Using three - dimensional computer models created in a CAD program or 3 - D modeling software such as 3D Studio MAX , designers can create lifelike simulations of the finished project - whether it 's a hotel or a factory - complete with finishing touches such as carpeting , lighting , landscaping , and people .
Using tools such as Macromedia Director and Authorware , game designers can create scripts that tell the computer which graphics to display , which user commands to accept , and much more .
Using your chosen HTML editing tools , you can update , expand , and refresh your Web site whenever you want .
Using your mouse , click in different parts of the sentence .
Using your newsreader , you can access these newsgroups , post questions for other users to answer , or participate in discussions about specific pro - ducts and technical issues .
Usually , this key controls the functions of the cursor movement keys .
Utilities like WinZip , PKZIP , or StuffIT generally are not used to compress the contents of an entire hard disk .
Utilities such as Windows ' DriveSpace enable you to compress the entire contents of your hard disk .
Utilities such as WinZip , StuffIT , and others use special algorithms to search files for unnecessary bits , which are stripped out .
Utilities that make the computer system easier to use or that perform highly specialized functions .
Utilizing a bus speed of 100 MHz at the time of its release , the Athlon processor was actually designed to work with bus speeds of 200 MHz .
Uwmcat . lib . uwm . edu - to browse the collections at the University of Wisconsin Library .
Values and dates can be formatted in numerous ways .
Various products take different approaches to this type of content retrieval .
Various small - format players are starting to become available for personal use or use in a car .
Vector - based software can use mathematical equations to define the thickness and color of a line , its pattern or fill , and other attributes .
Vector - based software is your best choice if you want the flexibility of resizing an image without degrading its sharpness , the ability to reposition elements easily in an image , or the ability to achieve an illustrative look as when drawing with a pen or pencil .
Vector graphics , on the other hand , are much easier to resize .
Vectors define objects in a drawing by using mathematical equations to pinpoint their location and other features .
Vertically oriented tower models have become the more popular style of desktop system .
Very - high - bit - rate DSL ( VDSL ) provides a high bandwidth with a commensurate cost and is geared primarily toward LAN and WAN connectivity .
Very often , the table was simply called a file or just the database .
Video for Windows files use the filename extension AVI , which stands for audio - video interleave .
Video games sold on cartridges and CD - ROMs for dedicated game machines or for desktop computers are popular .
Video is often the most complex , time - consuming , and resource demanding medium to create .
Videos are commonly used in presentations and on Web pages where the viewer can start , stop , and control various aspects of the playback .
Virtual reality ( VR ) - the computer - generated simulation of a real or imagined physical space - is probably the ultimate multimedia experience because it immerses you in a completely artificial environment .
Virtual reality allows you to file electronic documents visually .
Virtual universities are also appearing on the Web and offering distance learning ( DL ) .
Visio produces various drawing tools that make it easy for people without design training to create intricate , accurate technical drawings .
Visit http : / / www . adobe . com / and click the Products link .
Visit http : / / www . jasc . com / and click the Products link .
Visit http : / / www . macromedia . com / and click the Products link .
Visit http : / / www . visio . com / and click the Product Information link .
Visit Microsoft 's main Windows 2000 page at .
Visit the following Web sites and gather information about the CD - RW products offered by these vendors .
Visit the following Web sites and gather information about the presentation programs offered by these vendors .
Visit the following Web sites for information about some of these enterprise - level database programs .
Visit the following Web sites for more information .
Visit the following Web sites for more information on Linux and to learn where you can get a free copy .
Visit the Web sites for the following online backup services .
Visit the Web sites of the three leading makers of application suites .
Visit these commercial Web sites for information on various types of pointing devices .
Visit these sites to learn more about free e - mail accounts .
Visit these Web sites and study the available fonts , but do not download any fonts without your instructor 's permission .
Visit these Web sites for information on a few graphics programs , but do not download any software without your instructor 's permission .
Visit these Web sites for information on a few players , but do not download any software without your instructor 's permission .
Visit these Web sites for information on various types of printers .
Visit this URL , and then follow links to a few of the suggested sites .
Visual displays - which today are universally associated with computers - were uncommon until the 1960s .
VR environments typically produce one of three possible image types .
VR games and adventures are the ultimate fantasy experience .
VR simulations of air combat , space shuttle flights , or nuclear reactor meltdowns provide excellent low - cost training areas .
VR technology appears in the following formats .
VRAM is dual ported , meaning that it can send a screen full of data to the monitor and at the same time receive the next screen full of data from the CPU .
Walk - throughs and fly - bys can be preset by the designer .
WANs that cover long distances often use satellites and microwave communication .
Watch as ScanDisk checks the disk for data and surface errors .
We are endlessly surprised by the feats accomplished with the help of computers and we marvel at their complexity .
We are experiencing a multimedia event .
We live in a world that is run by the numbers .
We may think we cannot use a computer unless it has a full array of output devices , but is this true ?
Web - based communities usually conduct chat sessions right in your browser window , although some communities spawn a separate window to contain the chat .
Web - based encyclopedias , however , are rapidly gaining popularity .
Web browsers have quickly become one of the most commonly used - and important types of application software .
Web design tools and Web browsers , and other Internet applications such as newsreaders and e - mail programs .
Web designers , Internet marketers , ISPs , and other companies encourage us to use the Internet as much as possible , for any reason .
Web designers can create multimedia content and compress it into a Shockwave - format file that can be displayed directly in a Web page .
Web designers use programs such as Adobe Photoshop , Adobe Illustrator , and many others to create graphics for their pages .
Web graphics are typically saved and displayed at a resolution of 72 pixels per inch ( ppi ) , even though it is possible to save pictures at a much higher resolution , because monitors have a fixed display resolution of 72 ppi .
Web masters can provide secure web sites in the several ways .
Web masters often provide more technical skills required for high level network support .
Web pages are now used to distribute news , interactive educational services , product information and catalogs , highway traffic reports , and live audio and video , among many other items .
Web portal is a free , personalized start page , hosted by a Web content provider , that you can personalize in several ways .
Web site design is often done by team of people , which may include graphic artists , writers and editors , formatters , researchers , programmers , and professionals with expertise in other disciplines .
Web sites are also shifting more processing functions away from the server and onto the user 's computer , requiring less downloading and uploading time , and freeing the server from certain tasks .
Web sites are housed on Web servers , internet host computers that often store thousands of individual pages .
Web users frequently exit from a site before the page finishes downloading because the page is so graphics - intensive that it takes a long time to download .
Wed designers bring various traditional design skills to the table - such as experience with graphics , text design , and layout - but they are also skilled with HTML tools and scripting languages .
Wending your way through electronic information is commonly called navigation .
What - if analysis is such an important tool that spreadsheets offer yet another way to do it .
What - if analysis is the process of using a spreadsheet to test how alternative scenarios affect numeric results .
What - if analysis lets you test different scenarios to see how each affects the results of a calculation .
What 's more , many analysts believe that this pace of change will continue for another 10 or 20 years .
What are compositing tools used for ?
What are some of the benefits of using compact disks rather than diskettes ?
What are the five values used to describe a computer 's memory or storage capacity , and approximately how much data does each value represent ?
What are the four primary functions that an operating system performs ?
What are the four types of data communications media that link networks ?
What are the risks to business of allowing employees to telecommute ?
What are the three key hardware components in a multimedia - capable PC ?
What are the three most common types of network technologies ?
What are the two versions of Windows NT ?
What assumptions can be made about the audience ?
What backup technologies should you consider ?
What benefits can interactive multimedia bring to education ?
What can you do with a slide if you save it in HTML format ?
What dangers could it pose to users ?
What device can be used to convert images on paper into a digital graphics file ?
What do these professions have in common ?
What do users expect to gain by using the program ?
What does application software do ?
What does multitasking mean to a user ?
What does someone mean when he or she refers to a 32 - bit processor ?
What does the abbreviation QBE stand for ?
What does the term interactive media mean ?
What effect can you use to make a slide appear as if it were in motion ?
What external devices does it have ?
What factors contribute to this situation ?
What factors should you consider when purchasing a modem ?
What features of the presentation program would you use to enhance the presentation ?
What fundamental feature of spreadsheet software provides the real power behind its calculation capabilities ? Briefly describe at least one common operation that demonstrates this capability .
What happens during the first step of a computer 's startup process ?
What happens when you press Enter in a word processor ?
What if the company wants to be able to rearrange itself on short notice , moving offices , desks , and computers at will ?
What if the friend lived in a country that does not protect copyright rules like the United States does ?
What is a bar code , and how does a bar code reader recognize one ?
What is the advantage of pipelining and how does it work ?
What is the biggest single application of multimedia technology ?
What is the diagonal measurement of the monitor 's case ?
What is the difference between a file and a document in a computer ?
What is the difference between a database and a database management system ?
What is the difference between a fly - by and a walk - through ?
What is the difference between a spreadsheet and a worksheet ?
What is the difference between a Web page and a Web site ?
What is the difference between an intranet and an extranet ?
What is the difference between arithmetic operations and logical operations , which are performed by a CPU ?
What is the difference between cooperative multitasking and preemptive multitasking ?
What is the difference between data and information ?
What is the function of windows in a graphical user interface ?
What is the most common type of flat panel monitor ?
What is the most popular reason people use the Internet ?
What is the primary advantage of the Unicode Worldwide Character Standard ?
What is the primary difference between a CISC processor and a RISC processor ?
What is the primary use of data compression utilities such as WinZip and StuffIT ?
What is the viewing area , measured diagonally ?
What is your opinion of this use of multimedia ?
What is your view of ripping songs from a popular CD and e - mailing them to a friend so she or he can play them on a PC ?
What kinds of relationships would exist among the tables ?
What lies ahead for cable modem technology is not clear today because competing technologies such as DSL are gaining in popularity .
What limitations are there with bitmap - based paint programs ?
What media will best deliver the message to this user ?
What method or methods ( floppy disk , CD - ROM , DVD , dial - up Internet , broadband Internet , intranet ) will be used to distribute the product ?
What operating system does it use , and what is the version of that operating system ?
What other components can you identify ?
What other information can you get from the monitor by examining its exterior ?
What other programs are available ?
What primary benefit does SCSI provide for disk drives ?
What risks do we run by enabling computers to become smart enough to solve problems or ultimately to think ?
What sorts of navigational tools does it provide ?
What specific interest will the product fulfill , and what type of person displays this interest ?
What steps must you take to start the program ?
What suggestions can you make for improving educational multimedia ?
What the author believes to be simple to use - having designed the interface and used it for weeks or months during development - might be totally bewildering to someone seeing the interface for the first time .
What tools and techniques that were not required by graphic artists and illustrators in the past do you think today 's designers must know and understand to be productive ?
What two products ushered in the era of art on personal computers ?
What type of application did you select ?
What type of backup schedule should you follow ?
What type of computer system do you use in class or in the lab ?
What type of input device do you think would work best for waiters to input orders to the kitchen ?
What types of content would you use in each ?
What types of documents might you create that would benefit from OLE ?
What types of forms would be needed , and by what users ?
What types of interactive programming can you envision ?
What types of queries and reports would managers want to run on this database ?
What types of tables would the organization 's database contain ?
What units of measure are used to express the speed of a dot matrix printer and a laser printer ?
What were the strengths and weaknesses of this software ?
What would you do to help a friend or coworker if you thought he or she was devoting too much time to the computer ?
Whatever the setting , networks provide tremendous benefits .
When a cell is active , you can also type its data into the formula bar .
When a computer is using a particular program , it is said to be running or executing the program .
When a computer needs to represent a quantity greater than 1 , it does the same thing you do when you need to represent a quantity greater than 9 : it uses two ( or more ) digits .
When a computer sends data , its modem translates digital data into analog signals for transmission over standard telephone lines .
When a computer uses a particular program , it is said to be running or executing that program .
When a disk is formatted , the operating system creates four distinct areas on its surface : the boot sector , FAT , root folder , and data area .
When a keypress has occurred , the system reads the memory location in the keyboard buffer that contains the scan code of the key that was pressed .
When a LAN has an Internet connection , that connection extends to every computer on the LAN .
When a node needs information from the server , it requests the entire file containing the information .
When a port is not available , you need to install a circuit board that includes the port you need .
When a product is distributed across OS platforms ( for example , for both Windows and Macintosh systems ) , the developer must choose cross - platform file types and authoring tools .
When a program includes a great deal of animation or many different scenes , the best design aid is the storyboard .
When a program is running and the CPU needs to read data or program instructions from RAM , the CPU checks first to see whether the data is in cache memory .
When a scanner first creates an image from a page , the image is stored in the computer 's memory as a bitmap .
When a server receives a request for a keyword search , it returns a list of files that match the search criteria and the location of each file .
When a user calls the help desk for technical support on a hard disk problem , such as the inability to store or retrieve data , the operator must be able to understand the problem quickly and offer solutions .
When a user has accounts on more than one computer , ftp can be used to transfer data or programs between them .
When a Web designer creates a Web page , he or she usually begins by adding the text elements to an HTML - format file .
When a Web page requires large graphics , designers try to ensure that the image is not so large that it will run off the edge of the user 's screen at 800 - 600 screen resolution .
When buying a hard disk , the data transfer rate is at least as important a factor as the access time .
When buying a monitor , it is important to do some comparison shopping first .
When cables cannot be used , a wireless implementation may be an alternative .
When choosing your own backup medium , the first rule is to make sure it can store everything you need .
When communicating with someone online , act as if you are talking to that person face to face .
When companies merge , networks must be combined to create a seamless interface for the organization .
When computers are located in different rooms , however , adding cable dedicated to net - working is not always practical because of cost and difficulty of installation .
When coupled with a fast processor , a high speed bus can result in an exceptionally high - performance system .
When CPUs could send and receive only 1 byte of data at a time , there was no point in connecting them to a bus that could move more data .
When delivery service drivers make deliveries , they often have recipients sign their names on such a computer based pad .
When displayed in succession , these images create a simple ani - mation .
When DOS reigned , drivers had to be installed separately for each program used .
When electricity is applied , the molecules in the crystal vibrate millions of times per second , a rate that never changes .
When employees need to use a program , they simply load it from the server into the RAM of their own desktop computers , as shown in Figure 1. .
When evaluating printers , four additional criteria are important .
When evaluating printers for purchase , you should consider four criteria : image quality , speed , initial cost , and cost of operation .
When evaluating the performance of common storage devices , you need to be aware of two common measures : the average access time and the data transfer rate .
When finished , click Cancel to close the System Properties dialog box .
When finished , close the Exploring window .
When finished , close the help windows .
When formatting a disk , the disk drive creates a set of magnetic concentric circles , called tracks , on each side of the disk .
When it comes to video , one potential solution is data compression .
When it finds the operating system , the computer loads a portion of it into memory .
When many users are sharing an Internet connection through a LAN , the connection between the network and the ISP must be adequate to meet the demands of many users at the same time .
When measuring any device 's data transfer rate ( also called throughput ) , time is measured in seconds , but units of data may be measured in bytes , KB , MB , or GB .
When most people talk about ISDN , they are referring to a particular level of service called BRI ( basic rate ISDN ) .
When most people think of a network , they imagine several computers in a single location sharing documents and devices such as printers .
When naming the field , indicate as briefly as possible what the field contains .
When new data must be added to a file and there is no more room next to the cluster where the original data is stored , the operating system records the new information in an unused cluster on the disk .
When Num Lock is deactivated , the numeric keypad 's keys perform cursor movement control and other functions .
When numerous files exist ( one for each table or related document ) , there is often a lot of data redundancy , which increases the chance for errors , wastes time , and uses excess storage space .
When one end of the strand is exposed to light , the strand carries the light all the way to the other end - bending around corners along the way .
When opened in a browser , the file 's different images are displayed one after another , in a cycle .
When PCs first appeared in businesses - and software programs were designed for a single user - there were few obvious advantages to connecting PCs , and the technology was not adequate for doing so .
When people talk about computer memory in connection with microcomputers , they usually mean the volatile RAM .
When people talk about memory , the numbers are often so large that it is useful to use terms such as kilobyte , megabyte , gigabyte , and terabyte to describe the values .
When programs run , they need to use the computer 's memory , monitor , disk drives , and other devices , such as a printer .
When purchasing a monitor , you should consider its size , resolution , refresh rate , and dot pitch .
When pushed out from the cluster , the protruding pins ' ends strike a ribbon , which is held in place between the print head and the paper .
When referring to computerized data , the value represented by each switch 's state - whether the switch is turned on or off - is called a bit .
When running any Windows program , you can press Alt to activate the menu bar , and then press a highlighted letter in a menu 's name to open that menu .
When ScanDisk is done , click Close and remove the diskette from its drive .
When scanners made it easy to transfer photographs to the computer at high resolution , a new class of software was needed to manipulate these images on the screen .
When Scroll Lock is turned off , the cursor moves normally .
When shopping , note if the rate specified is MBps or Mbps .
When shopping for a monitor , first look closely at the display .
When shopping for a monitor , the size and resolution are simple choices .
When someone brings you a printed document , ask him or her to send it by e - mail or to give it to you on disk next time .
When someone reproduces a copyrighted song in MP3 format and puts it on the Web for anyone to copy , that 's a different matter .
When sorting records , one important consideration is determining the sort order .
When space is limited , a trackball can be an advantage .
When such users make changes to the files , the updated data can be viewed by all users .
When the beams of each of these guns are combined and focused on a pixel , the phosphors light up .
When the browser encounters a Shockwave - format file in a Web page , it can download the file and play it back .
When the command is executed , the CPU carries out the instructions in order by converting them into microcode .
When the computer needs access to other parts of the program on the disk , it can unload , or swap out , nonessential parts from RAM to the hard disk .
When the content is ready , it must be assembled in a process called multimedia authoring .
When the control unit encounters an instruction that involves arithmetic or logic , however , it passes that instruction to the second component of the CPU , the arithmetic logic unit , or ALU .
When the disk is inserted into the drive , the shutter slides back to expose the disk 's surface to the read head .
When the file is returned to its original state , this data is reinserted so that the original data is reproduced exactly as it was before compression .
When the film is played back at high speed ( usually around thirty frames per second for high - quality animation ) , the images blur together to create the illusion of motion on the screen .
When the gas is electrified via a grid of small electrodes , it glows .
When the message 's recipient accesses the e - mail system , it reports that mail has arrived .
When the mouse pointer arrives in front of the word men , release the mouse button .
When the operating system saves a file in this way , the file becomes fragmented .
When the pins strike the ribbon , they press ink from the ribbon onto a piece of paper .
When the sending computer receives the acknowledgment from the receiving computer , it resets the token 's status to empty and transmits it to the next computer in the ring .
When the setting submenu appears , click Control Panel to open the control Panel dialog box .
When the shortcut menu appears , choose Paste .
When the sound is played back , the sound card reverses this process , translating the series of numbers into electric current that is sent to the speakers .
When the Sound Recorder program opens , click the record button and speak into your computer 's microphone ; then click the Stop button .
When the Sounds Properties dialog box opens , select a sound from the Events list .
When the submenu opens , click Windows Media Player .
When the system software receives an interrupt request , it evaluates the request to determine the appropriate response .
When the topics appear in the list box , double - click on a topic to view its information .
When the user 's browser encounters the tags for a graphic , the server sends the graphics file to the browser .
When the user chooses a hypermedia link , the program moves to a different piece of information , possibly represented by a different type of media .
When there are hundreds of files on a disk , finding the one you want can be time consuming .
When they are used in formulas , cell references such as B4 or D7 are called relative cell references .
When this happens to a large number of files , the disk is said to be fragmented .
When used as part of an application suite , the database program can provide much of the data required for invoices , receipts , form letters , and other mission - critical documents .
When used in the context of networks , the term media refers to the wires , cables , and other means by which data travels from its source to its destination .
When users send documents ( known as print jobs ) to a networked printer , each job is stored temporarily on the file server .
When using a business network to access the Internet , users must be careful to use network resources appropriately .
When using an e - commerce site , you can tell if the current page is secure in two ways .
When viewed beyond the perspective of individual consume transactions , e - commerce is an entirely different way for companies to conduct business .
When viewing files on your computer 's disks , you can tell their formats in two ways .
When we use these products - whether a Web - based encyclopedia or a CD - ROM video game - we are doing more than working with a computer program .
When Windows came along , most users were all too happy to stop typing commands and start clicking icons .
When you add a chart or graphic to a slide , you may need to resize it to allow better spacing for other elements on the slide .
When you and a buddy are online at the same time , you can open a new window on your computer and begin a private chat session .
When you are done , a nearly completeWeb page is ready for you to add content .
When you are done , launch Notepad and write a one - page paper summarizing your findings and explaining which CD - RW unit you would purchase .
When you are done , launch Notepad and write a one - page paper summarizing your findings and explaining which presentation program you would purchase .
When you are finished , click Cancel .
When you are finished , click Cancel to close the dialog box .
When you are finished , click the Print button ( the button with a picture of a printer ) to print your report .
When you are finished , close the WordPad program by clicking the Close button ( the button marked with an X ) in the upper right corner of the window .
When you are finished , decide which device would work best for you .
When you are finished , decide which device would work best for you .
When you are finished , print the document and save the file under the name Design .
When you are finished , save the new file to disk .
When you are finished , you click the program 's send icon and the message is sent to the e - mail address .
When you are ready to buy a printer , one consideration is most important ; that is , how do you plan to use the printer ?
When you are ready to make your purchase , you can pay for it in several ways .
When you are sure all devices are plugged into the right ports , reconnect the PC and monitor to their power source .
When you buy a computer , its hard disk has already been formatted correctly and probably already contains some programs and data .
When you buy a program from a software retailer , you install it by copying the contents of the diskettes onto your hard disk drive or by running a small program on the diskettes that installs the files on your hard drive automatically .
When you choose a slide type that contains a chart or table , for example , you can create the chart or table in a separate window and then insert it in the slide .
When you click a menu 's name , a menu drops down and displays a list of commands .
When you click such a link in a slide , the Web page opens in a browser window or the other application launches .
When you create a macro , you record a series of actions .
When you create a new document , tab stops typically are defined at every fourth or fifth character , or at every 0.5 - inch position .
When you enter a date in a date field , the DBMS accepts your input , displays it in the format of a date ( such as 9 / 9 / 2003 ) , and converts it to a number ( such as 37873 ) that it stores in the database .
When you finish the tour , close the Welcome to Windows 98 window .
When you finished , close the Telnet and MS - DOS Prompt windows by clicking the Close buttons on their title bars .
When you have selected a cell , you simply type the data into it .
When you issue a command , the OS translates it into code that the machine can use .
When you launch a program , it is loaded into and run from memory .
When you launch the program , it will open with a new , blank slide ready for you to design .
When you learn these shortcuts , you may find them much more efficient than opening menus to issue commands .
When you move formulas and data to a new location , the spreadsheet automatically adjusts the cell references for formulas based on that data .
When you need to add a new piece of hardware to your computer , you need to know how to connect it to the bus .
When you need to represent a number greater than 9 , you use two symbols together .
When you need to work with a program or a set of data , the computer locates it in the file cabinet and puts a copy on the table .
When you point to a hyperlink , the browser 's status bar displays the URL that the link leads to .
When you press a key , the keyboard controller notes that a key was pressed and places a code in the keyboard buffer to indicate which key was pressed .
When you press it , a special window appears to display information about the program you are using .
When you replay the macro , it repeats those actions for you .
When you run Windows , the program does not need to load all its files into memory to run properly .
When you see a log - on message from the host , you can send an account name and password to start an operating session .
When you see letters of the alphabet on a computer screen , you are seeing just one of the computer 's ways of representing numbers .
When you select text , it changes color - becoming highlighted , as shown in Figure 1.6 - to indicate that it is selected .
When you send a message to a person rather than a computer , you must include that person 's user name in the address .
When you send an e - mail message , the message is stored on a server until the recipient can retrieve it .
When you sort data , you arrange it in a specific manner based on certain criteria , such as by date or dollar amount , or alphabetically .
When you take pictures with some digital cameras , the pictures are stored in a flash memory chip rather than on photographic film .
When you think about the two most frequently used output devices for computers - monitors and printers - why will color technology for printers become more commonplace , more affordable , and more necessary to many users ?
When you touch the screen , special sensors detect the touch , then the computer calculates the point on the screen where you placed your finger .
When you turn off a computer , everything in RAM disappears .
When you turn on a computer , it goes through several steps to prepare itself for use .
When you use a utility like WinZip , the program actually shrinks the selected files and then saves them together inside a new file , with its own name .
When you use bitmap - based graphics software , you are using the computer to change the characteristics of the pixels that compose an image .
When you use programs , you often create your own data files , such as word processing documents , and store them on a disk under names that you assign to them .
When you use the operating system to view the contents of a folder , the operating system lists specific information about each file in the folder , such as the file 's name , its size , the time and date that it created or last modified , and so on .
When you view a data table in datasheet view , you can see all records and fields at the same time - or as many as will fit on the screen .
When you visit a Web page - that is , download a page from the Web server to your computer for viewing - the act is commonly called hitting the Web site .
When you want to access a specific set of data on a tape , the drive has to scan through all the data you do not need to get to the data you want .
When you work with long lists of formulas , the time saved can be tremendous and you will make fewer keyboard mistakes .
When you write a file to a disk , the operating system checks the FAT for an open area , stores the file , and then identifies the file and its location in the FAT .
When your text reaches the right edge of the screen , the word processor automatically moves the insertion point to the next line , as shown in Figure 1. .
Whenever possible , designers use graphics of the highest possible resolution and color depth .
Whenever you add an expansion card to a computer , you may need to make other changes to enable the card to work .
Whenever you start a program in certain versions of Windows ( including Windows 95,98,2000 , or NT version 4.0 or later ) , a button for it appears on the taskbar - an area at the bottom of the screen whose purpose is to display the buttons for the programs you are running 
Where a single pin strikes the ribbon , a single dot of ink is printed on the page , hence the printer name , dot matrix .
Where and how to display graphical images .
Where do graphical user interfaces get their name ?
Where does the term clip art come from ?
Where experts disagree , however , is how computers will become faster .
Where large databases or many users are involved , lans are more likely to be set up in a client or server relationship .
Where only a few computers are involved in the same room , coaxial cable is a quick and easy solution .
Where providers will reap a profit is in charges for specific services such as video - on - demand , customized music stations , home security monitoring , entertainment and gaming , and other services .
Whereas normal film cameras capture images on a specially coated film , digital cameras capture images electronically .
Whereas other types of printer have their speed measured in pages per minute , dot matrix printers are measured in characters per second ( cps ) .
Whereas SSL can encode any amount of data , S - HTTP is used to encode individual pieces of data .
Whether a DBMS uses SQL , Xbase , or QBE , or offers all three , the results of a query are always the same .
Whether cable Internet access is or becomes available in a given area really depends on the race between cable companies and telecommunications providers to implement their high - speed technologies .
Whether CISC or RISC technology will be the basis of most future microprocessors has yet to be determined , but early bets are on models of RISC chips with reduced power consumption .
Whether it is a supercomputer ( described later in this book ) or a bar code reader , an automated machining tool or a telephone switchboard , many of the tools in today 's workplace use computer technology .
Whether it will capture the telecommunications and data communications industries , however , is yet to be determined .
Whether sound , animation , or other special types of content are included in the page and how to display them .
Whether special programming codes , which the browser needs to interpret , are used in the page .
Whether the fee was adequate is the subject of some dispute .
Whether their task is big or small , people use spreadsheet programs to juggle all those numbers .
Whether you are aware of it or not , you are constantly exposed to elaborate 3 - D imaging in movies , television , and print .
Whether you are building PCs or designing cutting - edge manufacturing systems , you will need to know how to choose or create the right processor for the job .
Whether you are playing a video game , looking up information in an online encyclopedia , or learning a new language from a CD - ROM tutorial , you may be amazed at what you see on the screen .
Whether you are shopping to equip a future office or to buy a home computer , you have quite a few monitor options to choose from .
Whether you illegally scan published images or acquire images from a legitimate source , resist the urge to put them on the Internet .
Whether you need to write a report , draw a magazine illustration , edit videotape , manage a network , or play a chess game with someone on the other side of the world , a computer can help you do it .
Whether you use a bitmap - or vector - based program depends on what you are trying to do .
Whether you use the entire Web in your work or use only your company 's network via an Internet connection , you need to consider some issues as you work online .
Which alternative - speech recognition or handwriting recognition - do you think has a better chance of ultimately replacing the keyboard as the primary device for inputting text ?
Which devices are connected to the PC and by which cables ?
Which one do you think would best suit your needs ?
Which page orientation would you choose for a document containing a wide , eight - column table ? Why ?
Which port is connected to each device ?
Which Presentation Program Is Right for You ?
Which type of computer provides a user with mobility as well as essentially the same processing capabilities as a desktop personal computer ?
While a mainframe system and its terminals do constitute a network , such systems do not allow the flexibility of PC based networks , which are increasingly common in organizations of all sizes .
While AGP improves graphics performance , it cannot be used with all PCs .
While cache memory levels have remained fairly static for the past several years , they will likely increase dramatically .
While computers today perform tasks well beyond the simple tabulating and sorting of early computers , the need for an organized data source still exists .
While CRT and flat panel monitors are the most frequently used types of displays in PC systems , there are other kinds of monitors .
While monitors and sound systems allow us to see and hear our work , printers give us something we can touch , carry , and share with others .
While most devices are simply variations on standard hardware , others may require you to learn special skills before you can use them .
While network computers have gained some market share in business , they have not succeeded to the extent their makers anticipated .
While the average color ink jet or laser printer can handle this job satisfactorily , many people are investing in special snapshot printers .
While the IDE standard still exists and is the basis for several drive interfaces , the standard now goes by about a half - dozen different names , and EIDE is widely regarded as the catch - all term for drive interfaces based on this standard .
While the K6 was not entirely compatible with Intel processors and initially performed at slower speeds , amd continued to improve the line and eventually began to overtake Intel in some markets .
While the service providers will not be making much profit in providing a high - speed connection to your home , they will be actively marketing other services for a fee .
While there will not be a PC 2000 standard , a PC 2001 standard will affect new PCs made in the latter half of 2001 .
While these devices do not offer the same storage capacities as true hard disks ( or many hot - swappable hard disks ) , they hold significantly more data than a floppy disk and are faster and just as portable .
While these settings cannot make a keyboard or mouse accessible to someone with a significant mobility impairment , they can make the computer a little easier to use for people who can use a keyboard or a mouse .
While this is an effective method for managing a limited amount of memory , it can result in slow system performance because the CPU , memory , and disk are continuously occupied with the swapping process .
While this is not the best technique for creating a personal home page , it is an easy way to make a presentation available online .
While this solution may sound convenient , many compatibility issues must be considered ( not all converters work with all televisions , for example ) , and televisions do not display images at the same resolution as a PC monitor .
While Windows NT Workstation supports networking and can be used to run peer - to - peer networks , it generally is not used on network servers .
While you can spend as little as $ 99 on a pair of goggles , a top - of - the - line home - user helmet can easily cost more than $ 500 .
Why are CAD programs so accurate ?
Why are plotters special output devices ?
Why did the Macintosh operating system become popular immediately upon its release ?
Why do you think a basic truth in computing is that one never has enough storage space ?
Why is a game controller considered an input device ?
Why is data compression such an important issue for multimedia developers ?
Why is it so important that a multimedia developer understand the audience before developing a multimedia product ?
Why is task switching necessary in a multitasking operating system ?
Why is the CPU commonly referred to as the computer 's brain ?
Why is the Internet sometimes described as a network of networks ?
Why is the process of starting a computer called booting ?
Why should you spend your time and energy studying books like this one , and becoming computer literate ?
Wide Ultra 2 SCSI supports a 16 - bit data bus and data transfer rates of 80 MBps .
Will conduit be required to encase the cabling ?
Will people relinquish even a tiny bit of control to computers ?
Will television programs and movies as we know them still be produced in thirty years ?
Will the content ever change without input from the user ?
Will there be a navigation bar with arrows leading from scene to scene , or will there be text or graphic objects that the user will click on to jump around the entire program ?
Will you need to print a wide variety of fonts in many sizes ?
Will you need to use wall plates , wiring closets , and the like ?
Window - based GUIS , like this one , make UNIX systems more user - friendly .
Windows 2000 also includes the new Windows Installer to make software installation easier .
Windows 2000 combines the user - friendly interface and features of Windows 98 with the file system , networking , power , and stability of Windows NT and some new and improved features .
Windows 2000 includes a more flexible method of dividing and accessing hard drive space , as well as adding drive - maintenance programs like Disk Defragmenter that were missing in Windows NT .
Windows 2000 includes the same interface and features of Windows 98 , with the file system , networking , power , and stability of Windows NT .
Windows 2000 , shown in Figure 1.22 , adds an enterprise directory model known as Active Directory while maintaining the graphical user interface .
Windows 3.0 was reasonably stable and succeeded in providing a GUI , and the capability to load more than one program into memory at a time .
Windows 3.0 , 3.1 , and 3.11 brought a graphical user interface and multitasking capabilities to PCs that ran DOS .
Windows 3.x is an operating environment .
Windows 95,98,2000 , and NT ( and applications that run under these operating systems ) use the right mouse button extensively to open shortcut menus 
Windows 95 also allows users to type file names of up to 256 characters and to have spaces in those names - freedoms that had not been available on DOS - based PCs .
Windows 95 and 98 have remedied this situation by allowing file names up to 256 characters long .
Windows 95 is a 32 - bit , preemptive multitasking operating system with a revised GUI .
Windows 95 is designed primarily to run 32 - bit applications but can run older 16 - bit applications designed for Windows 3.x and DOS .
Windows 95 was Microsoft 's first true GUI - based , 32 - bit operating system for Intel PCs .
Windows 98 's capability to support up to eight monitors at one time is ideal for applications such as computer - aided design , providing large desktops and the capability to separate application and document windows .
Windows 98 also adds support for new and emerging technologies and expands other hardware support , including USB devices , DVD , and OnNow ( which enables computers to be booted and ready to use almost instantly ) .
Windows conducts the search and displays the results at the bottom of the Find : All Files dialog box .
Windows displays a second dialog box , which explains the details in the defragmentation window .
Windows for Workgroups was an important step for the Windows line of operating systems because it was network - enabled .
Windows give you access to all the resources on your computer .
Windows lets you quickly check and configure your computer 's multimedia settings .
Windows NT ( New Technology ) was originally designed as the successor to DOS , but by the time it was ready for release , it had become too large to run on most of the PCs in use at the time .
Windows NT also integrates features that provide for disk mirroring , which is the capability to have online a backup hard disk that is a mirror image of another .
Windows NT incorporates much greater security than Microsoft 's other operating systems .
Windows NT is more fault - tolerant than other Microsoft operating systems .
Windows NT requires users to have an account either on the computer they are using or on a server on the network .
Windows NT runs on systems that use Intel , AMD , Cyrix , Alpha , PowerPC , and other RISC - based processors .
Windows NT Server also incorporates several features not found in Windows NT Workstation .
Windows NT Server also operates with many other network operating systems .
Windows NT Server incorporates all the features of Windows NT Workstation but also has other capabilities .
Windows NT Server offers expanded security features for grouping and authenticating users and controlling their access to network resources .
Windows NT Workstation is designed to take better advantage of today 's computers and also runs on a broader range of CPUs than do other versions of Windows , which run only on Intel , AMD , or Cyrix processor - based systems .
Windows Paint is a basic bitmap - based paint program that is almost always installed with Windows .
Windows was not originally an operating system but an operating environment , another term for an interface that disguises the underlying operating system .
Wireless communication relies on radio signals or infrared signals for transmitting data .
Wireless solutions are most useful in installations where installing cable is impractical , such as in concrete or masonry structures .
With 1 byte , the computer can represent one of 256 different symbols or characters because the eight 1s and 0s in a byte can be combined in 256 different ways .
With 2 bytes , enough Unicode codes can be created to represent more than 65,536 different characters or symbols .
With a CD - ReWritable drive , users can leverage the high storage capacity of compact disks but revise the data on them in the same manner as a floppy disk .
With a circuit - switched line , you call a number , the telephone system connects you , and you have complete access to that connection until you hang up .
With a larger monitor , like the 17 inch model shown in Figure 1.8 , you can make the objects on the screen appear bigger , or you can fit more of them on the screen .
With a pen based system , you use a pen ( also called a stylus ) to write on a special pad or directly on the screen .
With a pointing device and a black - and - white WYSIWYG ( pronounced wizzy wig ) monitor that displayed images as they would appear in print , the Macintosh computer allowed users to manipulate shapes , lines , and patterns with great flexibility .
With a proportional font , such as Times , each character is as wide as it needs to be .
With a serial interface , data bits are transmitted one at a time through a single wire ( however , the interface includes additional wires for the bits that control the flow of data ) .
With a word processor , you can easily add graphic images - photos , drawings , or clip art - to your documents .
With an Internet connection and a player like RealPlayer G2 , you can tune into The Weather Channel , CNN , and other cable television channels without connecting cable TV or an antenna to your PC .
With an operating system , you see and interact with a set of items on the screen : the user interface .
With applications such as Outlook , you can store and manage your schedules , e - mail addresses , news sources , and other types of information .
With capacities as high as 50 GB , 100 GB , and higher , tape offers an inexpensive way to store a lot of data on a single cassette .
With clustering , Windows 2000 can group print servers to provide alternate printers if one print server fails .
With compatible MIDI hardware , a stage manager can turn on a microphone or fade out a light from the same sequencer used to control a drum machine or keyboard .
With computers touching nearly every facet of our lives , the issue of computer literacy becomes important .
With digital cameras and scanners becoming increasingly popular , users want to be able to print the images they create or scan .
With e - book prices ranging from about $ 200 up to $ 1500 ( depending on model and features ) , there may soon be an e - book that fits nearly everyone 's price range .
With enough public dollars and enthusiasm behind the technology , mp3 may be valuable enough for all parties concerned to develop the standards and security necessary to make MP3 permanent .
With Ethernet , if two nodes transmit simultaneously , the collision is detected and they retransmit one at a time .
With funding from NASA , engelbart 's team developed a series of simple tests to determine which input device enabled users to move a cursor around the screen in the least amount of time and with the least effort .
With hard disks , the number of sides that the disk uses is specified by the number of write heads .
With IBM compatible computers , most mice have two buttons , but clicking , double clicking , and dragging are usually carried out with the left mouse button .
With it , you can dictate to the computer instead of typing , and you can control the computer with simple commands , such as Open or Cancel .
With its cryptic command - driven interface , linux is not likely to become the operating system of the masses , even though developers have created a windows - like GUI for it .
With its release in August 1999 , AMD 's Athlon processor was the fastest microprocessor available , operating at speeds up to 650 MHz .
With Macintosh computers , most mice have only one button .
With many DBMS products , the table view ( sometimes called the datasheet view ) is what you use to create a database table and to modify field specifications .
With millions of Internet users able to pass information to and take information from the network , the security of business networks is a major concern .
With modern operating systems such as Windows 9x , Windows NT , and the Macintosh OS , drivers are an integral part of the operating system .
With modern spreadsheets , creating a chart is simple .
With most CD - R drives , however , you can continue to record information to other parts of the disk until it is full .
With most CRT monitors , you can see the image clearly even when standing at an angle to the screen .
With most GUI - based operating systems , rules for using the mouse to interact with icons are fairly consistent .
With most moderately priced CRTs , however , some curvature of the screen is normal and can easily be seen .
With networks , you can simply identify the network operating system when you install Windows 95 , and Windows 95 will be compatible with it .
With object linking , when the numbers in the spreadsheet are changed , the chart in the report will automatically reflect the new figures .
With preemptive multitasking , the operating system can preempt the program that is running and reassign the time to a higher priority task at any time .
With QBE , you specify the search criteria by typing values or expressions into the fields of a QBE form or grid .
With Quicken , you can manage your checkbook , bank accounts , calendar , taxes , and more .
With scaling , there is no change in the resolution , so there is no loss in the image 's quality .
With some practice , you may be ready to try a full - featured commercial program .
With some programs , Scroll Lock causes the cursor to remain stationary on the screen , and the document 's contents move around it .
With speeds ranging from 300 to 475 MHz and a 100 MHz data bus , the K6 - 2 offers Level - 2 cache sizes as great as 2 MB ( compared to the Pentium II 's 512 KB L2 cache ) .
With speeds that reached 1 GHz in March 2000 , the Pentium III includes seventy new built - in instructions and improved multimedia - handling features .
With supervisor rights , however , the user can perform any task on the files , including copying , moving , and deleting .
With tape drives , all you really need to worry about is convenience and capacity .
With technologies such as virtual reality modeling language ( VRML ) , web designers are creating virtual worlds for Web users to explore .
With the advent of the Macintosh computer and the Windows operating environment , computers were required to display colors and graphics at high resolutions .
With the advent of Windows , IBM - compatible PCs caught up with the Macintosh in terms of graphics performance .
With the computer 's capability to mimic traditional artists 'media , graphics software allows artists to do with a computer what they once did with brushes , pencils , and darkroom equipment .
With the growth of multimedia and the Internet , computer users are adding video input capabilities to their systems in great numbers .
With the introduction of sound cards in the late 1980s , computers could play recorded sounds and music ( from an application or a compact disk ) and even synthesize sounds .
With the introduction of the 620 late in 1995 , powerpc chips established a new performance record for microprocessors .
With the introduction of Windows 95 , Intel - based PCs began supporting the Plug and Play standard , making it easier to install hardware via an existing port or expansion slot .
With the K6 - III processor , amd broke the 600 MHz barrier , claiming the fastest processor title for the first time in IBM - compatible computers .
With the keystrokes stored in a buffer , the program can react to them when it is convenient .
With the networking boom that began in the late 1980s , thousands of organizations decided to invest in network systems .
With the Pentium , intel broke its tradition of numeric model names - partly to prevent other chip manufacturers from using similar numeric names , which implied that their products were functionally identical to Intel 's chips .
With the Pentium III processor , intel achieved clock speeds greater than 500 MHz .
With the proper software , users can convert incoming fax files into files that can be edited with a word processor something that stand - alone fax machines cannot do .
With the release of more powerful graphics software and the advent of the Postscript page - description language - which enabled accurate printing of complex images - the Macintosh became the tool of choice for a new breed of computer artists .
With the release of the K6 and Athlon processor series , amd proved that it could compete feature for feature with many of Intel 's best - selling products .
With the right software , the home user can then dial into the office network and upload or download files at any time .
With the right software , you can do much more than simply record and play back digitized sound .
With the right software and an Internet account , you can go online and view materials that others have published - that is , posted on an Internet server .
With the right tools , you can quickly create attractive , interesting pages that are ready to be published on the Web .
With their high contrast displays and vivid white backgrounds , these monitors enable the designer to view fine details of the page 's appearance and to make more accurate choices about fonts , borders , placement of graphics , and more .
With these features and expandability , it is ideal for administering networks ranging from small to enterprise - wide .
With these features and scalability , it is ideal for administering networks ranging from small to enterprise - wide .
With this method , files do not have to be copied to the central server before they can be backed up .
With this method , the operating system maintains a list of programs that are running and assigns a priority to each program in the list .
With this methodology , each node examines data sent through the ring .
With this new capability , the mouse helped establish the computer as a versatile tool for graphic designers , starting what has since become a revolution in the graphic design field .
With this question in mind , discuss the following questions in class .
With this testing , the programmer can locate any flaws and repair them before unleashing the finished product on the world .
With this thought in mind , discuss the following questions in class .
With this thought in mind , discuss the following questions in class .
With this thought in mind , discuss the following questions in class .
With this thought in mind , discuss the following questions in class .
With this thought in mind , discuss the following questions in class .
With this thought in mind , discuss the following questions in class .
With this thought in mind , discuss the following questions in class .
With this type of system , a user can issue commands and navigate menu systems by talking to the computer and can dictate text for the PC to type .
With traditional expansion bus technologies , you are limited to the number of available expansion slots .
With vector - based software , the CPU can represent the same line using just the end points .
With Windows NT released , microsoft went back to the drawing board to create a more consumer - oriented version of Windows to replace DOS on home and office PCs , the result would be Windows 95 which is discussed later .
With your instructor 's help , remove the cover from a computer .
With your instructor 's help , turn on a computer and watch the screen carefully as the system starts up .
With your instructor observing , turn your computer and monitor off and unplug them from their power source .
With your printer 's Properties dialog box open , click the General tab .
Within a few years , many companies were copying the IBM design , creating clones or compatibles that were meant to function like the original .
Within a few years , the graphics world had embraced the Macintosh as a serious production tool .
Within another decade , most home devices will be integrated into the network , enabling technicians to troubleshoot and possibly to repair appliances remotely .
Within each subcategory of microcomputer , you can find dozens or even hundreds of unique systems .
Within the computer , data is organized into files .
Within the CPU , program instructions are retrieved and translated with the help of an internal instruction set and the accompanying microcode .
Within the monitor 's constraints , the controller 's processing power determines the refresh rate , resolution , and number of colors that can be displayed .
Within those three groups , consumers have hundreds of options , ranging widely in price and features .
Without a directory of some sort to help you find the right information on the Web , you could literally spend hours going from one Web site to another trying to find what you need .
Without a network that enables file sharing , workers typically keep separate copies of data on different disks , and universally updating the data becomes difficult .
Wizards are specially useful because they help you avoid common mistakes in design , setting up links , and performing other tasks .
Wood can be cut , drilled , shaped , and sanded , and objects created with a 3 - D modeling program can be changed or molded .
Word Processing and Desktop Publishing Software .
Word Processing Programs and Their Uses .
Word processing programs can create documents in HTML format , which are ready to be published as pages on the World Wide Web .
Word processing software ( also called a word processor ) is an application that provides extensive tools for creating all kinds of text - based documents , as shown in Figures 1.1 through 1. .
Word processing software also lets you apply special formats , such as columns , to documents .
Word processing software creates a paragraph each time you press the Enter key .
Word processing software for creating text based documents such as newsletters or brochures .
Word processing software is designed for creating documents that consist primarily of text .
Word processing software provides precise control over the amount of space between each line of text in a paragraph , a setting known as line spacing .
Word processing software provides several simple methods for erasing and retyping text quickly .
Word processors allow you to create long , highly complex documents that are ready to send to a commercial printer .
Word processors also allow you to divide a document into sections and apply a different format to each section .
Word processors and spreadsheets have made tools such as typewriters and ledger books obsolete .
Word processors are not limited to working with text .
Word processors are not the only programs that can convert documents into Web pages .
Word processors can even create documents for publishing on the World Wide Web , complete with hyperlinked text and graphics .
Word processors enable you to add graphics and sound files to your documents .
Word processors enable you to add images to documents and design documents that look like products of a professional print shop .
Word processors greatly simplify mass mailings and can print envelopes , brochures , and other complex documents .
Word processors let you work with type sizes from as little as one point to as large as several hundred points .
Word processors make it easy to create documents .
Word processors now feature many capabilities once found only in DTP software ( graphics importing , font controls , and many others ) , and most users find that their word processor more than satisfies their daily desktop publishing and page layout requirements .
Word your postings clearly and carefully , and use appropriate language .
WordPad is a lightweight word processing application .
WordPerfect 's interface features tools that are commonly found in word processing programs .
WordPerfect Office 2000 , for example , requires about 280 MB of disk space for a typical installation , while Microsoft Windows 98 can take up 295 MB .
Work With Graphics - Intensive or Desktop Publishing Applications .
Workers for delivery services , such as Federal Express , also use handheld bar code readers to identify packages in the field .
Working together , the arm and roller can draw perfect circles and other geometric shapes , as well as lines of different weights and colors .
Worksheets can be named , and a workbook can contain as many individual worksheets as your system 's resources will allow .
Worksheets can contain text - called labels ( names for data values ) - as well as values and formulas .
Workstations are powerful single - user computers that are used by engineers , scientists , and graphic artists .
Workstations are specialized , single - user computers with many of the features of a personal computer but with the processing power of a minicomputer .
Workstations often have large , high - resolution monitors and accelerated graphics - handling capabilities , making them perfect for advanced design , modeling , animation , and video editing .
Workstations typically use advanced processors and feature more RAM and storage capacity than personal computers .
Would you be willing to learn to type or accept the job at a lower salary ?
Would you restrict printer use in offices ?
Would you take printers away from certain types of workers ?
Would you use this tactic , say , to create a term paper for school ?
Write a one - page report on the product and summarize its strengths and flaws .
Write down the data for the selected controller , then click Cancel .
Write down the data in the dialog box .
Write down the information about your modem .
Write down the information for each adapter , and then click Cancel .
Write down the resolution and refresh rate .
Write down what the DOS prompt says .
Writing data , however , is another matter .
Writing data means recording data on the surface of the disk , where it is stored for later use .
Xbase is a generic query language derived from the programming language used in the Dbase family of database products developed by Ashton Tate .
Xbase is a generic query language derived from the query language used in the Dbase family of database products developed by Ashton Tate .
Xerox Corporation estimated that American businesses produced nearly 1.5 trillion papers documents .
Xerox did , however , own the rights to mouse technology , which it licensed to Apple for a fee .
Yet the telephone line remains active , reserving the same amount of bandwidth .
You add arguments within the paren - theses of the function .
You also can choose the hyperlinks that will appear in your portal , making it easy to jump to other favorite sites .
You also need to know that , while there are some standard and accepted database terms , they are not always used or used correctly .
You also should have experience with major operating systems , such as Windows 98 , MS - DOS , Apple Macintosh , and UNIX .
You also want to make sure that the drive uses an interface that is compatible with any other devices you may add to the computer .
You are a skilled drafter with 15 years of experience you have always done your drafting work using traditional methods ( pen and paper ) .
You are not a touch typist , however , and your typing is very slow .
You can add depth to a plain presentation by giving it a shaded background and by placing borders around certain elements .
You can add different media types , such as audio or video files , to your slides .
You can add elements to the slide simply by typing , making menu or toolbar choices , and dragging .
You can add new sheets to a 3 - D file or delete worksheets you no longer need .
You can also add your own notes to specific topics .
You can also attach document or program files to e - mail messages .
You can also carry your MP3 recordings with you and play them on a ViaPC or Rio player .
You can also copy or move a block of selected text from one part of the document to another , or even from one document to another .
You can also create animated transitions , a special effect that causes slides to blend together when you switch from one slide to the next .
You can also create complex forms that display related information from multiple tables .
You can also create special effects by adding graphics , such as clip art , to your worksheets .
You can also divide a document into sections and give section its own unique format .
You can also download trial versions of powerful draw programs like Adobe Illustrator ( at www . adobe . com / ) and CorelDRAW ( at www . corel . com / ) .
You can also find basic drawing tools in word processing programs .
You can also insert or delete rows and columns .
You can also paste them into other documents , with a PhotoCD , you can continue to add images until the disk is full .
You can also purchase large collections of clip art or download clip art from various online sources .
You can also set the repeat speed .
You can also set up a document for custom paper sizes .
You can also switch to landscape orientation ( or wide orientation ) , in which the paper is turned on its side , as shown in Figure 1.1 .
You can also tell by looking at the Type column in your operating system 's file manager .
You can also thank the CAD world for the 3 - D craze that has swept through the design industry since the early 1990s .
You can also use Enter to choose commands and options in many programs and at various places in an operating system 's interface .
You can also use the pen as a pointing device , like a mouse , to select commands .
You can also use the spreadsheet 's cut , copy , and paste features to duplicate and move data to various parts of the worksheet .
You can apply almost any description for the data ( yes or no , true or false , on or off , and so forth ) .
You can back up the entire disk , programs and all , or you can back up your data files .
You can buy a basic camera for around $ 100 .
You can change the circle 's shape into an oval , change the size of the circle , or change its color , or you can fill its interior with a color , a blend of colors , or a pattern .
You can change the formatting of the selection by making it bold or underlined , for example , or by changing the font or font size .
You can choose a different type for each slide in your presentation , if you want .
You can close the tour at any time by clicking the Close button .
You can control the length of time your keyboard waits as you hold down an alphanumeric key before it starts repeating the character .
You can create an outline for a database by using a word processor .
You can create documents in one application that contains data from a different application .
You can create entire Web sites from templates , with hyperlinks connecting all the pages in a logical organization .
You can create many kinds of formulas manually to do basic arithmetic operations , calculus or trigonometric operations , and so on .
You can create several scenarios or versions of the same spreadsheet , each one containing different assumptions reflected in its formulas .
You can create slides from scratch ( starting with a blank slide ) , but it is easier and faster to work with one of the presentation program 's many templates .
You can customize a portal page by selecting the types of information you want to view .
You can download content for the Rocket eBook to your PC from Internet sites , such as Barnes and Noble booksellers , and then transfer it to the eBook via a serial port connection .
You can earn certification on many of Microsoft 's professional products , including its applications , database systems , and programming languages as well as networking technologies using Windows NT , BackOffice , and other products .
You can easily flip through the e - book 's pages or use hyper - linked contents or index entries to jump directly to a desired passage .
You can easily change one part of a formula or a cell that it refers to and see how that affects the rest of the worksheet .
You can easily check your settings and change them if you need better graphics performance .
You can easily find mixed networks , where Macintosh PCs , mainframe systems , and other platforms have been combined .
You can easily find images scanned directly from popular magazines , clips pirated from videotapes , and still images captured from television shows and movies .
You can embed a sound or video object into a slide .
You can embed different types of objects , such as links to Web pages or other applications , in a presentation .
You can embed different types of objects in a presentation .
You can embed sound files in your documents in much the same way that you embed a graphic file .
You can embed these files in documents , use them in Web pages , or e - mail them to other people .
You can enter text , values , dates , and formulas in the cells of a worksheet .
You can erase an entire selected block by pressing the Delete key or by typing other text over the selected block .
You can even adjust the alignment so that your text flows around the picture .
You can even direct input into multiple tables , which really makes life easier for a typist who does not know about the underlying structure of the DBMS and database tables .
You can even embed navigation tools ( such as forward and back buttons ) , hyperlinks , and other multimedia elements into an HTML presentation .
You can even give names to cells or cell ranges instead of using their row and column address .
You can even use a dial - up connection through the telephone lines to connect to the Internet while you share files and printers through the telephone lines locally .
You can even use the program 's drawing tools to draw on a slide while it is being displayed .
You can expect these systems to evolve rapidly ( assuming they become popular ) .
You can find a collection of links to such sites at www . shockwave . com / .
You can find good clip art from reputable sources by checking these Web sites .
You can find information of all kinds , from weather maps to magazine articles , housed on these systems .
You can find medium - capacity tape drives and Zip or Jaz drives for as little as $ 100 to $ 300 , prices increase with speed and capacity .
You can find online editions of standard printed dictionaries , such as Webster 's ( www . m - w . com / ) and the Cambridge International Dictionaries ( www . cup . cam . ac . uk / elt / dictionary / ) , as well as lexicons available only online , such as OneLook Dictionaries ( www . onelook . com / ) and The Alternative Dictionaries .
You can format a floppy disk by using operating system commands , as shown in Figure 1. .
You can format text in a spreadsheet by applying different fonts , font sizes , styles , alignments , and special effects to your labels .
You can format your hard disk , if necessary , but the process is a little different from formatting a floppy disk .
You can get the best results from your slide shows if you present them directly from the PC 's disk using a display device that is appropriate for the audience and room size .
You can include these functions in your own formulas .
You can link different documents together - for example , link a chart from a spreadsheet into a word processing report - to create complex documents that update themselves automatically .
You can make these changes without affecting any other objects in the drawing .
You can manually edit any part of a formula or function simply by selecting its cell and making your changes in the formula bar .
You can move , copy , reshape , scale , and distort shapes simply by clicking and dragging .
You can move from one slide to the next by clicking the mouse button or pressing Enter .
You can move from one slide to the next manually , or you can automate the presentation so that each slide appears on screen for a set amount of time before being replaced by the next slide .
You can obtain a shareware program for free , initially , and can easily download one from Web sites like www . download . com / , www . shareware . com / , and many others .
You can obtain information about books in the library 's collection over the Internet as easily as you could from the library 's own reference room .
You can open a document template , type your text into it , save it , and you 're done .
You can perform five primary actions with a two button mouse .
You can place labels in any cell in a worksheet and can easily move or delete labels .
You can print your slides and present them using a slide projector or overhead projector .
You can restore data remotely from such a system .
You can see the products of these powerful tools everywhere you look .
You can select a contiguous group of cells , called a range , for formatting or editing .
You can select a word , then launch the thesaurus .
You can select an item , store it in the basket , and continue shopping until you are ready to purchase .
You can select from a list of options to customize your own portal .
You can select text by using the mouse ( dragging to select several words or lines ) , the keyboard ( using Shift and the arrow keys to select characters , words , or lines ) , or both ( using Ctrl while clicking to select entire sentences ) .
You can send and receive e - mail from these sites , and several offer other useful personalization features .
You can set the repeat rate to suit your typing abilities .
You can set up a word processor document for other standard sizes , such as legal size ( 8 1 / 2 by 14 inches ) .
You can set up notes so they are visible only to you , or you can print them with or without the actual slide .
You can share files , collaborate , communicate , and conference with people on the other side of the globe .
You can sort the same list on another field , such as Supplier , as shown in Figure 2.1 .
You can than view your HTML page in your browser , just as you can view the original document in the word processor .
You can then drop the item in a new position on the screen .
You can then put the PhotoCD in your computer 's CD - ROM drive ( assuming that it supports PhotoCD , and most do ) and view the images on your computer .
You can then save the macro , give it a name ( such as Quotation ) , and assign it to a shortcut key ( such as Alt - 1 ) or a toolbar button , depending on your program 's macro capabilities .
You can then use software to organize or manipulate the electronic image .
You can think of data as facts out of context , like the individual letters on this page .
You can think of the motherboard as the master circuit board in a computer .
You can type multiple words and sometimes questions in a search engine 's search box .
You can use a PC to access vast knowledge bases on almost any topic , search archives of information dating back decades , and even take online courses for credit .
You can use a photo - manipulation program to repair problems with an image , such as adjusting colors or hiding mistakes .
You can use a spell checker , grammar checker , and thesaurus to improve the language of a word - processed document .
You can use a word processor or HTML editor to create your own personalized start page containing links to your favorite Web sites .
You can use a worksheet to analyze data .
You can use animation tools to make text pop up or crawl onto the screen or to make slides build themselves by adding individual pieces of text that appear as you introduce them to the audience .
You can use color laser printers for higher - resolution printing , but they are very expensive .
You can use digital photos in Web pages and documents .
You can use it as a stand - alone application for viewing television programming and listening to radio broadcasts over the Web and for viewing music videos , movies , and other forms of entertainment .
You can use macros to automate nearly any task that requires multiple steps - no matter how many steps are involved .
You can use similar techniques to change squares to rectangles and to modify other shapes .
You can use Telnet to operate a distant computer by remote control through the Internet , but sometimes there is no substitute for having your own copy of a program or data files .
You can use Telnet to operate a distant computer by remote control through the Internet , but sometimes there is no substitute for having your own copy of a program or data files .
You can use the mouse to drag the volume control up or down to change the volume setting , or select the Mute checkbox to silence the sound system entirely .
You can use the tools of a DBMS to perform six important data management functions .
You can use the wheel for various purposes , one of which is scrolling through long documents .
You can use this toolbar to quickly launch your Web browser and visit a specified site .
You can use your programs and data in compressed form without expanding them manually ; DriveSpace 3 handles those tasks for you .
You can use your television for playing interactive video games , for example , but only with the addition of a game console and control devices .
You can usually do this by clicking the Help menu , and then clicking the Help or Contents option .
You can view QuickTime VR movies in the QuickTime Player or in a Web browser that includes the QuickTime plug - in , as shown in Figure 2. .
You can visit the Web site at http : / / enablery . org / iPic .
You can watch full length movies with stereophonic sound at your PC .
You cannot tell from the computer screen , but in the AutoCAD database , this three - dimensional image of Earth is in full scale .
You click it to open the Start menu .
You control the pointer by moving the joystick .
You create a document by typing on the keyboard - a process known as entering text .
You do not have to be a database expert , however , to work with a database management system or enterprise software application .
You double - click on an icon to choose , or activate it .
You enter the person 's e - mail address and then type the message .
You have already been introduced to some of these , such as the CPU 's registers and the memory .
You have already learned that all the components of a computer tie into the computer 's CPU by way of the bus .
You have already seen examples of data presented in two - dimensional , worksheet - style tables .
You have already seen the Start menu , which appears when you click the Start button in some versions of Windows .
You have applied for a job as a reporter for a newspaper .
You have probably encountered various types of hypermedia tools if you have spent any time surfing the Web or using disk - based multimedia products .
You have seen that large companies store gigabytes of data about their customers .
You hold the pen in your hand and write on a special pad or directly on the screen .
You interact with a spreadsheet primarily by entering data into individual cells .
You interact with your computer 's resources by activating the icons that represent the resources , which is done most easily by using a pointing device , such as a mouse .
You issue many keyboard shortcuts by pressing multiple keys at the same time , such as a modifier key and an alphanumeric key .
You learn , however , that none of those firms will consider you for employment because you have no experience drafting on a computer .
You learned about basic mouse usage in Chapter 1 , Standard Methods of Input of INTERACTING WITH YOUR COMPUTER .
You learned about sorting in the discussion of spreadsheet programs in WORD PROCESSING AND SPREADSHEET SOFTWARE .
You may already be familiar with a paint program , like Windows Paint , or you may have used similar bitmap - based tools in a word processor to draw simple shapes or lines in a document .
You may be surprised at how often you see these devices , and you may decide that an alternative device will be your primary means of interacting with your computer .
You may find it helpful to reformat diskettes from time to time because the process ensures that all data is deleted from the disk .
You may find little use for other types of applications , but you may find your word processor to be a program you cannot live without .
You may find many kinds of buttons in your program windows and dialog boxes ; each one enables you to perform a specific task .
You may have accessed a data warehouse without even realizing it .
You may hear the terms World Wide Web and Internet used interchangeably , as though they are the same .
You may need to upgrade or replace some or all of your software to accommodate the new OS .
You may need your instructor 's help to do this exercise .
You may not find your answer immediately .
You may not know the mathematical equations for a loan payment or the depreciation of an asset using the double declining balance method .
You may not need to know how often a hard drive is backed up ( unless that task becomes your responsibility ) or even where a particular file is stored .
You may not realize how much of the imagery you see is created on a computer .
You may not think of a game controller as an input device , but it is .
You may recall that when referring to data storage , the term media refers to materials for storing data , such as magnetic disks and tape .
You may remember from high school science projects that one magnet can be used to make another .
You may think that setting up a network is simple once you have selected the type of network , server , operating system , and other options you need .
You may want to reformat the disk completely before installing a new OS .
You might also consider becoming certified by Novell or Microsoft .
You might also see some subdomains broken into even smaller subsubdomains , like evolution genetics . washington . edu .
You might enter a series of values in a column so that you can total them .
You might find yourself in a virtual room , car , or cave .
You might think the keyboard simply sends the letter of a pressed key to the computer - after all , that is what appears to happen .
You must have a high level of networking expertise before enrolling in these programs .
You must look carefully and do some mental arithmetic to determine which products sold best and which month had the best sales .
You must register for the account by creating a user name and password ; the service creates a complete e - mail address for you , such as yourname @ hotmail . com .
You need to adopt a backup system for the department 's data .
You press another key while holding down one of the modifier keys .
You probably have been exposed to some examples of multimedia educational software .
You probably have heard the term home page used to reference a page named index : html on a Web site .
You read books for school and for pleasure .
You read this address as J Smith at widgets dot com .
You rest your thumb on the exposed ball and your fingers on the buttons .
You see the output of draw programs in everything from cereal box designs to television show credits .
CorelXARA , CorelDraw , and Adobe Illustrator are popular PC drawing programs .
You set the cursor where you want the graphic to appear , tell the word processing program that you want to insert a graphic , and then locate the graphic file .
You should also make sure that the slides ' colors complement one another and do not make text difficult to read .
You should be able to find the specifications for a device in its packaging or documentation , or you may be able to get them from the manufacturer 's Web site .
You should consider four specifications when comparing monitors .
You should consider four specifications when evaluating printers .
You simply move the pointer to the on screen position you want , press the mouse button , and the cursor appears at the preselected position .
You simply pay the telephone company for the time you spend connected to the other computer .
You simply plug a USB - compliant device into the computer 's existing USB port .
You simply register for the service , select a URL for your site , and post your Web pages .
You then can use that page 's HTML formatting as the basis for your page .
You understand its basic terms and concepts .
You use a mouse by moving it across a flat surface and pressing its buttons .
You use a mouse to point to a location on the screen .
You use it to open the Start menu , which provides access to the programs and devices on your disk .
You use one hand to issue many basic shortcuts ( such as Ctrl - P , Ctrl - S , and others ) or to launch macros .
You want all the formulas , no matter where they are , to refer to a specific cell .
You want to create a database system to store information about products , vendors , customers , employees , accounts paid and received , and so on .
You want to format the quotations in italic , one point size smaller than the body text , and indented 1 inch from both the left and right margins .
You want to make sure that your drives operate at a speed that complements your processor 's capabilities .
You were not born with such knowledge or abilities , but it may be hard to imagine living without them today .
You will access application help later .
You will also learn some important criteria for judging a monitor 's performance .
You will also see that without a user - someone like you - a computer system is not really complete .
You will be able to send data much more quickly .
You will be amazed at the results you can get with a little practice and patience .
You will find this level of interactivity in practically any popular multimedia product , whether the program is a video game , a CD - based reference tool , an electronic test bank , or a shopping site on the Web .
You will learn about different types of application software in later units .
You will learn about some of the applications of multimedia technologies and how new media are changing the way we work and play .
You will learn about the different types of monitors commonly used with computers and how they work .
You will learn about the most common types of printers and see how each creates an image on paper .
You will learn about the types of hardware that all computer systems use , and the types of software that make them run .
You will learn how operating systems have evolved over the past two decades .
You will learn how these CPUs are typically differentiated from one another , and see how their performance is measured .
You will learn how to check your keyboard 's repeat rate in the lab exercises at the end of this unit .
You will learn more about networking and communications devices in the book NETWORKS AND DATA COMMUNICATIONS .
You will learn more about operating systems in the book THE OPERATING SYSTEM AND USER INTERFACE .
You will learn more about sound cards and their function in Monitors and Sound Systems of the book The Output devices .
You will learn more about the various types of RAM and other kinds of computer memory in Chapter 1 , Transforming Data into Information of PROCESSING DATA .
You will learn more about these and other types of storage devices in the book STORING INFORMATION IN A COMPUTER .
You will learn the criteria for evaluating different printers and examine some of the specialized printing devices designed for professional use .
You will learn the importance of these devices , the way the computer accepts input from them , and the many tasks they enable you to perform on your PC .
You will need a different phone - a digital one that translates your voice into bits rather than an analog signal .
You will need a word processor and spreadsheet installed on your computer .
You will not need a modem to send data .
You will often see charts in business presentations , yet you will rarely see the worksheets used to create the charts .
You will study diskettes and hard disks in detail later .
You work with the interface 's tools to perform data management functions .
Your ability to use input devices is critical to your overall success with the whole system .
Your audience can view slides in one of four ways .
Your audience can view slides in several ways .
Your computer must have the appropriate Shockwave plug - in installed to use the Shockwave components at these sites .
Your converter must be able to accept the number of colors that your video card sends .
Your document can contain text , numbers , and formulas for calculating numbers .
Your first backup should be a full backup - everything on your hard disk - and it should be repeated once a week .
Your first task is to create a file system on your computer 's hard disk where you can store and manage all these files .
Your home computer will monitor the temperature , humidity , and other environmental factors and adjust the thermostats accordingly .
Your instructor may direct you to select different options .
Your ISP can provide you with space on a Web server and an address where others can find your pages .
Your journalistic skills are excellent .
Your operating system may also have a built - in backup utility that works with several devices .
Your operating system should provide a utility that lets you check a magnetic disk for different types of errors .
Your OS may also provide a special dialog box or a keyboard shortcut for performing task switching .
Your outline may resemble an outline for a book , including a list of terms to be defined , but with the addition of lines and arrows to indicate important links that must be provided within the information .
Your oven will coordinate with your microwave to make sure everything is ready for dinner at the same time .
Your personalized portal can provide various content and links that simply cannot be found in typical corporate Web sites .
Your portal can include many different types of information and graphics , including news , sports , weather , entertainment news , financial information , multiple search engines , chat room access , email , and more .
Your presentation program should provide dozens of built - in templates , as shown in Figure 1. .
Your profession ( or your special interests ) can determine how you interact with the computer .
Your request must be broken into packets .
Your Telnet connection will be closed .
Your washing machine will talk to your dryer to tell it what type of load to expect next .
Your worst - case scenario might be a house for $ 150,000 and an interest rate of 9 % , then you can create a report summarizing the different scenarios .
Zip disks , made by Iomega Corp . , are available in 100 MB and 250 MB capacities and require a special disk drive and utility software .
The storage containing the data may have been changed.
SYS1LOGREC System Action:
If possible, the system formats the entry.
It will be formatted as hexadecimal data.
The system formats the entry in hexadecimal and EBCDIC.
Remaining entries formatted as hexadecimal data.
The system formats all remaining entries in hexadecimal and EBCDIC.
The system does not format any further entries.
The data could not be located.
The system does not format the entry.
SYS1LOGREC Explanation:
The system could not set up a recovery environment for master trace processing.
The system could not find resources needed to locate the master trace table in the dump.
The system does not format the master trace table in the dump.
If no fix exists, obtain a dump.
The master trace table did not exist in the system when the dump was written.
The system could not use the master trace table in the dump.
The system formats the recovery master trace table instead.
The system formats the recovery master trace table in the dump.
The system could not format this data.
A page of the master trace table is not in the dump.
The dump may not be complete.
The system stops formatting the master trace table in the dump.
The system may have formatted a portion of the master trace table.
The system could not obtain the storage required to format the master trace table.
The system does format the master trace table in the dump.
The system ends dump formatting.
The message text contains one of the following:
It is one of the following:
Depending on the message text, the system does the following:
In these cases, the system continues formatting.
Depending on the message text, do the following:
The message text length is incorrect.
Dump analysis changes the index to one.
The system continues processing and changes the index to one.
Verify that the correct dump is being processed.
This is probably a user error.
If it is not, obtain a new dump containing the control block.
This is an error for an active configuration.
User's Guide for further information about the return code.
The formatted dump data that you requested follows this message.
This message marks the end of the formatted dump data that you requested.
Specify the keywords so that only one address space is selected.
The address space identified in the message text was selected for data formatting.
This message is informational; the system continues processing.
Check the dump for the error described in the message which preceded IKJ58639I.
Check the dump for the error described in message IKJ58642I.
This message is informational only.
Look at the dump for the error described in message IKJ58649I.
The pointer to the top element on the stack should contain a valid address.
The pointer to the first symbol name table should contain a valid address, but it contains a zero.
Check the dump for the error described in message immediately preceding IKJ58677I.
The address of the symbol value is not in the range of valid symbol value table element addresses.
The system does not display the symbol value for this particular symbol.
The system displays only the first 256 characters of the symbol value.
It is necessary to process the symbols keyword.
None of the address spaces in the dump meet the selection criteria for the address space keywords in effect.
Therefore, the global symbols cannot be displayed.
The two values do not match.
No data will be formatted.
Control blocks for the specified keyword will not be displayed.
The data stack will not be displayed.
The data stack will be displayed following this message.
The address of a data stack element should never be zero.
If the address of a data stack element is zero, then the data stack element is not valid.
Information contained in a data stack element is not valid, indicating that the address of the data stack element may not be valid.
Contact your system programmer for assistance.
A control block was not successfully accessed in the dump.
The system could not access a control block in the dump.
The system detected hot I/O on a device.
Message BLS18058I or IRA10201I indicates the error.
Confirm that the address space is on the expected queue.
Confirm that this description matches the expected state of the address space.
The message indicates the progress of the swap out.
The system found that it could not resolve a forward pointer.
The system requested storage to format resources, but the request failed.
The system has no global resources allocated.
During processing, the system detected damage to a control block.
Ask for a different trace to be processed.
If an installation exit specified them, check their spelling.
A trace entry contains a format ID which could not be found in the format table.
The time range requested by the user is outside the range of times in the trace entries.
A format table for the requested trace is either not specified or could not be loaded.
No definition was found for the specified trace.
Specify a different trace to process.
The system stops processing of data-in-virtual data for the address space and will not process any further local data-in-virtual data.
That trace table is no longer available, so any subsequent data-in-virtual trace table entries were put in a new table.
If the incorrect length field is the first word of the hex dump, the message displays up to 1024 bytes of the trace table preceding the first word.
The member state for the current member did not match the status of the group exit.
The member state for the current member is not valid.
It must be either zero or a full second multiple.
Preceding message IXC80305I or IXC80306I explains the error.
The system found permanent error processing either active or inactive for the data set.
The system entered a wait state.
The problem is explained in the text.
See the system programmer response for the wait state code.
The message contains a hexadecimal dump of the specified data area.
They are listed alphabetically below.
System programmers and IBM system support personnel may also find this book useful.
The CMS programming interface is a way for you to get CMS to do work for you.
It is made up of:
You can use them in System/370 mode only.
They should not be used by programs other than CMS.
This format is language dependent.
This return code variable must be the second parameter in the list, and it must be a signed integer variable with a length of 4.
A length may also be associated with a parameter if it is a character string that can vary in length.
Character strings can be specified in lowercase, mixed case, or uppercase.
For signed integer parameters, the length is always 4.
Therefore, a length parameter, which is an integer field, must follow where indicated.
You must specify all preceding optional parameters.
This is a character string that contains up to 8 characters for file name followed by up to 8 characters for file type.
There must be at least one blank between the file name and the file type.
This character string may be in mixed case.
This is a character string defined as follows:
Specifying only a period (.)
The file pool name can be up to 8 characters long.
The first character must be alphabetic, but the remaining characters can be alphabetic or numeric.
The user ID can be up to 8 characters long.
Lower case is converted to uppercase.
If specified by itself, it means the user's top directory in the default file pool.
Subdirectory names can be up to 16 characters long.
The first character must be alphabetic, but the remainder can be alphabetic or numeric.
It is an 8-byte character variable used to identify an instance of an open file or directory.
This is a signed integer variable with a length of 4.
It is a 4-byte integer field.
This is a character variable with a length of 6.
If it is specified, it must be followed by a length field.
See the associated reason code.
Depending on the program function and the error condition, file pool object can refer to any of the above objects.
Errors can cause return code 8 or 12.
Refer to topic 2.2 for examples of call formats.
Is open (for read or write)
Up to 10 input character strings are allowed on a call.
(See Usage Note 3.)
If the buffer is too long, the unused part of the buffer is unchanged.
These variables are then available to the application program.
(This return code is issued from EXEC2 only.)
When all the variables have been retrieved, a return code of 206 is set.
The date attribute is the date that the file was last modified.
The time attribute is the time at which the file was last modified.
This request was ignored Note:
The value of length5 must not be greater than 80.
If user1 needs to share user2's file, user2 can grant user1 read or write authority on the file.
System error.
Any number of users can access a file control directory in read/write status.
These users can write to different files within the directory at the same time.
Any number of users can access file control directories in read-only status.
In particular, when a user has a directory control directory accessed in read/write mode, no other user can write to the directory.
This requires that you do not have the containing directory accessed read-only and that no other user has it accessed read/write.
Only one user can have the update lock at a time.
Your system administrator can tell you if the batch facility you are using is set up that way.
If it is, the batch machine runs your job under your user ID.
Error means the request failed.
Errors cause return code 8.
If you have the directory accessed, it will be released.
When the attribute is changed, any user who has the directory accessed will have it released automatically with no message issued.
A directory can be erased only by the directory owner or the administrator.
You can also erase files in a directory that is open.
This means that the result is the same as for recoverable files.
For REPLACE, this field is passed in by the user and contains the data type of the data being replaced.
For REPLACE, this field will be passed in by the user with the length, in bytes, of the replacement data.
Characters 4 through 8 are unused but must contain 0 or 1.
The keyword must be either AND or OR.
The actual data is received in the buffer parameter.
Buffer will contain the character data.
Buffer will contain the replacement character data.
An example of this is the size of your virtual storage, which is a single value.
Make sure that your actual buffer is at least this long.
The value passed in the first character of buffer was not a character 0 or 1.
Only one of these characters can be set to 1 at a time.
This is an invalid combination.
Check the explanation of each parameter to determine what the correct data type should be.
Check the explanation of each parameter to determine what the correct length should be.
When the directory is accessed, this variable indicates whether the directory is accessed in read/write status.
Or, if the directory is accessed, it is accessed in read-only status.
It is a character variable between 0 and 6.
If not specified and the file is found, the return code is 0.
F indicates that all the records in the file have the same length.
V indicates that the records in the file may have different lengths.
It is a character value between '0' and '6'
If an entire group cannot fit in the buffer, it does not return that group or any of the remaining fields of the record.
This is a character value between 0 and 6.
When REPLACE is specified, the attributes of the source file (for example, record format and logical record length) and the authorities of the target file are kept.
(This parameter is ignored for existing target files.)
Yes means the user can copy a file under the specified lock and No means he cannot.
Immediately after Open Directory, Get Directory starts with the directory that was opened.
Then, if there are subdirectories to that directory, their entries are retrieved, and so on down the directory structure.
D indicates that this is a directory.
Multiple calls to Get Directory - File may be used.
Immediately after Open Directory, Get Directory starts with the first directory entry.
Authority for the subdirectory is not provided by this function.
D indicates that this is a directory record.
A file-not-found error condition can occur even though the Open Directory indicated that the file does exist.
For performance, a question mark.
Multiple calls to Get Directory may be used.
The number of records must be greater than zero.
(It does not return partial records.)
The buffer formats for the various types of directory records are as follows:
When status=3, this field will always be blank because the base file no longer exists.
Immediately after an Open Directory, Get Directory starts with the first directory entry.
This is the maximum amount of data that can be received.
The input value on a first call must be zero in order to start at the first error block for this work unit.
Your application must not change this value on subsequent calls.
Your application can use this field to identify the resource type for the resource that had an error.
Your application should set the following length2 field to 8 so that a maximum size exit name will fit in the output field.
READ authority on a file lets the user read the contents of a file.
READ authority on a directory lets the user read the directory contents, which consists of the names of all files and subdirectories.
It means a user can read, modify, or erase a file.
It does not give authorization to read or write any of the files in that directory.
Multiple user IDs may be specified, separated by blanks.
Because the users are not at the current release level, however, they cannot determine that they have these authorities.
Length Description 0-8 the SNA network ID 0-1 a delimiter (a period) 1-8 the LU name If both the network ID and the LU name are present, they are separated by a period.
Only files with this file mode number will be passed on a later Get Directory.
This read-only status has no effect on file control directories, but does affect the use of directory control directories (see the Usage Notes)
This read/write status has no effect on file control directories, but does affect the directory control directories (see the Usage Notes)
For best performance, use FILE unless you need the extended attributes.
You must have authority on the file name specified.
If special characters (* or\%{}) are specified, you must also have authority on the directory.
The last three fields will be blank if you are not authorized for the directory.
This means that while a directory is open, changes to information in the directory may or may not be reflected in subsequent Get Directory requests.
When a directory is open, 16KB of data is sent to the user's virtual machine for use by Get Directory.
If changes are made while the directory is open, (for example, a file is erased) those changes are not reflected in the data in the user machine.
In this case, changes are immediately reflected and subsequent Get Directory requests reflect those changes.
If you own the directory, for example, CMS will try to establish a read/write status for you.
It has no files or subdirectories Note:
The default, if not specified, is 1.
The file is created and can now be written to and read from.
If the file does not exist, a new file is created.
All changed and added records will be written.
If the file does not exist, a new file will be created.
Specifying this parameter causes the file system to cache multiple data blocks for the file, performing I/O only when the cache buffer is full.
If not specified, the default is fixed (F)
It is the date the file was last read or modified.
If a file is opened for REPLACE, a read before a write gives an end-of-file return code.
If you choose the READ option and a file or directory is locked, the open is allowed.
However, if they are specified and they do not match those already in the file, a warning is generated.
Some error data was lost Note:
The top default work unit ID in the stack is removed, and the previous default becomes the active default.
If in CMS mode, this is work unit ID 1.
This must be a single character digit from '0' through '6'
This work unit ID will be used whenever a work unit ID is not specified.
The length of buffer must be 153 bytes.
File system administrator authority is required to specify another user's user ID.
File pool administrator authority is required to specify this parameter for another user's user ID.
For a file containing variable-length records, this must be a 1.
For a file with variable-length records, this parameter specifies the length of the record to be read.
For a file with fixed-length records, this parameter must be equal to the product of the records parameter and the logical record length.
Variable-length records can be up to 65,535 bytes long are supported by CMS.
They are only read one at a time.
When reading variable-length records, a record that is longer than the buffer length is truncated.
File is not open Note:
All subdirectories and files will be moved.
This parameter can only be specified for a file control directory or a file within a file control directory.
For files within file control directories:
When you specify an authority option, only the indicated authority is changed.
If no name is provided, records are formatted in the standard hexadecimal dump format.
The file or directory specified does not have to exist in the file pool.
CMS does check to ensure that the name is valid (contains only valid characters, for example)
For a file containing variable-length records this must be a 1.
For a new file, writing begins with record 1 unless specified otherwise with the position parameter.
Variable-length records can be up to 65,535 bytes long.
All data has been updated in place.
As many as would fit in the user-supplied area on a previous call were filled in.
Any display of this value should be hexadecimal.
The column descriptions are as follows:
The following list is provided for reference:
This set contains multiple-occurrence data.
The information names in this set are associated with single-occurrence data.
These information names are associated with multiple-occurrence data.
This set contains information about open files.
The list below shows the call formats for the languages that support Resource Recovery on VM.
This return code variable must be a 32-bit integer.
However, the state of one or more of the recoverable resources is not known.
Access modes let the user read and write data to a file, or only read data from a file.
An IBM licensed program that controls communications and flow of data in an SNA network.
Advanced Program-to-Program Communications (APPC)
Advanced Program-to-Program Communications/VM (APPC/VM)
A pointer to a base file.
You can have read authority or write authority (which includes read authority)
The first occurrence of a file.
The storage group in a file pool that contains information about the objects (such as files and directories) and authorizations that exist in the file pool.
A way to create files in the CMS system.
A directory on each CMS disk that contains the name, format, size, and location of each of the CMS files on that disk.
Each virtual machine is the functional equivalent of an IBM System/370.
A single access authority applies to the directory and all the files in the directory.
When you access the directory in read/write mode, changes become available as they are made.
Disk Operating System/Virtual Storage Extended.
When you access a file control directory, changes to the directory become available as they are made.
Contrast with directory control directory.
A CMS file identifier that consists of a file name, file type, and file mode.
A two-character CMS file identifier field containing the file mode letter (A through Z) followed by the file mode number (0 through 6)
The file mode number indicates the access mode of the file.
It contains user files and directories and associated control information.
The part of a file pool that contains information about the objects stored in the file pool and the authorizations granted on those objects.
The name of a file pool.
A virtual machine that is properly configured to manage a file pool.
A name that identifies each LU in an SNA network.
It consists of a network ID followed by a network LU name.
A Shared File System file pool is an example of a global resource.
To start a command, procedure, or program.
Logical unit of work identifier.
LU type 6.2.
Multiple Virtual Storage (MVS)
An alternative name for OS/VS2.
The first argument must be the name of the command or function to be called.
In a file pool, all valid users of the system.
The CMS Editor creates a file according to these attributes.
Ending communication with another virtual machine or with the user's own virtual machine.
Any directory below a user's top directory.
Systems Network Architecture (SNA)
The directory created for a user when the user is enrolled in a file pool.
On the 370 Feature of VM, a virtual machine operates in System/370 mode.
Each virtual machine is controlled by an operating system.
An IBM licensed program that controls communication and the flow of data in a computer network.
It provides single-domain, multiple-domain, and multiple-network capability.
Multiple work units may be active.
See System/370 mode.
Send it to the following address:
Be sure to print your name and address below if you would like a reply.
SNA Message Flow 1.2 2.
SNA Restart 2.1 5.
SNA I/O Handling 2.2 6.
AX25 Support 2.6 12.
These indicators describe the type of data contained in the message.
For example, in Figure 2 data is sent from an application in Host D to LU11 in Domain 1.
SNA table restart - occurs during cycle-up to 1052 state.
Table load errors may cause processing to be stopped.
One is selected and if there is not an I/O operation in progress a Start I/O is issued.
When the output message is received it is placed on the output queue.
Network service commands are further defined as configuration services, session services, or maintenance services.
The trace facility records SNA messages in a 4095-byte area located within CS06(CCSNA1)
No process flow description is provided because this is a user exit.
A function code, included with the data to be converted, identifies the requested address format(s)
When message recovery is included in the system, logical units can still be defined as non-recoverable.
If a message is not supplied, a default message is sent to the terminal.
If necessary, sets the direction indicator to unlock the keyboard.
This program formats all system messages sent to SNA logical units.
The output message writer does not process application response messages.
It is divided into two paths:
This process consists of three parts:
The next buffer on the input list must be an FMH7 buffer.
An area reserved for the SNA parameter list.
An area for all other SNA system-wide configuration and status information.
Send output messages, and 3.
The list must contain at least one parameter, but not more than four.
Beyond four the parameters are ignored.
Return codes are listed below:
The argument was converted and the result was placed at the user specified address and/or the entire record was placed at the user specified logical record address.
It is the address of the field in which the result is placed.
When entering CNVNN1 this field must be at least three-bytes in length.
When entering CNVRR0 or CNVRR1 this field must be eight characters long.
P4 - Return Code:
This parameter is optional and if used will contain a pointer to the return code.
The field must be at least 4 bytes long.
If not included results are not specified.
Two additional entries are included for system use.
The system recovery table is the key component in the SNA message recovery system.
Refer to the following pages.
These messages are described in detail in Operations Guide.
If yes, what product?
Master Index" contains a guide to using the master index, as well as the master index itself.
The publications are shown in Figure 1.
This book also provides information on how to manage your system.
In step-by-step format it describes the procedures and commands used to perform each virtual machine task.
The book contains such information as:
The commands are in alphabetical order.
CMS Application Program Development Reference, SC23-0402 Describes the CMS programming interface.
Automatic software re-IPL.
The entry defines the characteristics of the user's initial virtual machine configuration.
It is accessed by its own name.
The storage that appears virtual to the operating system running in a virtual machine.
The storage that appears virtual to the control program.
A virtual machine that runs in the V=R area.
A virtual machine that provides system services.
Contrast with system data file.
A collection of data associated with a particular function.
Contrast with system hold status.
Contrast with System/370 mode.
You can find most topics under several different headings.
Therefore, not all master index entries appear the same way they appear in an individual book index.
Specific changes are indicated by a vertical bar to the left of the change.
Operating Environment of CPI Communications Program 2.3 3.
Character Sets 01134 and 00640 A.2 7.
This book contains no programming interfaces for customer use.
This chapter describes the major terms and concepts used in CPI Communications.
Figure 1 illustrates the logical view of an example SNA network.
The network shown in Figure 1 is a simple one.
For example, if Program A is being discussed, Program A is the local program and Program C is the remote program.
Some restrictions may apply in this situation, since CPI Communications does not support all LU 6.2 functions.
In Figure 2, two lines are connected to the bottom of the Program A block.
The new line on the left shows Program A's communication with the communications element itself.
The different types of CPI Communications calls that a program may make are discussed later in this chapter in "Program Calls."
CPI Communications provides a way to use system-defined values for these required fields; these system-defined values are called side information.
(Refer to specific product information for details.)
CPI Communications programs communicate with each other by making program calls.
It indicates whether a call completed successfully or if some error was detected that caused the call to fail.
CPI Communications uses additional output parameters on some calls to pass status information to the program.
Table 2 lists the two groups of CPI Communications calls.
In the previous example, the programs used the initial set of program characteristics provided by CPI Communications as defaults.
In all cases, the value used for the three remains the same.
This information is provided in Table 7 in topic A.3.2.
While in this wait state, the program is unable to perform other processing.
(Program C completes. normally)
The steps shown in Figure 5 are:
(Further processing by both programs)
The other calls are discussed in the following examples.
The steps shown in Figure 10 are:
The steps in Figure 11 are described below: (further processing by both programs) Figure 11.
For each call, this chapter provides the function of the call and any optional setup calls, which can be issued before the call being described.
The actual syntax used to program the calls in this chapter depends on the programming language used.
Usage Notes Additional information that applies to the call.
Related Information Where to find additional information related to the call.
An example of that format is provided below:
Programming language considerations that apply only to a certain environment are not listed in this section, but they are included in the appendix that describes that environment.
Each argument in the parameter list must be called (listed) by name.
Each variable in the parameter list must be level 01.
"Call Syntax" in topic 4.1 shows the syntax for the programming language being used.
The program can use this call for various application-level functions.
The local program (which issued the Receive call) can now send data.
Only a portion of the logical record is available because it has been truncated.
The data consists of logical records.
The length of the data field can range from 0 to 32765 bytes.
Therefore, logical record length values of X'0000', X'0001', X'8000', and X'8001' are not valid.
If the data field length is zero, the complete logical record contains only the 2-byte length field.
Further action is defined by program logic.
No state change occurs when the call is issued in Send state.
The record has been truncated.
This indicates that an error at the remote program occurred in the data before the remote program received send control.
The length can be from zero to eight bytes.
CPI Communications makes use of two variable types, integer and character string.
Table 7 in topic A.3.2 defines the type and length of variables used in this document.
Variable types are described below.
No further restrictions beyond those described above are intended.
The character-string length represents the number of characters a character string can contain.
For some character strings, the minimum specification length is zero.
All products can send or receive the maximum specification length for the character string.
Space characters, if present, are not part of the character string.
The period is not part of the network ID or the network LU name.
These include all g characters allowed as an OS/2 file name.
Some of the return codes indicate the results of the local processing of a call.
CPI Communications does not support these parameters.
The source of the error is considered to be inside the program definition (under the control of the local program)
This return code may be caused by the failure of the program to pass a valid parameter address.
The CPI Communications state table shows when and where different CPI Communications calls can be issued.
As described in "Program Flow --
The following symbols are used in the state table to indicate the condition that results when a call is issued from a certain state:
(LU 6.2 is also known as Advanced Program-to-Program Communications or APPC.)
Although much of the LU 6.2 function has been included in CPI Communications, some of the function has not.
These features are differences in syntax.
CPI Communications does not support the following functions that are available with the LU 6.2 interface:
Not listed above are the LU 6.2 security parameters.
This indicates that the error at the remote program occurred in the data, before (in LU 6.2 terms) the change-direction indicator was received.
This indicates that the error at the remote program occurred in the send processing after the change-direction indicator was received.
Programs written using CPI Communications can communicate with APPC programs.
APPC programs with names containing characters no longer allowed may require a name change.
D This parameter has been set to a default value by the CPI Communications call.
Default values can be found in the individual call descriptions.
S This parameter can be set using the CPI Communications call.
It must therefore be specified.
If the entry does exist, all of its parameters are replaced.
The format of the structure is shown in Table 19.
The null string (all space characters) is a valid mode name.
The key within the variable may be from 1 to 8 characters long.
This is a required parameter.
The device is determined by the system.
The local location name is determined by the system.
Specify the name of the local location.
The mode specified in the system network attributes is used.
Specify the mode name for the remote location.
The remote network ID for the remote location is used.
The remote network has no name.
Specify a remote network ID.
A device with a status of active is selected (if available)
These are explained in this and the following sections.
RPG is not supported in this environment.
If this fails, contact the system administrator.
Follow the same steps as for return code -07.
Follow the same step as for return code -10.
Specific notes for each of these languages are listed in the individual sections that follow.
Follow this example to prepare the program:
The resource name is passed to the application as a parameter.
This return code variable must be a signed, 4-byte binary integer.
Length Description 0-8 the network ID 0-1 a delimiter (a period) 1-8 LU name If both the network ID and the LU name are present, they are separated by a period.
Allow 17 bytes for this variable: 0 to 8 bytes for a network ID, 1 to 8 bytes for the LU name, and 1 byte for a delimiter if both a network ID and LU name are specified (this is a period)
This variable must be an 8-byte character string.
Allow 64 bytes for this variable.
This must be a 4-byte binary integer value from 0 to 8.
The access security information, if present, consists of either a user ID or a user ID and password.
This variable must be a 4-byte signed integer with a value from 0 to 8.
It must be a character string variable 8 bytes in length.
It must be a 4-byte signed binary integer.
This information will not be available after it has been presented to the program.
This information is placed in the console input buffer.
It will not be available after it has been presented to the program.
On console input events, the contents of the console input buffer are stored here.
This must be a character string variable with a length of 130 bytes.
If more than 130 bytes were supplied, the data is truncated and the application will get only the first 130 bytes.
Unable to get storage - A storage failure prevented the resource manager program from being identified.
The application will no longer receive requests for this resource.
The actions taken for this event are application-specific.
A program should set the appropriate variables equal to the appropriate values, and then use those variables as parameters on CPI Communications calls.
See the appropriate product appendix for the names and locations of these files in a particular operating environment.
This working storage definition defines the variables to be used with the communications CPI calls.
Part of the CPI Communications side information.
This manual does not address CMS application conversion in detail.
You can also get help from your IBM representative.
System/370 I/O Structure.
Example of a System/370 I/O Configuration.
Differences Installing the Printer Image Library.
For instance, I/O set up for device number 342 would be as shown in Figure 1.
You may want to consider the following:
Figure 4 is an example of a System/370 I/O configuration.
For example, look at the storage layout in Figure 7.
Are additional resources needed?
This should reflect what is already installed plus any hardware you plan to install or remove during the conversion time period.
This should include any changes you have made to code provided by IBM.
The service machine will then record the number of times an application is called.
See Chapter 7, "Application End Use" in topic 1.7 for a list of these commands.
Create a detailed conversion plan.
A beginning and an end date for each work item.
Create a back-off plan.
This is the case with the user directory.
Maintain the data on one system only and give two user IDs to users who need to access the data.
This is shown in Figure 11.
If you do this, you will have to manually update the directories to ensure that changes made to one directory are reflected in the other.
Then, if you need to back off, you can easily do so.
If you are using two source directories, you must remember to reflect changes made in one directory to the other directory.
If the stand-alone dump utility is on tape, you should know where the tape is.
Now assume that you have 110000 spool file records in your system.
This will log on the primary system operator.
Back up the CMS named saved systems on tape.
A summary of differences follows.
In addition, there are many new or changed files.
There is a new recommended procedure for how to apply service.
This file contains the following:
Control information, such as the name of the main and auxiliary control files to be used and the verification functions to be performed while service is applied.
The apply list is a list of the program temporary fixes (PTFs) that are to be applied to the component.
The result tells you how many pages the program needs (in hexadecimal)
In the example shown, 2128 is X'850'
The ending page is X'8DF' (X'850' plus X'8F' pages)
If present, all the 64K segments listed are to be shared by users.
This will be discussed below.
This is what you indicate on the TYPE parameter.
In the example, notice that the CHANGE command has a TYPE=S version and a TYPE=G version.
As a result, there is no TYPE attribute.
However, it operates differently.
You then enter your password on the next panel.
Messages and return codes.
The message number exists in both systems and has the same message text.
The following helps you plan for future use of the system monitor.
This means the storage for the V=R machine is allocated from the lowest storage address up.
V=F machine storage is allocated from the highest available storage address in the V=R area down.
A is the action indicator.
See Chapter 17, "Application End Use" in topic 2.7 for a list of these commands.
Create a back off plan.
There are a few ways you can do this.
Note that at this point there should be no end users who will log on the system.
You may need to have application programmers log on to the system to test these applications.
You can begin with a representative sample of applications.
Figure 18 is a diagram showing the example.
As a result, a virtual machine user who is connected to the first system can log on to the second system.
The user finds a terminal with a local VM logo.
For instance, the 1403 printer has the default image library IMAG1403 and the 4248 has IMAG4248.
The command displays system-wide information in its own block.
The operator now has the same command set to operate all spooling printers.
For example, the 1403 has a default image library called IMAG1403.
For example, the response you get when the logical connection is made is:
When MVS was loaded (IPL), the resulting virtual machine reset also reset the terminal console mode to the value in the directory (3270)
Define 3262, 4245, and 4248 devices.
Programs that operate on SPOOL files owned by another user must now refer to SPOOL files by user ID and spool ID.
The actual contents of the message are not checked.
It also assumes the text begins at the location following the first blank.
The following trace table entries have changed.
Select a volume to be used for your Release 2 object directory.
IPL your Release 2 System.
Restore the Release 1 object directory volume.
The particular situation determines which text is used.
The keyword files that are provided are:
You probably should not attempt to use the program at all.
The letters you specify follow with their definitions.
You can use any combination of user group letters.
Then, look at the file to determine whether the code or usage needs to be changed.
Record 5 is significant.
Record 7 may be significant.
You must determine whether or not the functional differences will affect the program.
Record 9(a) is not significant.
Or, you can use a file that you have created.
This means that you will not be shown the line number of every line that is being changed.
You will still be shown the total number of lines that were changed.
It is equivalent to the HELP option.
The new statement appears in the line below.
The area that you must change is marked by.
It also provides advanced information about using PC Support.
This manual assumes that you have completed the installation procedure in the PC Support Planning and Installation Guide for DOS.
DOS User's Guide, SC21-8199.
Before using PC Support, you must be enrolled in the system distribution directory.
For more information about directories and personal computer memory requirements, refer to the PC Support:
DOS Planning and Installation Guide, SC21-8195.
The first part of each chapter explains how to configure the function, and the last part explains any advanced concepts you may need to know about the function.
It also describes the more advanced concepts associated with the shared folders function.
It also describes some special considerations you should make when using a virtual printer.
Chapter 5 explains how to configure your work station function sessions using the work station function configuration program.
Chapter 6 explains how to configure the organizer function.
It also describes how to use command line parameters to temporarily change the way the organizer operates.
Chapter 7 describes the more advanced concepts of data transfer.
It also describes how to use command line parameters to temporarily change the way the message function operates.
Chapter 10 explains how to configure the remove PC Support function, the submit remote command function, and the PC Support update function.
Chapter 11 provides three examples for setting up virtual printers and work station function emulation printers.
Appendix C provides a summary of PC Support commands.
Appendix D explains how to use the PC Support editor to change your PC Support configuration files.
Appendix E provides a summary of all the identifiers, their parameters, and their descriptions to make configuring PC Support easier.
Appendix F provides blank configuration work sheets to help you configure the work station function.
It also provides an example of a completed configuration work sheet for work station function.
When F1 and F2 are shown on a PC Support display, you can display online help information.
Using F1, you can display specific help for an item on the display.
F2 displays general information for the function you are using.
You can also display help by going to the action list, if help is listed as an item on the action list.
To view the information, move the cursor to the highlighted item and press the Enter key.
Single word A definition of the word is displayed, usually with an example of how it applies to PC Support.
Command A syntax diagram is displayed with examples and parameters.
Prompt "An explanation of how the prompt is used in PC Support" is displayed.
Using the Shift key with F6, you can display a list of all the topics you have selected.
You can move the cursor to any topic within the list and press the Enter key to display the topic.
Using F11, you can display the index of all the topics.
You can move the cursor to any topic within the index list and press the Enter key to display the topic.
After pressing the Help key (F1) on any menu, you can press the Help key a second time to see an explanation of how the online information works, including the index search function.
You can press the Help key on any display to see information about the display.
There are two types of help available:
For example, it describes the choices available for a prompt.
If a system message appears at the bottom of the display, position the cursor on the message and press the Help key to see information about the cause of the message and the appropriate action to take.
Extended help explains the purpose of the display.
To exit the online information, press F3 (Exit)
You return to the display where you pressed the Help key.
To use index search, press the Help key, then press F11 (Search index)
When the cursor is in the data entry area, press Help and then F11 (Search index)
Then select the option to use online education.
Then select the option to use the Q\&amp;{} A function.
To see prompts for parameters for a control language command, type the command, then press F4 (Prompt) instead of the Enter key.
To see extended help for the command, type the command and press the Help key.
These IBM publications contain planning information and special requirements you may need to consider before configuring your system.
This manual includes the following information.
These IBM publications contain programming and communications information.
It contains office, directory, and library services information.
Each command description includes a syntax diagram, parameters, default values, keywords, and an example.
The information should be used to refer to the control language commands to request functions of the Operating System/400 (5728-SS1) licensed program and of the various languages and utilities.
Work station function color program, which helps you assign specific colors to your work station function display sessions.
Message function, which allows you to communicate with other users by sending and receiving messages.
Remove PC Support function, which allows you to remove PC Support functions from memory.
For detailed information about using the displays and keyboard, see the PC Support User's Guide for DOS.
When you ran the PC Support installation program, the following batch and configuration files were set up or changed for you.
These batch and configuration files contain the information needed to start and run PC Support.
They provide PC Support with needed information about your personal computer.
You can change the way PC Support runs by using the PC Support configuration program to change the information in these files.
You can also edit the files directly using the PC Support editor.
It is located in your root directory.
It is not a PC Support file.
If so, the installation program automatically added the necessary PC Support information.
If you need to add additional drivers after PC Support is installed, be sure you do not add the device driver statements between any of the PC Support driver statements.
This file contains the commands that DOS runs immediately when you start your personal computer.
It contains the commands to start PC Support and specific PC Support functions.
You can change or add commands to this file to do specific PC Support functions.
For details about the configuration program, refer to Chapter 2, "Configuring PC Support with the Configuration Program."
For details about configuring a specific function, refer to the chapter about that function.
It is created in your PCS directory when you run the PC Support installation program.
This file contains information used by PC Support to determine how to run based on your personal computer configuration.
You can use the configuration program to do this.
For more information about using the PC Support configuration program, see Chapter 2, "Configuring PC Support with the Configuration Program."
For more information about using the PC Support editor to change configuration files, see Appendix D, "Configuring PC Support Using the Editor."
This section provides you with some basic information about operating PC Support.
When you enter a command you should keep in mind the following optional PC parameters:
The drive and path information is necessary only if the command you are entering is not in the default directory or drive, or is in a search path you specified.
/X specifies which display mode to use.
If this value is entered in a command, it overrides the value specified in the display (DSPL) identifier in the configuration file for that command only.
If you want to change the value for all commands, use the PC Support editor to change the DSPL identifier.
For information about the PC Support editor, see Appendix D, "Configuring PC Support Using the Editor."
If the speed parameter is not specified, high speed display writing is used with all graphic adapters except the Color Graphics adapter.
If this value is entered, it overrides the value specified in the DSPL identifier in the configuration file for that command only.
/Z specifies that the IBM logo is not displayed.
End the work station function and message function.
When you have done this, press F3 to exit the PC Support menu.
Then, type the following after the DOS prompt:
STOPRTR Press the Enter key.
You can force all communications to end by entering the STOPRTR command with the/F parameter.
Enter the following command from the DOS prompt:
This information can be folders, documents, or files.
This means that the user is limited to selecting only the options shown on the assigned menu and any related displays.
The user cannot enter commands and procedures to control or start other jobs.
Therefore, it should be changed immediately to Level 30 security.
Level 20 indicates password security where a password and user ID are necessary, but all users have ALLOBJ authority.
A password is required to sign on the system.
Security level 40 is recommended after your system has run at security level 30 or below.
The level of security is controlled by the system value QSECURITY, which can be changed only by users with security officer authority.
Some software installation and maintenance procedures may automatically reduce the security level to 10.
If an incorrect entry was made for either the user identification or password, the router requests the information again.
This continues until a correct entry is made or until you choose to exit.
If you exit, you do not have a connection to that system.
Enter a user identification and password when requested for it by the router.
Any active sessions remain active.
The new user identification and password are only used for new sessions.
You can operate PC Support using the default values supplied by the product.
This chapter provides you with the basic information you need to use the configuration program.
To make changes in the way the work station function operates, you should use the work station function configuration program.
You do not have to edit the files yourself.
The batch file should run normally the next time it is processed.
Select option 1 (PC Support Configuration) from the displayed window.
When you enter the command, the IBM logo is shown.
Working set At the top of the menu, is a list of the configuration and command (or batch) files that are updated when you make changes using the configuration program.
The list of files is referred to as your working set.
Before selecting any functions to configure, make sure the working set indicates the correct drive, directory, and file names.
Functions In the center of the menu is a list of the functions you can select to change with the configuration program.
Function keys At the bottom of the menu is a group of function keys.
The working set displayed by the PC Support configuration program is the list of items which define your PC Support configuration.
The working set consists of the drive, the PCS directory, and file names that the program uses to display or change your configuration.
By changing the drive and the file names, you change the way PC Support operates.
The configuration file specified in your working set determines how the PC Support functions operate.
The configuration program displays the current values in the configuration file when you select a function to configure.
The command file specified in your working set is the batch file used to start PC Support.
It contains the commands that start each of the selected PC Support functions.
The PC Support subdirectory is the subdirectory containing your PC Support files.
Though you cannot change the subdirectory, you can change the drive on which the PCS subdirectory is stored.
The default drive for the PCS subdirectory is drive C.
You can set up different methods of operation by specifying alternative configuration and command files.
If you want to use alternative files, you must specify them before you select a function to work with.
Press F7 (Change working set)
Type the drive, path, and file name to specify a new configuration file or command file.
Type the drive to specify where the PCS subdirectory is stored.
Now, go on to select and configure a function.
Save your changes as you exit to update the configuration files.
F7 (Change working set) Use this key to change your working set of configuration and command files.
When you press F7, the Working Set window is shown.
You can change your working set by typing the name of a new configuration file, a new command file, or a new drive on which the PCS subdirectory is stored.
F9 (Additional options) Use this key to start the PC Support editor.
The PC Support editor helps you work directly with the identifier entries in a configuration file.
The editor displays the entries in a specified file and provides prompts for adding, changing, or deleting the entries in the file.
By changing the entries, you can change the way PC Support operates.
To start the editor, press F9 and select the PC Support editor option from the Additional Options window.
Select option 1 (Exit configuration)
The environment you have defined is created on your personal computer the next time you use the PC Support function.
You may need to start your personal computer again for your changes to take effect.
When you use the shared folders function, you assign one of eight drive letters supplied by the shared folders function to the folder or system of folders you want to use.
Therefore, you can use many of the DOS commands to work with the folders.
The program can use the data in the memory cache again and again.
It is possible for two files to use the memory cache at the same time.
In other words, when you increase the size of your memory cache, you reduce the memory available for other operations.
You may want to use one of the following methods to determine the appropriate size of your memory cache.
Start with a memory cache of approximately 13K.
From there, vary the size of the cache depending on how your PC applications fit into the remaining memory.
Determine the average size of your read and write operations.
Once you have determined the size, you can use the PC Support configuration program to change it.
You can use any of the shared folders function types if you meet the requirements for the type.
It is not necessary for you to add these entries.
The following list should help you determine the type you are currently using.
Use the PC Support configuration program to change the type of shared folders function you are using.
The values for nn can vary from 0 to 34.
Type 0 requires less memory than the other types, but may not perform as well.
As a result, its performance is better.
However, it does require more personal computer memory to run than type 0.
It is not necessary for you to add this statement to the file.
The shared folders function type 2 program contains all of the features of the type 1 memory cache.
However, type 2 uses more PC memory than type 1.
It is done automatically for you by the installation program if you install the Release 2.0 or the Release 3.0 PC Support program, or by the configuration program if you change your shared folders function type to type 2.
This also starts an interactive program you can use to assign or release a drive.
The configuration program automatically changes the information in your configuration and batch files so the next time you start PC Support the new shared folders function type is started.
Use the PC Support configuration program to select shared folders function type 0.
Refer to Chapter 2, "Configuring PC Support with the Configuration Program" for information on displaying this menu.
Verify that the files shown for your working set are the files you want changed.
Select the Shared folders function option from the list of functions on the menu.
Press F10 (Actions) and select Work with type from the list of actions.
This is the drive from which you start your personal computer.
Press F3 (Exit)
Select option 1 (Save and Exit) from the window.
Press F3 (Exit) and select option 1 (Exit configuration) from the window shown.
Stop PC Support if it is running, and then start your personal computer again.
You can use the configuration program to select shared folders function types 1 or 2.
The default value is 14.
Select a number from 2 to 32.
Select a number from 3 to 640.
If you want a drive and folder assigned the same way each time you start PC Support, use the configuration program to define the drive.
Then each time you start PC Support, the drive letter is assigned to its corresponding folder or folders.
Press F10 (Actions) and select Change from the list of actions.
Select option 2 (Add drive definition) from the displayed window.
Enter values for the prompts that are displayed in the window.
Select the drive letter you want to assign.
Your personal computer may be attached to more than one system.
You do not need to specify a system name.
If you do not, the default system name is used.
You can assign a PC drive letter as a system drive or as a folder drive.
If you assign it as a system drive, you can use any folder you have authority to on the specified system.
If you assign it as a folder drive, you can use the folder you specified.
To assign the drive letter as a system drive, leave this prompt blank.
To assign it as a folder drive, enter the name of the folder.
Press the Enter key when you have finished.
Select option 1 (Save and Exit)
Press F3 (Exit) and select option 1 (Exit configuration) from the displayed window.
Stop PC Support if it is running and then start your personal computer again.
You can use the configuration program to define a drive so a folder is assigned the same way each time you start PC Support.
You can use the configuration program to change the current drive definition.
These changes include changing the drive assigned, the action performed on the drive, the system name, and the folder name.
If you have only defined one drive using the configuration program, an asterisk (*) is shown in front of option 4 (Move drive definition)
Use the Arrow keys or the Tab key to move to the prompt you want to change.
The following list describes the actions you can select: - Option 1 (Assign) if you want the drive assigned each time you start PC Support.
Option 2 (Release) if you want the drive released.
For example, you could set up your shared folders function configuration so a drive is assigned each time you start PC Support using your default configuration file.
Then you could set up a second configuration using an alternative configuration file that releases the same drive.
You would run the default configuration file to assign the drive and, when you are finished working with the drive, run the alternative configuration file to release the drive.
Press the Enter key when you have completed your changes.
Select option 1 (Save and exit) to save your changes and exit.
You may find it necessary to change the order in which your drives are assigned.
Select option 4 (Move drive definition)
The Move drive definition window is shown.
If you decide you do not want a previously defined drive assigned each time you start PC Support, you can use the configuration program to delete it.
When you delete a drive, you are removing it from your configuration file so it is not assigned the next time you start PC Support.
Press the Enter key to delete the drive.
For example, you could assign drive D to the folder DEPT24.
When you use a folder drive, you must have a separate drive assigned for each folder you want to use.
You do not have to end the application you are running to assign the drive to a different folder.
Your personal computer works with folders like it works with directories.
If you know you need the information stored in a specific folder, you can assign a drive to that folder so that you can easily use the information in it.
There are several ways to assign a folder drive.
If you want the drive assigned each time you start PC Support, use the configuration program to define the drive as a folder drive.
Once you have assigned a folder drive, you can use the folder by entering the drive letter after the DOS prompt.
For example, if you have drive F assigned to folder DEPT254, you would enter the following:
F:\BACKSLASH{}DEPT254 You can use most of the DOS commands to work with the drive and folder.
An alternative to using a folder drive is to use one system drive.
Then you can use drive F like you would use a folder drive.
Using a folder name as the path in the DOS file name.
There are some restrictions when using certain DOS commands like COPY and BACKUP.
Refer to your DOS manual for more information.
A folder, file, or document name can be 1 to 12 characters long, including an optional extension.
If no extension is included, the name has a maximum of 8 characters.
If an extension is included, the extension must start with a period and can have up to 3 additional characters.
See your DOS manual for more information about the DIR command.
When you use this mode, you are the only one who can access the file.
You are the only one who can access the file, but you can only access it once.
You cannot access it a second time from another drive while it is open.
Once you have started the shared folders function, you can * Check the status of a drive * Assign or release a drive * View help information about working with drives You can use the FSPC command to display the status of all assigned shared folders function drives.
To do so, enter the following command at the DOS prompt:
Use the FSPC command to assign or to release one drive.
You can use the commands from a command line or put them in a batch file.
You can use the FSPC command to assign or to release one folder at a time.
You can use the FSPC command from a command line or you can put one or more FSPC command statements in a batch file.
To assign a drive, enter the following command at the DOS prompt:
If you do not specify a drive letter, the next available drive is assigned.
To assign a drive to a folder, enter the following command after the DOS prompt:
If you want to assign a drive to a folder within a folder, enter the following:
FSPC Then follow the prompts on the displays to assign the drive.
If you plan to assign several folders at a time, a batch file makes the process easier.
If you use a batch file, you need one FSPC command statement for each drive you want assigned or released.
An error message is displayed.
You can use the FSPC command to release a drive or to release all of the drives currently assigned.
The FSPC command only allows you to assign or to release a single drive with one command.
You can do this using the configuration program or the PC Support editor.
The entry in the configuration file would look like this:
You can use the FSPC command to view help information that will assist you while working with folders.
To view general help information about working with folders, enter the following after the DOS prompt:
Use this as your cache size.
The subsystem is used only when you are using shared folders function type 2.
It shared its memory pool with several other programs.
If you are using shared folders function type 2, you will use this subsystem.
The subsystem is supplied with its own default values for the size of the memory pool and the activity level of the subsystem.
You can use the default values supplied or you can change them.
The command should be entered as follows:
Then you must enter it again.
You can use the default values or you can change them to meet your own needs.
For more information about subsystems and the CL commands you can use with them, see the DDS Reference.
For each object, you can determine specific authority or public authority.
Specific authority describes the authority for individual users.
Resource security is stored with each object.
You can assign resource security in different ways: - Specify the public and specific authority for a folder.
Then, let the objects within the folder use the same authority.
If you need to add or delete a name from the group, you make the change in the authorization list.
Use a group profile to specify the same kind of authority to a group of users.
When you give specific authority for an object to the name of a group profile, every member of the group has the same authority for the object.
Special authority security, this type of security overrides any specific or public authority given to an object.
Special authority is specified in your user profile.
Working for another user This type of authority allows a user to work with the mail and folders of another user.
When you have authority to work for another user, you have all the authority of that user.
To remove the device driver from memory, use the remove PC Support function.
You cannot remove shared folders function type 0 from memory.
For more information about removing PC Support from memory, refer to PC Support User's Guide for DOS.
Before you can use a host system printer as a virtual printer you need to assign it.
You can define up to three printers to be used from your personal computer.
These printers can all be local personal computer printers, virtual printers, or any combination of the two.
All three printers can be active at the same time.
If you want to use a virtual printer the same way each time you start PC Support, you can use the PC Support configuration program to set up the printer.
When you use the PC Support configuration program, you define how you want the printer to operate.
To use this method, you must first start the PC Support configuration program.
Select the Virtual printer option from the list of functions on the menu.
The Virtual Printer Configuration menu is shown.
Select option 2 (Add printer definition) from the window.
Enter values for the parameters displayed in the Add printer definition window.
Use the Arrow keys or the Tab key to move through the parameters displayed in the window.
Press Enter when you have finished filling in the parameters.
At this point, the configuration has been changed.
The following list describes the parameters in the Add printer definition window.
If you do not specify a system name, the default system name is used.
You must select a printer device or a printer file or both.
If you select a library, you must also select a printer file.
If you select a printer file but do not select a library, the host system searches through your library list to find the printer file.
If you specify a printer device in addition to a printer file, the virtual printer function will change any values supplied by the printer file that are not valid for the printer device you choose.
Press the Tab key to see additional prompts.
You may want to provide values for the other parameters described below.
If you leave fields blank, default values are supplied when the virtual printer is assigned.
The Printer data type prompt tells the virtual printer how to handle the data from your personal computer.
For example, if you selected 6 lines per inch and your page is 11 inches long, your page length is 66 lines.
If you select a number less than your page length, the blank lines will be at the bottom of your printed page.
If your data is already formatted, you should use the same value as the page length value.
If you selected option 3 (final-form text) as your printer data type, you can enter any number from 1 through 99.
A default value of 10 seconds is supplied.
You can use the value supplied or specify one of your own.
If your set of data does not print all in one printout but is split up into smaller ones, the time-out value is too short.
Decrease the number of seconds, or wait longer after sending one set of data to be printed before you send the next.
If you select 0, your output file is not closed by the time-out parameter.
The host system printer starts printing your data as soon as it receives the first character, without waiting for the output file to close.
Choosing option 2 (No) can save your time if you are printing a large amount of data.
However, other users are not able to print their data until your output file is closed and completely printed.
When you have provided values for the parameters, press the Enter key to add the printer definition.
If you have used the configuration program to assign a virtual printer and decide you want to change the way it is set up, you can change it using the configuration program.
Press F10 (Actions) and select Change from the action bar.
Select option 1 (Change printer definition)
Press the Enter key when you have changed the appropriate prompts.
Press F10 (Actions) and select Exit.
Select option 1 (Save and Exit) to save the changes you have made and exit the Virtual Printer Configuration menu.
If you define a virtual printer using the configuration program and decide you no longer want it assigned each time you start PC Support, you can use the configuration program to delete it.
Use the Arrow keys or the Tab key to select the printer you want to delete.
Press the Enter key to select option 1 (Save and Exit)
Press F3 (Exit) and select option 1 (Exit configuration)
You can also change just the virtual printer ASCII-to-EBCDIC translation table.
If you have no virtual printers currently assigned, it can be used to assign one.
It can also be used to change a virtual printer assigned by the automatic virtual printer program.
Virtual printers assigned using the SETVPRT program remain assigned until you release them, PC Support is stopped, or you turn off your personal computer.
If you want the virtual printer assigned each time you start PC Support, use the PC Support configuration program to define the printer.
Refer to "Configuring a Printer with the Configuration Program" in topic 4.2 for information about using the PC Support configuration program.
The interactive virtual printer program, SETVPRT, provides the prompts you need to assign or change any virtual printers.
Use the SETVPRT command.
To use the SETVPRT command, enter the following after the DOS prompt:
The drive is required only if the SETVPRT program is not in the current drive.
The Current Virtual Printers display shows how the printers, if any, are currently assigned.
To use the Assign, Release, Close, or Exit actions of the virtual printer function, you must press F10 (Actions) and select an option from the action list.
The Release action is only displayed if there is a printer to release.
The Close action is only displayed if there are output files to close.
Your Current Virtual Printers display may look similar to the following:
Select the option Assign from the action list.
Enter values or select options for the prompts on the display.
Press the Enter key to assign the virtual printer or to have your changes go into effect.
If any problems are found, an error message is shown.
Press the Esc key to return to the Current Virtual Printers display.
The Current Virtual Printers display shows the values you selected for your virtual printer.
If a virtual printer is currently assigned, the Release option is shown at the top of the Current Virtual Printers display.
There are some virtual printers you cannot select.
The asterisk indicates that, because the virtual printer was never assigned, you cannot release it.
If an open output file exists, the Close option is shown at the top of the Current Virtual Printers display.
The asterisk indicates that there are no output files to close for that virtual printer or the virtual printer is not assigned.
Once you have finished using the interactive virtual printer program, you should end it.
If you want to use the same virtual printer configuration every time you run a particular application, you can have your virtual printers automatically set up using the automatic virtual printer program, CFGVPRT.
If you need to change the configuration of your virtual printer frequently, you should add the alternative configuration file name to the CFGVPRT command.
Specifies the drive where the alternative configuration file is located.
The file name can be from 1 to 8 characters and can include a 3-character extension.
You can use as many PRNT identifiers as you want, however, the maximum number of virtual printers allowed is three.
If you specify an alternative configuration file, CFGVPRT searches only for PRNT identifiers in the alternative configuration file.
To release a virtual printer using the automatic virtual printer program, create a PRNT identifier in a configuration file.
Specify the name of the virtual printer you want to release as the only parameter for the PRNT entry.
When all entries are processed successfully, the error level is 0.
If an error occurs, but you choose to continue the operation, the error level is set to 10 (hexadecimal 0A)
If printer data type 2 is specified for the virtual printer, the virtual printer function assumes that the data to be printed is intended for the IBM Proprinter* or other compatible personal computer printers.
If it is not, a single personal computer application output file will become multiple host system printer spool files.
If you do so, your output files will close properly; otherwise, you must exit the Displaywrite program for your output files to close properly.
No data conversion is done by the virtual printer function.
If you print data that is not already formatted to produce page breaks, specifying a value for lines per page that is less than the value specified for page length.
If you are using Displaywrite 4 you should remove the following command from the DW4BAT command file:
You can use the remove PC Support function to end and remove the resident virtual printer function from memory.
To remove it from memory, enter the following command after the DOS prompt: where d: and path are the drive and directory containing the remove PC Support function.
You can define up to five sessions.
The purpose of a work station function printer session is different from the purpose of the PC Support virtual printer function.
The term active session refers to the session currently on the display.
If the work station function was chosen when PC Support was installed and the programs that run the work station function were not changed, you will have one display session and a 5250 keyboard style defined for you already.
The configuration program helps you tailor the work station function for your own use.
The information about each display, printer, or graphics session is stored in a session profile.
The information about each keyboard type is stored in a keyboard profile.
Session and keyboard profiles are, in turn, stored in master profiles.
The following diagram shows the relationship between these profiles.
Before you can start configuring the work station function, you must decide which options and their values need to be changed.
As you decide which options need to be changed, you can record your choice on the work sheet.
If you create several master profiles, you can change the way your display, keyboard, and printer operate by selecting different master profiles.
Select option 2 (Work station function configuration) from the options in the window.
The following display is shown.
Any work station function display session can be configured for graphics.
For information on memory requirements, refer to the PC Support Planning and Installation Guide for DOS.
To configure a session for graphics, specify that the session type is a display with graphics (see "Setting Up a Session Profile" in topic 5.4 for instructions)
Graphics defaults are provided for use in the graphics session.
However, you may want the graphics session to have different characteristics than those provided.
You can run CFGWSF to tailor the graphics session characteristics further.
Graphics plotter configuration is done with the configuration program, CFGWSF.
It lists the information you must provide about the plotter.
If you plan to use a graphics session, you should read the following sections.
These device drivers must be available for DOS at start time.
After you edit the files, you must start the operating system again before you can use or configure graphics.
If necessary, see the DOS manual for instructions on copying and editing files.
Select Create from the list of actions in the action bar.
Type the name of the master profile you want to create and press the Enter key.
You do not have to create names for the master profiles you want to use.
The work station function configuration program provides names for all profiles.
You can use the names provided or create your own.
When you press the Enter key, the Create Master Profile display is shown.
It provides the name of the master profiles you are working with as well as information about any sessions assigned to the master.
You can select to change your general options or your session information.
General Options are the options that affect all the display and printer sessions you run from one personal computer.
Select General Options from the action bar.
The following list provides the prompt names, their descriptions, and the values you can select for each.
Options Description Display Save Area Use this option to specify the size of the area in personal computer memory you want reserved for work station function.
Graphics Buffer Select option 2 (Graphics Buffer) if you are using graphics and programs that require multiple pages of the display adapter.
The graphics buffer also saves your DOS font.
If you select Yes, but the 8514/A adapter is not attached or the DOS session is using the 8514/A, your selection is ignored.
Select color for a color monitor attached to either connector on the adapter.
Printer Session Online Information. This option allows you to choose whether you want the online help information available for printer session displays.
The online help information is moved into the personal computer memory when you select the Yes parameter.
The online help information uses additional personal computer memory.
For more information on memory requirements, see the PC Support Planning and Installation Guide for DOS.
Select the No option if you require additional personal computer memory for DOS and other applications.
The word Starting blinks as each session is started.
If you select this option, you do not need to press a key to continue (unless an error has occurred starting a session).
If you choose No, it is not.
The default for this option is No.
Consider using this option if you leave the display unattended, but do not want to stop sessions.
This option does not function in personal computer mode.
You can also change the keyboard style you use with this master profile.
(This is different from the keyboard type, which refers to the actual kind of keyboard attached to your personal computer.)
Use the Arrow keys to select the keyboard style you want to use.
The following list describes the options on this menu.
Functions and characters are placed in the same locations as found on the keyboard of a 5250 display station.
Functions and characters are placed on the keyboard where you define them.
When you have selected the keyboard style you want to use, press the Enter key.
If you select any of the options that result in saving a master profile, a window is shown containing the name of a master profile.
Confirm or change the name of the master profile you want saved.
When the Enter key is pressed, another window is shown containing the name of the batch file you want changed to include the new master profile.
Press F4 (Prompt) to display a list of batch files from which you can choose.
This determines which master profile is read and the type of sessions established when work station function is started.
Now that you have created a master profile, you should create a session profile to store in it.
Session profiles control the operation of your display sessions.
Select Create from the action bar.
Press the Enter key if you want to use the name provided in the window.
Type a new name and then press the Enter key if you want to use a different name.
When you press the Enter key the Create Session Profile menu is shown.
This menu contains the name of the session profile you are working with and several prompts.
Select the type of device you want your session to function as.
The following list describes the options you can select.
Our display functions like a 3196 display.
You can display text, but not graphics.
132 column support Your display functions like a 3180 model 2 display.
There are two forms of 132 column support.
The first form shows all 132 columns of text at one time.
The second form shows either the first 80 columns or the last 80 columns of the 132 columns of text.
Your current hardware determines if you can use 132 column support and, if so, which type of support.
You must meet the following requirements to use this support: - Full 132 column support needs an 8514 display, 8514/A adapter, and 75K of PC memory.
You can also use the cursor to display the text not currently shown.
The cursor does not shift the display, but shows either the next character or the next field of text.
Graphics display with plotter.
Your PC printer functions like a 5256 printer * 5224 Printer.
Your PC printer functions like a 5224 printer.
Select the type of system you will be communicating with while using the work station function.
When you have selected the options you want for each prompt on the Create Session Profile menu, press the Enter key.
If you selected option 1, 2, 3, or 4, a display session menu corresponding to the option is shown.
If you selected standard display, 132 column support, graphics display, or graphics display with plotter for your device type, you can change your General session options and Display options from your Display Session menu.
If you selected graphics display or graphics display with plotter as your device type, you can also change your graphics options from your display session menu.
General session options apply to all display sessions and graphics sessions.
Press F+ (Actions) and select General session options from the action bar.
Select option 1 (General session options).
The General Session Options menu is shown.
This menu contains several prompts for changing the features of your display sessions.
The following list describes the options on the menu and the values you can provide for each.
The display station ID changes if you change the number of sessions or the location name of the personal computer.
The display station ID must meet the following requirements:
Then, you can have direct access to all PC Support applications without the need for the sign on display.
This option only appears when you are configuring a display session.
Press the Enter key when you have supplied values for each of the prompts on the General Session Options display.
You can also change your display options.
These apply only to display sessions.
If it uses any other code page when work station function is started, you may notice that some characters may not appear as you expected.
This option allows you to display the column separator character instead of a blank in that position.
Print Screen Character Set This option allows you to specify the number of characters used when you print the display.
If you selected graphics display or graphics display with plotter as your device type on the Create Session Profile menu, you can also change your graphics options.
The options you can work with are preceded by a number.
The following list describes the options and what you can do with them.
Any increase in VDI buffer size over the 20K-byte default is additional memory required by the graphics session.
VDI must be installed before you can use this option.
Changing the writing modes may cause unexpected results.
Press the Enter key when you have completed all of the prompts.
See Chapter 11, "Printing with PC Support:
To change your printer options, complete the following steps on the Printer Session menu associated with the printer device you selected.
If the printer you want to use is not listed and its operating requirements are different from the printer listed, select the Printer function table option.
When you select this option, a new prompt is shown on the display.
You must supply the file name of the printer function table you want to use.
Press F+ (Actions) and select the Printer options option from the action bar.
Select option 1 (Printer hardware characteristics) to change the way your printer operates.
Select the options and enter the values for the prompts you want to change.
The following printer hardware options are available:
Printer Paper Width You can specify a paper width of either 8 or 13.2 inches for the attached printer.
If a line has more than the maximum number of characters, the remaining characters are printed on the next line.
Printer Paper Size This option is used to tell the work station function printer what size of paper will be fed in your printer.
You can select one of + common paper sizes.
The default is letter size (8.5 inches wide by + inches long).
The initial values set by this option could change as soon as printing begins.
The default for this option is to prompt.
If you define a control sequence in the printer function table to change the font and request no prompt with this option, work station function sends a command to change the font instead of prompting you with the change font indicator.
If you are using 5219 printer functions, you may be prompted to change the form-feed device.
The default value for this option is No.
If this value is not supplied, work station function uses 0B, Courier 10.
The initial value set by this option could change as soon as printing starts.
The 5219 font list is different than the 3812 font list.
The appropriate list appears depending on the printer you select.
You can press F4 for a list of the font values that can be specified for this option.
Select option 2 (Serial or parallel options) to change your printer's attachment type or port.
The default port is LPT1.
The virtual printer function can share the printer port with work station function.
This information depends on how your serial attached printer is configured.
For specific information, refer to the operator's guide for the printer.
Note that work station function cannot detect not-ready and end-of-forms conditions for serial attached printers.
If you selected 5256 or 5224 printers as your printer device, the EBCDIC to ASCII Translation Table menu is shown.
Change the text and then exit the menu.
The language and symbol translation tables currently assigned are shown on the menu.
From this menu, you can add, change, or delete a translation table.
Select the option you want to use depending on if you want to add, change, or delete a table.
Select option 5 (Printer options) to change your message queue name or message queue library name.
A message queue exists for each display station and has the same name as the work station ID.
The supplied message queue name is QSYSOPR.
The supplied library name is *LIBL.
If you select the option Network, the printer session is stored by the host system when the work station function is ended.
The virtual devices are owned by the user who signed on to the router.
This means only the owner of the output queue can use it.
When you have provided the information necessary for the prompts on the appropriate displays, you need to save your session profile.
Select option 3 (Save session profile and exit work station function configuration) to save the changes you have made and exit the work station function configuration program.
Keyboard profiles allow you to change the function of the keys on the keyboard.
When work station function is loaded, the keyboard profile is read, and the functions and characters that it contains are assigned to the corresponding keys on the keyboard.
This section explains how to create a keyboard profile or to modify an existing file.
Keyboard profiles affect the use of the keyboard only in work station sessions, not in personal computer mode.
Move keyboard functions to other locations.
Add any EBCDIC character to your keyboard layout.
Add functions to your keyboard layout that are not in the default keyboard layout.
You can also modify the keyboard profiles you have created.
You can create and change keyboard profiles at any time.
You can send your keyboard layout to a printer so you always know your keyboard arrangement.
You need to know the name of the master profile that you use to run work station function.
You must put the keyboard profile name into the master profile if you want to use it.
Press F4 (Prompt) for a list of the master profile names you can use.
If you are changing a keyboard profile, you need to know the name of the keyboard profile before you run the work station function configuration program.
The keyboard states are as follows:
You can create a keyboard profile or use the default keyboard profile provided by work station function.
Press F10 (Actions) and select the Create option from the action bar.
Select option 2 (Create keyboard profile).
Use the name provided or enter one of your own.
You can press F4 (Prompt) for a list of choices.
When you press the Enter key, the Create Keyboard Profile menu is shown.
After you indicate that you want to create a new keyboard profile, you are prompted to select a keyboard type.
Keyboard type is the physical type of keyboard that the personal computer has.
A keyboard diagram based on your selections appears.
The Define Keyboard display allows you to display and change the function of each key in any of the keyboard states.
The Define Keyboard display shows a diagram of the keyboard.
A symbol of each key is shown in the location where it would be found on an actual keyboard.
Select the key that you want to define.
Press F4 (Prompt) to display the function list.
Save the keyboard profile after you define all the keys you want to change.
The following sections provide detailed instructions for each step.
Selecting the Key You Want to Define:
This method works whether or not the keyboard you are using matches the keyboard you are defining.
However, some keys may not be highlighted in the same physical location as the keys you are using.
It is accessed by pressing the function key and the desired key at the same time.
The selected key is highlighted on the keyboard diagram and entry fields with the current definition for the four states appear at the bottom of the display.
The cursor is in the field for the base state of the key.
The state of some keys cannot be changed.
If you try to move the cursor into one of these fields, you will hear a beep.
You can define the Alt, Ctrl, and Scroll Lock keys only in the base and shift states.
After you select a key, you enter the new function.
If you need to see a list of valid functions, press F4 (Prompt).
The functions window lists the names of all of the functions you can assign.
For example, all the cursor movement functions are displayed in a group called Cursor Functions.
To move to the next group of functions, press and hold the Ctrl key and then press the Page Up key or the Page Down key.
To move to the next display, press the Page Up or Page Down key.
To move to the next function within a group, use the Arrow keys.
To display the definition of a function, move the cursor to the function and press F1.
Move the cursor to the function you want to use and press the Enter key.
The function is written in the input field.
(If you do not want to select a function, press the Esc key.
The cursor returns to the input field.)
Move the cursor to the input field and enter the following:
Repeat these steps for all keys you want to have single functions.
Type the names of the functions and character strings you want to use.
If it is a special character not found on the keyboard, you may also press and hold the Alt key, and type the ASCII code for the desired character using the numeric pad keys.
The character must still be enclosed in matching quotation marks.
If you use a quotation mark within a character string, use the other style quotation mark to begin and end the string.
A new display appears that allows you to enter more characters.
Start 3270 emulation 2.
Send commands to sign on the system 4.
Send your user identification 5.
Select a key from the Define Keyboard display.
A default time value of 1 second is supplied.
You can use the default or change it.
Select the Keyboard Options option from the action bar.
The Keyboard Options window is shown.
Press F10 and select Exit from the action list at the top of the Define Keyboard display.
Select the option to Save keyboard profile and add to a master.
(If you select the option Return without saving keyboard profile, the changes are not saved.)
Press the Enter key to save the keyboard profile.
Or, type another keyboard profile name and then press the Enter key.
Press the Enter key to add the keyboard profile to the master profile shown.
Or, if you do not want to use the master profile name shown, type another master profile name and then press the Enter key.
When you have finished defining the keyboard, you can send a copy of it to a printer, display, or file.
Press F10 (Actions) and select the option Keyboard Layout from the action bar on the Define Keyboard display.
Select option 1 (Display keyboard layout).
Select option 3 (File) to send the output to a PC file.
When you press the Enter key, a copy of your keyboard layout is sent to the display, a printer, or a file.
You have the option of selecting the special-character keyboard set.
Select the Keyboard Options option from the top of the display.
Select the Special-character keyboard set option.
The special-character keyboard set provides the following characters:
A keyboard template (SX21-9950) showing the position of each of these symbols is available.
Online help information is also available for this keyboard set.
Type the name of the file you want and press the Enter key.
By using the session manager program, you can display all of your work station function sessions in windows.
The following section describes the steps you should follow to configure the session manager program so the same window arrangement appears each time you start work station function and the session manager program.
Mark and copy information from any windowed session to any other windowed session including DOS.
Use a mouse if attached to the Personal System/2* or IBM Personal Computer.
In this case, the emulation cursor may or may not be present.
Use the 8514/A adapter support to display a full 132 columns of text.
A mouse is recommended when using the session manager.
The mouse driver should be installed and started before the 5250 session manager is started.
If the software support for the mouse is present, you cannot use the keyboard to control window functions.
Check the technical information about the mouse you want to ensure it supports this same interface.
The session manager program is a DOS resident program.
It does not affect the functions of the work station function.
For example, the session manager does not change any of the work station function keyboard, printer, or display definitions.
If you want the same window arrangement shown each time you start the session manager program, use the PC support configuration program to set up and save the windows.
You are not limited to the arrangement you configure.
Refer to "Starting the Work Station Function" in topic 5.8 for instructions on starting the work station function.
Press F10 (Actions) and select the option Work with Session Manager from the action list.
Press the Enter key to select option 1 (Work with Session Manager).
You can choose to display 43 or 50 lines of data if you have the correct display adapter.
- Select option 1 (Yes) to use a display mode that is greater than 25 lines.
- Select option 2 (No) to use a display mode equal to 25 lines.
Option 2 is the default.
- Select option 1 (Yes) if you want your work station function session shown.
- Select option 2 (No) if you want the DOS prompt shown.
- Select option 2 (No) to override the default.
Use 8514/A adapter You can choose to use the 8514/A adapter with the session manager if the adapter is available on your personal computer.
If you select this option, you should use the work station function configuration program to configure your sessions to use 132-column support.
- Select option 1 (Yes) to use the 8514/A adapter.
- Select option 2 (No) to not use the 8514/A adapter.
Move the mouse cursor to the window you want to work with by moving the mouse or by pressing and holding the Alt key and then pressing an Arrow key.
Where you place the mouse cursor in the window depends on how you want to change the window.
Press the left mouse control key, or press and hold the Shift key and then press the Esc key to display the Options window.
Select Size to change the size of the window.
Select Move to change the position of the window.
If you select this option, your new window arrangement is saved as well as any changes you made on the Session Manager Configuration menu.
Exit, to return to the Session Manager Configuration menu.
If you select this option, your arrangement is not saved.
- If you want to save the changes you made on the Session Manager Configuration menu, press F3 (Exit) and select option 1 (Save and exit to Work Station Function screen).
- If you do not want to save the changes you made to the Session Manager Configuration menu, press the Esc key.
Press F3 (Exit) on the Work Station Function Configuration menu and select option 1 (Save and exit).
Then, enter the session manager command (SM5250) to start the session manager program with your new configuration.
The colors immediately take effect.
You cannot use it in graphics mode sessions.
You cannot use it to color printer sessions or 132 column display sessions.
You cannot color a session you have stopped with the STOPWSF command.
The menu shows the work station function sessions currently assigned.
You can select to color any of the sessions preceded by a number.
If a session is preceded by an asterisk, you cannot select it.
Use the Up and Down Arrow keys or the mouse to select the session you want to color and then press the Enter key.
Use the Up and Down Arrow keys or the mouse to select the initial color profile you want to use.
If you select the IBM default colors option, the host window is shown with the IBM default colors.
If you select the User defined option, the Session profile window is shown.
Enter the name of the session profile containing the colors you want to use.
The copy of the display session is called the host window.
The emulation cursor is not shown in the host window.
Since it is a copy, you cannot enter any information on the displayed session.
However, you can use the work station function hot-key sequence to switch to any of your currently assigned work station function sessions.
The window is removed and the text begins blinking.
Reset the display to its original colors, if you want to, by pressing F5 (Reset).
Press F3 (Exit) when you have finished selecting your new color combinations.
Select option 1 (Save colors in session profile) if you want the color combination to be shown each time you start the work station function.
If you select this option, the Session profile window is shown.
A default session profile name is provided.
You can save the color combinations in the default profile or provide the name of another.
Press F4 (Prompt) for a list of profile names you can use.
Press the Enter key when you have supplied a name.
Select option 2 (Save colors for current session) if you want the color combination to be in effect until you start the work station function again.
If you select this option, the colors become the current colors.
If you select this option, your original color combination remains in effect.
This option is the same as pressing Esc.
The DOS prompt is shown.
You may work with the session or use the hot-key sequence to change to another work station function session.
Start the PC Support router by entering the following command:
Start work station function by entering the following command: where master profile, /S, and /T are as follows: master profile This is optional.
If it cannot find this file, the work station function uses the default configuration of a single display session with a PC keyboard style.
If you include a master profile, you can include a drive and a path to identify the profile location.
This function is provided to help the organizer start running without waiting for the operator to switch to the personal computer mode when the work station function is loaded.
To start a session stopped with STOPWSF.
You can start sessions again once the PC Support router is running again.
STARTWSF may only be used to start sessions that are currently stopped.
Do not put spaces between the comma.
The command has this format:
STARTWSF S, System name where:
The number you use may range from 1 to 5.
You must have already configured the session.
The following example shows two display sessions and one printer session.
If an error occurs while a session is starting, a message appears next to the session number.
When the session is successfully started, the status changes to Started (as shown).
Printer sessions start first followed by display sessions.
The hot-key sequence allows you to switch sessions within the work station mode and from the work station mode to the personal computer mode.
The default hot-key sequence is Alt+Esc.
STOPWSF has one required parameter, session number, and one optional parameter, force.
The command has the following format:
STOPWSF S /F where:
S Is the session number to stop.
This number may be in the range of 1 to 5.
If you intend to use work station function graphics, you must run this command each time you start the personal computer.
Be sure to run this command before you start work station function.
This program must be running in the DOS session before you can process graphics data.
This does not affect programs used by the work station function.
Using work station function graphics support every time you use work station function.
Therefore, the cursor appears when the work station function is waiting for the host system to provide more graphics data.
Cursor movement keys move the cursor when the type of display being shown allows it.
Switching sessions You can use the hot-key sequence at any time to switch sessions.
You can end WSF and use CFGWSF to increase the size of the VDI buffer.
The default size is the minimum, 20K bytes; 64K bytes is the maximum size.
Any size increase will be additional memory required by the work station function for the session.
If you have requested graphics from the host system, the data is processed even if you are in another session.
The work station function supports these same capabilities for graphics sessions or as many of these capabilities as the display you use allows.
The graphics display on a personal computer is not identical to the IBM 5292 graphics display.
The local select mode lets you use the keyboard for several functions while the display is in the graphics state.
The only local select function you can use for displays that are not in the graphics state is the function to change your text data into graphics.
To avoid this condition, use CFGWSF to make the buffer size larger than 20K bytes.
This is the only local select function you can use when the display is not in graphics state, but is showing text only.
The change has no effect until the next chart is requested from the host system.
During local select mode, any keys other than the correct local select keys cause a beep and are cleared.
To use a plotter with a graphics session, you must configure the display session type as host graphics support with a plotter attached.
You may configure any graphics display session for a plotter.
Work station function does not support any plotter that is not directly attached to the personal computer.
The graphics data stream generated by the host system uses an IEEE-488 protocol.
The work station function removes IEEE-488 protocol commands and sends the remaining data to the plotter by way of the interface.
The VDI commands are not used.
The work station function cannot support a plotter when both an asynchronous communications adapter and an SDLC or BSC adapter are used at the same time.
You must first set up a printer session using the work station function configuration program, CFGWSF.
For details, see "Setting Up a Session Profile" in topic 5.4.
You should not control your printer session from the operator panel on the printer.
You should control it from the printer operator panel displayed in your printer session.
Printer sessions use the same keyboard arrangement as display sessions.
To control printers from your printer panel display, select the option you want to use.
If the Ready indicator is on, you do not have to use this option.
To continue printing, you must use the Start option.
When you turn on the power again, you should use the Start option.
Be sure to use this option from the panel.
If you use the Line Feed switch on the printer during a printer session, the paper may no longer be aligned.
If you use the Form Feed switch on the printer, the paper may no longer be aligned.
Select Printer Values Allows you to specify the number of lines per inch and the number of characters per inch to be printed.
To select an option on the display, type the number of the option you want to use or move the cursor to that option and press the Enter key.
A box to the left of an item on the display indicates you can select that item.
Remember that the printer operator panel has the same keyboard arrangement as your display session.
A work station function printer session has status indicators that appear on the lower half of the display.
When an indicator is on, it is highlighted.
The following section describes the status indicators that can appear on your printer operator panel display.
These indicators are explained in more detail below.
It tells you that the printer is ready and waiting to receive data.
This indicator turns off when the printer needs you to take some action, such as changing a printer font or paper.
If you select the Stop/Reset option on the printer operator panel, the Attention indicator turns off.
When the Forms indicator is highlighted, one of the following messages appears on the work station function printer operator panel:
When the Change Setup indicator is highlighted, a message is displayed on the work station function printer operator panel.
The message and the two-digit code displayed in the output data field tell you the type of paper feed needed.
It can be any of the following:
When you press the key that functions as the personal computer PrtSc key, the personal computer printer prints the display.
All characters on the display are sent to the printer as is.
See the instructions for your printer to determine the action taken.
The print screen function can print graphics data while in the graphics state.
For more information, see the PC Support User's Guide for DOS.
There is online information for each of the work station function commands.
To see the online information type the work station function command followed by a question mark (?).
The question mark (?)
Is the only parameter you should have on the command line.
If work station function is started successfully, the error level is 0.
If an error occurs, but work station function is able to continue, the error level is 10.
If an error occurs and work station function cannot continue, the error level is 20.
If STARTWSF is started successfully, the error level is 0.
If an error occurs but STARTWSF is able to continue, the error level is 10.
If an error occurs and STARTWSF cannot continue, the error level is 20.
If the process was successful, the error level is 0.
If the process was not successful, the error level is 20.
All states can be defined by the user.
Data entry from right to left as well as from left to right.
- Insert mode is reset.
- If the cursor direction is now left to right, the cursor is positioned at the first null character to the right of the joined text.
Pressing the Base key again starts this function.
As you read this chapter, you should keep in mind the programs you use most often.
For information on how to install PC Support, see the PC Support Planning and Installation Guide for DOS.
To use the organizer, you must choose the work station function when installing PC Support.
The organizer runs in all of your configured work station function sessions.
Work station function provides defaults for each session.
However, if you do not want to use the defaults, you must use the work station function configuration program to change them.
When you configure your personal computer, you identify how you want to use your work station function sessions.
The number and kind of sessions you configure depends on the type of tasks you want to do.
If you are using the work station function, you can configure up to five sessions.
You can choose printer sessions or display sessions.
You can switch from one session to another using the hot-key sequence (pressing and holding the Alt key, and then pressing the Esc key).
When the organizer is started, a system drive may be assigned automatically for its use.
The system drive remains assigned even after the organizer has been stopped.
By changing the entries in this file, you can change the way the organizer operates.
The configuration program changes your configuration or batch files for you.
If you use the PC Support editor, you must go into the configuration file itself and change the organizer identifiers corresponding to the options you want to use.
If any of the following conditions are true, you will need to change your configuration files.
You want the Organizer menu shown in a specific display session.
You can show the menu in five display sessions if you choose.
The default is to show it in the first session.
You want to use the hot-key sequence to switch to the work station function each time you start the organizer.
You want to load the text-assist function each time you start the organizer.
You want to load the enhanced version of the text-assist function each time you start the organizer.
You also have the option of starting the organizer automatically each time PC Support is started or of starting it manually yourself from a command line or the PC Support Menu.
Select Organizer from the list of functions on the menu.
Press the Enter key to select you choice.
From this window you can select to start the organizer automatically or manually.
Press the Enter key to select the option.
You can use the configuration program to change the way the organizer operates in your work station function sessions.
For example, you can change the session in which the organizer runs, or you can request to have a different menu displayed in a session.
Refer to Chapter 2, "Configuring PC Support with the Configuration Program" for information on starting this program.
Press F10 (Actions) and select Work with sessions from the action bar.
Select the option showing the session number you want to change.
Enter the command or commands you want to run in the session.
For example, if you want the organizer started and the Organizer menu displayed in your specified work station function session, you would enter the following:
Press Enter when you have finished.
The following describes the prompts on the menu.
If you want to use the hot-key sequence to exit a DOS session, you should select option 1 (Yes) for this prompt.
When you are finished running an application or command, you should exit from the DOS session rather than use the hot-key sequence.
If you want the text-assist function loaded in a work station function display session, you should select option 1 (Yes) for this prompt.
The text-assist function is loaded in the first work station function session in which the organizer has been started.
The enhanced text-assist function requires more PC memory, but contains additional functions you may find useful.
If you want to use the enhanced text-assist function, select option 1 (Yes) for this prompt.
A value of 0 specifies no time-out.
A value from 1 to 3600 seconds (1 hour) is allowed.
When there is not enough memory to start the selected text-assist functions.
When you are using DOS for another application.
When the text-assist function is already started in another work station function display session.
You can use the PC Support editor to change the way the organizer operates.
For information about using the PC Support editor, refer to Appendix D, "Configuring PC Support Using the Editor."
When you use command line parameters to change the organizer, the changes are not saved when you end the organizer function.
If DOS is currently in use, you cannot request Displaywrite 4 as your editor of choice.
You can merge information from one document with another.
You can also merge information between documents and from database files.
You must be using the work station function.
You must have the organizer and the text-assist function on the same drive and directory.
If you used the PC Support installation program to install PC Support, the following files are on the I drive:
You must be using the organizer.
Some column operations are not supported.
When you select option 3, the following display is shown:
When you use Displaywrite 4 or Displaywrite 4 Version 2 with the organizer, you may notice differences in printing.
You no longer have to change your document to final form before printing.
Otherwise, you print as you normally would using Displaywrite 4.
To do this, you need to use the personal computer keyboard profile that is provided with work station function.
This command prevents commands in a batch file from being displayed while the batch file is being processed.
Using an @ sign in front of commands.
After each DOS statement in the batch file, type:
If you start the organizer only in the pass-through display session, the organizer program remains active on your personal computer until you sign off the display.
If you start the organizer in the main display session, pass through to a second system, and then start the organizer from the pass-through display session, the organizer program is ended on your personal computer for both sessions when you sign off the pass-through display session.
You cannot run any programs in the main display session if the programs require the organizer.
Once you have installed PC Support and the programs required by the organizer and have configured your work station function sessions, you can change the options on the PC Support Organizer menu to meet your specific needs.
Sign off all work station function sessions.
For more information about using the PC Support organizer, see the PC Support User's Guide for DOS.
The PC Support transfer function is a set of programs that allows you to transfer data to or from the personal computer.
Before you can operate the transfer function, you must start PC Support.
You use the interactive programs when you are doing a one-time transfer request.
You also use the interactive programs to create or modify a transfer request to be used by the automatic transfer function programs.
You must have previously created and saved the transfer request using an interactive transfer program.
You are not asked for information; the transfer function uses the information supplied in the previously created transfer request.
You might want to use the automatic transfer programs when you often require the same information to be transferred.
That data could then be used by a personal computer application to create the report you need.
When the automatic transfer program runs, no prompts or displays appear; therefore, you cannot create or change a transfer request while the automatic transfer program is running.
You have the option of running the transfer function programs from your personal computer.
You can do this using the configuration program.
Press F10 (Actions) and select Copy options from the action bar.
Select option 1 (Copy files to PC).
This starts the copy process.
A file is a collection of records referred to by a single name.
The file description file identifies the format of the personal computer data file and describes the fields contained in the data file.
The data type, length, and number of decimal positions of each field are also described.
This information allows the transfer function to determine not only how the data should be changed, but also where a particular field exists in a file record.
See the DDM User's Guide for more information on using DDM files.
You can specify the data to be transferred and whether it is to be displayed, printed, or stored in a disk file on the personal computer.
To specify the conditions under which the records from files are combined, use the JOIN BY prompt.
To group records having a common value for a particular field, use the GROUP BY prompt.
To select fields to be transferred, use the SELECT prompt.
To remove records, use the WHERE prompt.
To remove groups of records, use the HAVING prompt.
To specify fields by which records are sorted, use the ORDER BY prompt.
All of the data in each record and all of the records in the file are transferred.
You must specify a System name if you are transferring data from a system other than the router default system.
Additional prompts allow you to specify how to display, print, or store the data on the personal computer.
Use the SELECT prompt to specify the fields you want to transfer.
Use the WHERE prompt to specify which records you want to transfer.
The WHERE prompt allows you to specify conditions that the information contained in the record must meet for the record to be transferred.
You specify the names of the fields by which the records are to be sorted.
After you create a transfer request, you can use the action list to modify, save, or run it.
Otherwise, the current transfer request is deleted.
Press F10 to go to the action list, select Create, and press the Enter key.
The create transfer request option list appears.
The input line is blank if the router is not active.
Place the cursor on the system name input line and press F4 to see a list of the possible system names.
Move the cursor to the system name you want and press the Enter key.
The name you selected is placed on the input line and the list is removed.
As you move the cursor from prompt to prompt on this display, one line of help frequently appears over the prompt line.
F4 (Prompt) can be used for all of the prompts on this display except for the Output device prompt.
FROM This prompt is required.
It identifies the name of the file or files where the data you want to transfer is stored.
The only name you have to specify is the file name.
Do not use a comma as a character in a file name.
If you do not specify the optional values, they are automatically supplied.
When the cursor is in the FROM input field, you can use F4 to get a list of libraries, files, members and formats.
This file contains the data that you want to transfer from the host system to your personal computer.
If you do not specify a library, then *LIBL is used.
A file name is required.
You must specify a member name or *FIRST as the member name before you can specify a record format name.
If a record format name is specified, it must be separated from the member name by a comma (, ).
If you do not specify a file member name, you cannot specify a record format name.
The library name, file name, file member name, and record format name each can have a maximum of 10 characters.
The library name, file name, and file member name must be all uppercase characters.
It identifies which fields in the record to transfer.
The fields you specify must be defined in the record format you previously specified in the FROM prompt.
If you want to transfer all the fields in the record, leave the asterisk (*) in the input field.
You can transfer up to 256 fields.
If there are more than 256 fields defined for the file, you cannot specify the asterisk.
You must specify the names of the fields you want to transfer.
(If you want to also transfer the sequence number field and the date field, you must specify the names of all the fields, including the data fields.)
You can specify the same field more than once if desired.
However, the maximum number of fields that you can select is 256.
You can press F4 to display a list of names.
If all the names of the fields do not fit on one SELECT prompt input area line, the transfer function automatically creates another line, or you can create another line by pressing the F9 key.
A field name cannot be split between two input area lines.
WHERE This prompt is optional.
It identifies which records are to be transferred.
A condition specifies a test against which the records in the file member are to be applied.
If you do not specify the WHERE prompt, all of the records in the specified file member are transferred.
The constant can be either a number or a character string enclosed in single quotes.
If a numeric field is specified for the field name, value must be the name of a numeric field, a numeric constant, or an expression.
Zeros are added where numbers are missing.
For more information on constants, expressions, and tests, refer to "Specifying Values in a Transfer Request" in topic 7.12.
ORDER BY This prompt is optional.
It identifies the order in which the records you request are to be sorted.
If you do not respond to the ORDER BY prompt, the records are transferred in no special order.
Records are sorted by the first field specified.
The names of fields specified in the ORDER BY prompt must also be specified in the SELECT prompt, or SELECT * must be specified.
The sum of the lengths of the fields specified must not be greater than 120.
If all the names of the fields do not fit on one line, the transfer function automatically creates another line, or you can create another line by pressing the F9 key.
After you complete the FROM, SELECT, WHERE, and ORDER BY prompts, you can continue to select the output device you want on the options list.
Printer specifies that a personal computer printer or a virtual printer is to receive the output.
Disk specifies that a personal computer disk or diskette is to receive the output.
Display is the assumed value.
If you specify Display for the output device and press the Enter key, the transfer request is created.
To display the output, select Run on the action list, and either press the Enter key or press F5 (Run).
The transfer request runs, and the output appears on your personal computer display.
You can send transferred data to a personal computer printer or to a virtual printer.
The following prompts allow you to specify how you want the printed output to look.
It allows you to specify which of the three available printers should receive the output.
One of the following must be specified:
Printer LPT1 Printer LPT2 Printer LPT3 LPT1 is the supplied value.
After you complete the Printer device prompt, the following display appears:
It specifies the length of the print line, in characters.
The supplied value is 80 characters per line.
A transferred record may require more print positions than are available on one print line.
The supplied value is Yes.
It specifies whether column headings are to be printed.
Column headings are the field names you specified in the SELECT prompt.
The supplied value is, On all pages.
Page length This prompt is required.
It specifies the number of lines on one printed page.
The page length can be from 1 to 127 lines, depending on the size of the paper.
Six lines are printed per inch.
Specify a number from 1 to 127; 66 is the supplied value.
From this display, you can change, save, or run the transfer request.
It identifies the name of the personal computer disk or diskette file to receive the transferred records.
Specify the file name using the following format:
Replace old file This prompt is required.
It indicates that you want the file specified in the To prompt replaced with the transferred records.
After you complete the Replace old file prompt, the following display appears:
It identifies the type of personal computer disk or diskette file to receive the transferred records.
ASCII text is the supplied value.
Show format of transferred data This prompt is required.
It specifies whether you want to see the detailed format of the data records to be transferred and, if so, if you want to see it on the personal computer display or the personal computer printer.
This information can be used to help you write a personal computer program to process the data in the personal computer file.
You need only display or print the format of transferred data once for each transfer request.
If you change the FROM or SELECT prompt for the transfer request, you must get a new copy of the format of transferred data by specifying Display or Printer.
If you specify Printer, the format of transferred data is printed on printer LPT1.
Save transfer description This prompt is required.
It specifies whether you want to save the personal computer file description in a personal computer file.
Description file name This prompt is required.
It appears only if you specified Yes for the Save transfer description prompt.
The Description file name prompt specifies the name of the personal computer disk or diskette file to receive the file description.
Use the JOIN BY prompt to specify how data from the files is joined or combined.
Use the Return records with missing fields prompt to specify if records with missing fields are transferred.
You can specify up to 32 files.
If the name of a file does not fit on one FROM prompt input area line, the transfer function automatically creates another input line, or you can create another line by pressing the F9 key.
The name of a file cannot be split between two input area lines.
The following is an example of specifying two files using the FROM prompt:
If you select a library from the list, it is copied to the FROM prompt and is separated by a comma from the previously specified file name.
You can then continue using F4 to help you complete the next file name.
If more than one file name is specified and one of them is not complete (for example, a member name is not specified), you can show a list of items to help you complete that file name.
If you specify only one file name in the FROM prompt, the JOIN BY prompt is not displayed.
Each file specified in the FROM prompt must be joined to at least one other file in the FROM prompt.
Use the JOIN BY prompt to specify one or more join conditions.
In a join condition, you must specify two field names, one field from each file that is joined.
The field lengths or types do not have to be the same.
A character field must be joined to a character field.
The lengths do not have to be the same.
Use T1 for fields defined by the first record format, T2 for the fields defined by the second record format, and so on.
If you do not know the names of the fields in the files specified in the FROM prompt, press F4 when the cursor is in the JOIN BY input area.
You must use more than one join condition if you want to join more than two files or if you want to join together two files by more than one common field.
If you need to specify more than one join condition, the conditions must be connected with AND.
For example: means that records with the same value for EMPNO are joined from the first file and the second file specified in the FROM prompt, and then from the second and third files specified in the FROM prompt.
You can specify a maximum of 32 join conditions.
If all of the join conditions do not fit on one input line, the transfer function automatically creates another line, or you can create another line by pressing the F9 key.
A field name cannot be split between two lines.
After you complete the JOIN BY prompt, you can complete the SELECT, WHERE, and ORDER BY prompts as described in this chapter.
Return records with missing fields It is possible, while joining records from more than one file, that a record cannot be found to complete the join.
Use this prompt to specify if you want to transfer a record with missing fields.
If you choose to return records with missing fields, values are transferred for the missing fields.
If you do not choose to return records with missing fields, records having missing fields are not transferred.
No, if you do not want data records that contain values for missing fields to be transferred.
Only data records created from records found in all of the files specified in the FROM prompt are transferred.
There might be relationships between these files that you can use to link or join them together as if the data were all in one file.
When the files have been joined together, they can be transferred to the personal computer.
Notice that records in both files contain a part number field.
A new prompt, JOIN BY, specifies the relationship between the two files.
Therefore, in order to join two records in these files, the part numbers must be equal.
In summary, specify the following to get the information described above:
Refers to the first file in the FROM prompt, and T2.
Refers to the second file in the FROM prompt.
To get the same information as described in the previous example, specify the following:
It is possible, while joining records from more than one file, that a record cannot be found to complete the join.
Use the Return records with missing fields prompt to specify if you want to transfer a record with missing field(s).
If you choose to return records with missing fields, supplied values are transferred for the missing fields.
The supplied value for a character field is blanks, and the supplied value for a numeric field is zeros.
This can be used, for example, to compare information in the records of a file.
To transfer the desired information to the personal computer, you could specify the following:
The same file has been specified twice in the FROM prompt.
The JOIN BY prompt specifies to join records having the same part number.
When the part numbers are equal, the two records are joined.
The final result is the following:
When you transfer summary records, one record is transferred for every group of records.
If you want all of the records in only one group, leave the GROUP BY prompt blank.
Use the SELECT prompt to create the summary records.
The SELECT prompt can only specify field names used in the GROUP BY prompt.
Use the HAVING prompt to determine which summary records are to be transferred.
If you want all of the summary records transferred, leave the HAVING prompt blank.
Use the ORDER BY prompt to order the summary records.
You can specify only field names and functions used in the SELECT prompt.
If you do not specify a value for the GROUP BY prompt, the records are treated as one group.
If the GROUP BY prompt is not currently displayed, press the Shift+F4 key to see the GROUP BY prompt.
If the GROUP BY and HAVING prompts are displayed and you do not want to use them, you can press the Shift+F4 key again to have these two prompts removed from the display.
The fields must be defined in a record format specified in the FROM prompt.
If you do not know the names of the fields, press F4 to display a list of all the fields in the record.
If all the names of the fields do not fit on one GROUP BY input area line, the transfer function automatically creates another line, or you can create another line by pressing the F9 key.
If you specify the GROUP BY prompt, the SELECT prompt is required to transfer a summary record for each group.
Use this prompt to specify functions that identify the kind of summary information you want transferred.
The field names you specify for the SELECT prompt (not specified with a function) must also have been specified for the GROUP BY prompt.
The functions and fields you specify for the SELECT prompt return the actual summary information about each group.
Type the field names and the functions in the SELECT prompt in the order that you want them to appear.
The format of a function is: function(field-name) where: function Is one of the following:
This function is allowed only for numeric fields.
Each function returns only one value for each group of records.
A summary record is transferred because functions are selected.
This prompt identifies which summary records are to be transferred.
A condition specifies a test to be done on a summary record.
If you want to transfer all of the summary records, leave the HAVING prompt blank.
The format of a condition is: function(field-name) test value where: function Is one of the functions allowed in the SELECT prompt.
For more information on constants, expressions and tests refer to "Specifying Values in a Transfer Request" in topic 7.12.
Test conditions can be connected with a logical AND or OR.
When both AND and OR are specified, AND comparisons are made first.
If you do not know the names of the fields you want, press F4 to display a list of all the names of the fields in the record.
If a comparison does not fit on one HAVING input area line, the transfer function automatically creates another line, or you can create another line by pressing F9.
A function or a field-name cannot be split between two input area lines.
It identifies the order in which the summary records are to be sorted.
Summary records are sorted by the fields and functions specified.
If no order is specified, ascending order is assumed.
The field names or functions specified in the ORDER BY prompt must also be specified in the SELECT prompt.
For a list of field names, you can press F4.
The functions are listed as they appear in the SELECT prompt.
You can use the WHERE prompt to do this.
The HAVING prompt allows you to select which summary records are transferred.
The final summary records are sorted by the items specified in the ORDER BY prompt.
To run a transfer request, specify Run on the action list and press the Enter key.
If the action list is not on the display, you can run a transfer request by pressing F5 (Run).
If you specified Printer as the output device, the transferred records are printed.
If you specified Disk as the output device, the format of the transferred data (if requested) is sent to the output device (display or printer) you specified for the Show format of transferred data prompt.
The personal computer file description file (if requested in the Save transfer description prompt) is written to a personal computer disk or diskette file, and the transferred records are written to a personal computer disk or diskette file.
You can press the Esc key to cancel running the current transfer request at any time (except while the file description is being written to a disk or diskette).
Any records remaining to be transferred are ignored.
If data is being written to a personal computer disk or diskette file, the file is closed.
If you specified Display for the output device prompt when you created or modified the current transfer request, the transferred records are sent to the display.
The records appear, one record per line on the display.
The output is in column format.
Column headings are the SELECT field names.
The following shows displayed records:
If a field cannot be changed, the field is displayed and the character positions that could not be changed are highlighted.
You can press the Esc key to stop displaying the records.
The display then shows the total number of records that were displayed and the number of displayed records that had data that could not be changed.
The transfer request stops running.
The printer is set to the values that were specified in the transfer request.
If you want to stop printing the transferred records before all of the records are printed, you can press the Esc key.
The display then shows the total number of records printed and the number of printed records that had data that could not be changed.
You can press the Esc key again to remove the totals window.
The format of the transferred data is displayed or printed, as requested in the Show format of transferred data prompt.
The personal computer file description is written to a personal computer disk or diskette file, as requested in the Save transfer description prompt.
The transferred records are written to a personal computer disk or diskette file.
If you requested that the format of the transferred data be displayed, the following display appears:
The format contains the following information for each field that is specified in the SELECT prompt.
Decimal positions This identifies the number of decimal positions in a numeric field.
You can press the Esc key to remove the list.
After the format of transferred data is printed, the window containing the message is removed and the transfer request continues running.
If you specified Yes for the Save transfer description prompt, the following display appears:
After the personal computer file is written, the transfer request continues running.
While records are being written to your disk or diskette, the following display appears:
You must press the Esc key to remove the message window before you can go to the action list.
Pressing the Esc key also stops the transfer request from running.
The entire personal computer file must be transferred.
Any other fields that are not transferred, but are defined for this file, are filled with blanks for character fields and zeros for numeric fields, or the values specified when the file was created.
The transfer function automatically creates the member in the file and library you specified.
The new member is created according to the file description in the existing file.
In this case, specify that a personal computer file description file be used during the transfer.
Note that only the fields that are transferred are defined in the new file.
When you transfer data to this type of file, you need a personal computer file description file to define the data as it exists in the personal computer data file.
Specify an asterisk (*) in the SELECT prompt.
Specify that you do not want to save a personal computer file description file for the personal computer file.
If the router is not active, this input field is blank.
Press F4 to display a list of possible system names.
It identifies the name of the host system physical file that receives the data you send from your personal computer.
You may specify a file that already exists or create a new one.
If you want to create a file to receive the transferred data, you must specify a library name.
If you want to transfer data to an existing file, the newly transferred data replaces data already in the file.
If you do not specify a member name, the data is transferred to the first member in the file *FIRST.
If the member already exists, the old data is replaced with the current data.
If you want to transfer data to an existing file, specify the member name.
The data in the member file is replaced by the transferred data.
The library name, file name, member name, and record format name each can have a maximum of 10 characters.
The format of the FROM prompt is as follows:
You can press F4 to list the file names you can use.
You can also specify a part of a file name using a global file name character (* or?)
In the FROM prompt input area to limit the number of names listed.
Use PC file description This prompt is required.
You do not need a PC file description file if you are transferring a PC file that contains records with text (character data) only.
Yes, for any other situation.
The Description file name prompt specifies the name of the personal computer file description file containing the description of the data to be transferred.
The system supplies a file description name automatically.
This file description name is created using the values you specified in the FROM prompt.
It is recommended that you use the supplied extension.
However, you can specify your own extension.
If you do not want to use any extension, specify only a period (.)
If you do not want to use the supplied file description name, you can enter your own file description name.
If you do not know the name of the personal computer file description file that you want to use, press F4.
This displays a list of all of the file description files on the default disk drive in the current directory.
To limit the number of names listed, enter part of the name using a global file name character (* or?)
In the File description name input area.
In this case, pressing the F4 key lists all of the file description files with names that are the same as the characters you typed.
PC file type This prompt appears only if you specified No for the Transfer data using PC file description prompt.
You must specify the type of personal computer file you named in the FROM prompt.
The supplied value is ASCII text.
For file type No conversion, the data file should contain data that needs no conversion.
If you select No and press the Enter key, the request is created.
Press F5 to run the transfer request.
The description can help you remember the contents of the member at a later time.
For example, this description is displayed when you request a list (using F4) of all the members in a file.
When you complete the Member text prompt, the transfer request is created.
In order to create the member, you must have the following authority:
This member is created with two beginning fields, sequence number and date, in addition to the data fields from your personal computer file.
The maximum amount of data that can be transferred per record is 4096 bytes.
The data portion of the member takes on the characteristics of your personal computer file.
That is, if your personal computer file is an ASCII text file and is made up of many records containing text, the resulting data field will look similar.
This file and member contain only the data fields that are in the personal computer file description file.
If you are not transferring data using a PC file description file, the value for this prompt is assumed to be Source.
Field reference filename This prompt appears only if you specified Yes for the Use PC file description prompt and you are creating a new file.
If you do not specify a library name, then *LIBL is used.
If you type a partial file name followed by an asterisk (*) before pressing the F4 key, a list of file names that you can use, beginning with the partial name, is displayed.
This automatically copies the library name and the file name to the input area for the Field reference filename prompt.
Specify one of the following:
File Text This prompt is optional.
When you complete this prompt, the transfer request is created.
To create the file and member, you must have *READ and *ADD authority for the library that will contain the file.
Specify Run on the action list and press the Enter key.
The following display appears while the transfer request is running:
The personal computer sends the records, one at a time, from the file specified in the FROM prompt.
During this conversion process, it is possible that conversion errors may occur.
For these conversion errors, you receive an error message, the number of the record in the personal computer file in which the error occurred, and, in some cases, information about the specific field in the record containing the error.
In this case, you must stop the transfer request, correct the error, and run the transfer request again.
If you choose to continue transferring data, and the error occurs in the same place in another record, you do not receive another message.
In this case, the transfer function automatically continues running the transfer request.
When the transfer request ends, the transfer function displays the number of records that had errors.
You can end the transfer at any time by pressing the Esc key.
If any conversion errors occurred while the transfer request was running, you will see additional messages in the Status display These messages tell you the number of records that had a particular conversion error.
Error message 8154 occurred, and you chose to continue running the transfer request.
This status message shows the number of records that had this error.
N record(s) had data that was truncated:
N record(s) had numeric data with too many digits:
To create or change a translation table, use the translation table utility.
After creating or changing a translation table, you may need to add or change some entries in your PC Support configuration file.
After you are done with the status information, press the Esc key to return to the action list.
This section describes how to change the current transfer request.
After you change a transfer request, you can use the action list to save or run it.
You can change the transfer request by moving the cursor to any field and typing the changes you want to make.
You can also automatically run the saved transfer request using the automatic transfer function.
For details, refer to "Using the Automatic Transfer Function Programs" in topic 7.11.
You should save a transfer request if you need to transfer the same information often.
Saving a transfer request prevents you from having to create a transfer request each time you want to transfer this information.
To save a transfer request, select Save on the action list and press the Enter key.
If you want a list of all the transfer request names on the disk or diskette, you can press F4.
To limit the number of names listed, specify part of a name using a global file name character (* or?)
In the transfer request name input area.
In this case, pressing F4 lists all of the transfer request names that are the same as the characters you typed.
If you specify only a period (.)
You can use the Arrow keys to find the transfer request name you want, and then you can press the Enter key to select it.
This automatically copies the name from the list to the transfer request name input area.
The option you select determines if the data in the file is automatically replaced.
Yes, if the file should be replaced (if it exists).
No, if the file should not be replaced.
If you are creating the file (it does not already exist), you should specify Yes.
It allows you to type a short description of the transfer request.
The description can be up to 40 characters long.
If you selected the transfer request name from a list, the description is automatically copied into the input area for this prompt.
The transfer request is saved in the specified personal computer disk or diskette file.
The transfer request is saved in a personal computer file that is intended for use only by the transfer function.
You must specify the transfer request using the following format:
If you want a list of all the transfer request file names on the disk or diskette, press F4.
In this case, pressing F4 lists all the transfer request names that are the same as the characters you typed.
For the extension, no extension is used.
This automatically copies the selected name to the transfer request name input area.
After you type the transfer request name, press the Enter key.
The transfer request is read from the disk or diskette and becomes the current transfer request.
You can end the transfer function by selecting Exit on the action list and pressing the Enter key.
There are two interactive programs:
To start the interactive transfer of data from the host system to the personal computer type: where: transfer-request-filename is the name of the transfer request previously created and saved.
To start the interactive transfer of data from the personal computer to the host system type: where: transfer-request-filename is the name of the transfer request previously created and saved.
The automatic transfer function programs run a previously created and saved transfer request without prompting you for information.
To create and save a transfer request, you must use the interactive transfer function.
To start the program, enter the following command at the DOS prompt: where transfer-request-filename specifies the name of a transfer request that was previously created and saved.
The transfer-request-filename is required.
The file name can be from 1 to 8 characters long and is required in the command.
The extension consists of a period (.) and 3 characters immediately following the file name with no characters following it, no extension is used.
Your transfer request is running After the transfer request runs, the transferred records are sent to the output device specified in the transfer request.
If you specified Display for the Output device prompt, the transferred records are sent to the display.
Each record is shown using one or more lines of the display, depending on the length of the record.
The output is printed by the values specified in the transfer request.
If you are printing on a virtual printer, these characteristics might not be reset.
The format of transferred data is being printed You can press the Esc key to stop printing the format of transferred data.
If you specified that the personal computer file description should be saved, the following message appears while the file description is being written to the specified disk or diskette file:
Retrieved data records are being written to disk If you want to stop writing records to the disk or diskette before the transfer request ends, you can press the Esc key.
Release 3.0 Level 00.
You can end the transfer request at any time by pressing the Esc key.
You can specify a character string or a number as a constant.
A character string must be enclosed in apostrophes.
If the character string is longer than the specified field, the character string is truncated.
A search is made for the exact characters you specify.
That is, if you specify only uppercase characters, a search is made only for uppercase letters.
If you specify only lowercase characters, a search is made only for lowercase letters.
A number may include an optional sign (+ or -) and an optional decimal point.
Either a period (.) or a comma (, ) can be used for the decimal point.
The specified field must be a character field.
The string may contain any character.
The percent (\%{}) character represents any character string of zero or more characters.
The underscore (\_{}) character represents any single character.
The following examples show the use of the LIKE test:
The constants must be separated by AND.
The constants must be separated by blanks and enclosed in parentheses; up to 100 constants can be specified.
Tests can be combined with a logical AND or OR.
A maximum of 50 conditions can be specified.
A comparison can start on one line and end on the next line.
The batch return codes are as follows.
You have the option of changing the way the message function operates.
If you use the PC Support editor, you must make the changes in the configuration file yourself.
The work station function and the message function use the same message queue.
Therefore, if you start the work station function before you start the message function, you can only use the message function to send messages.
You also have the option of starting the message function automatically each time PC Support is started or of starting it manually yourself from a command line.
Select Message function from the list of functions on the menu.
From this window you can select to start the message function automatically or manually.
Enter values for the following prompts * Host system that controls the messages.
Enter the name of the system you want to send messages to and receive messages from.
If you do not specify a system name, your default system is used.
This prompt determines how you receive your messages.
A default value of 60 seconds is specified for this prompt.
You can enter a number from 1 to 3600.
If you do not want to use the configuration program, you can use the PC Support Editor to prepare the message function for use.
For the remainder of this chapter, reference will be made to the configuration file.
When you add or change any of the configuration file commands or identifiers, the changes are not in effect until the next time you enter the STARTMSG command.
The extension consists of a period and up to 3 characters.
If used, the extension must immediately follow the file name.
STARTMSG allows the user to specify an alternative configuration file.
This configuration file can be used to set or change the configuration for automatically receiving messages.
To do this, you need to add the following entry to an alternative configuration file:
If there is an up or down arrow on the upper right corner of the display, you can see more information by pressing the Page Up or Page Down keys.
You must run STARTMSG to put this into effect.
If you want to change the monitor that displays the messages, issue another STARTMSG command on the monitor you want to display the messages.
Enter the following command at the DOS command line: where d: and path are the drive and directory containing the message function program.
Online information is available for each display and prompt.
For more information about the interactive message command, refer to the PC Support User's Guide for DOS.
You can enter the first part of a two-part user identification (ID) by which the user is known within the distribution network.
The person sending the message must be enrolled in the directory also.
Using directory entries, you can send messages to user groups, users at other systems, and local users.
This address can be from 1 to 8 characters long.
There can be up to 127 characters in the message.
This can be a host system that is on the local area network or one that is remote to the current default host system.
The default when this parameter is not specified is to leave the messages in the message queues.
The file name can be from 1 to 8 characters.
When this command is issued, all message sessions are stopped (whether the sessions are active or not).
The format is: where d: and path are the drive and directory containing the message function program.
If an error occurs, but STARTMSG is able to continue, the error level is 10.
Receive messages that were sent to your PC location.
The default for this parameter is 60 seconds.
Some programs may affect the way you receive messages.
It is recommended that the personal computer location name be different from the user ID, so that you can receive messages sent either to your personal computer or to your user ID.
You may want to end and remove a PC Support function from memory so the memory can be used with other DOS applications.
In order for the programs to work, they must communicate with each other.
To communicate, they must share a common language.
PC Support provides several different router programs.
The first of these is the PC location name.
When PC Support was installed, the installation program requested this information.
If necessary, you can change it using the PC Suppor configuration program.
Use the PC Support configuration program to do this.
It is also necessary for you to identify yourself to the router program.
This can be the same user ID you use to sign on to a work station session.
If you choose not to provide a unique user ID, the router program uses a common user ID.
If necessary, you can use the configuration program to change your user ID.
It is also the most important task.
The information in this section applies to all router types.
It was entered into the file when PC Support was installed.
When the STARTRTR program is run, it determines if the router is active or inactive.
As it searches the file, it looks for identifier information corresponding to the PC location name, system name, and router type.
For a description of the additional identifier information, refer to the specific section in this chapter describing your router type.
STARTRTR /D the status of the router is displayed.
When you enter the following command at the DOS prompt:
STARTRTR /R the information in the router error log is reset.
STARTRTR /B the error notify option within the router is turned on or off.
You can use one or the other.
Also, you can only specify one command line parameter at a time.
Use either the STOPRTR command or the remove PC Support function to stop the router.
For example, release any assigned shared folders function drives.
- Enter the following command after the DOS prompt:
If you have virtual printers assigned when you enter STOPRTR, it is recommended that you do not force the router to stop.
To ensure that all of the data is sent to the printer and the printer file is closed, you must use the SETVPRT command to release the virtual printers.
Then enter the STOPRTR command again.
To use the remove PC Support function, enter the following command after the DOS prompt:
Follow the prompts on the menu and press F1 (Help) for additional help information when necessary.
If you need more information about the remove PC Support function, refer to the manual PC Support User's Guide for DOS.
The information in this section applies to all PC Support router types.
You can use the PC Support configuration program to change the PC location name, default user ID, and software interrupt number.
You should consider the following points before making any changes.
In most cases, you do not want to change this.
You can define a default user ID to use with all of the systems you have access to.
Personal computer applications use this number when communicating with the router.
Enter values for the prompts in the window.
The following list describes the prompts and the values you can enter.
Press F1 (Help) for additional help information.
In most cases, you will not change this value from that specified when PC Support was installed.
It is specified when PC Support is installed.
- Do not put any blank spaces in the name.
If you supply a value for this prompt, it must be 1 to 10 characters long.
The default for this prompt is 68.
In most cases, you will not need to change this number.
If you do, specify a number between 60 and 68.
Press the Enter key after you have entered the values.
Start your personal computer and the router again if the router was already running.
Or, use the remove PC Support function to remove the router from memory, and then enter the STARTRTR command again.
If you use an IBM Token-Ring Network, you have the ability to attach more than one device to the network and have all the devices on the network communicate.
It does not need to pass through one system to communicate with another.
DOS must be loaded on the personal computer.
See the correct DOS manuals to determine how to load DOS.
You can use the PC Support configuration program and the translation table utility without the router being active.
However, the router must be active to use any of the other functions of PC Support.
This connection is called a link.
You can operate PC Support using the set up provided, or you can use the PC Support configuration program to add to or change the information in the file.
The information is in the form of a four-character identifier.
The following list shows the configuration file information used to set up the adapter.
The actual four-character identifier found in the configuration file follows in parentheses.
Stopping and starting the router with the STOPRTR and STARTRTR commands does not cause the TRAL and TRAS identifiers to take effect.
When the router is stopped by the STOPRTR command, the adapter remains in an open condition; therefore, the TRAL and the TRAS configuration file identifiers do not take effect if the router is started again.
The amount of adapter-shared memory remains fixed.
The adapter-shared memory is divided into two areas.
The same configuration file information used to open and set up the adapter is used to affect the size of the adapter-shared memory.
If you do need to change the values, keep them as small as possible.
You can use the PC Support configuration program to change these values.
When you add a link using the configuration program, each TRLI entry contains the name of the link you want established and the adapter address of the remote system you want to connect to.
For information on the configuration program, refer to Chapter 2, "Configuring PC Support with the Configuration Program."
You must know the adapter address of each of these systems.
It is the one you use most often from day to day.
The adapter address of this system is 1000A7001234.
The first parameter on the TRLI entry is the link name.
As each entry is processed, an attempt is made to communicate to the system with the specified adapter address.
The first link started (in this example, the department system) is always the default link.
This means that all the virtual print and transfer function requests are directed to this system.
You can create the alternative configuration file using the PC Support configuration file.
To do this, enter the STARTRTR command with the name of the configuration file.
When you set up the TRLI entry, you can specify an action to be performed on the link.
Specify the Release action to release a link.
When you are done using this printer, you may want to release any virtual printers you have assigned to it and then stop the link.
Then, complete the steps for adding a link, being sure to specify the Release action.
If this were also the default link, the router would search its link table for the first active link.
In this case, that is the DEPT link.
DEPT then becomes the new default link.
Press the Tab key to move to the next prompt.
IBM Token-Ring network adapter: This prompt does not have a default.
When you have more than one adapter installed in your personal computer, you must tell the router which adapter to use.
The primary adapter uses 0 as its adapter number.
The secondary adapter uses 1 as its number.
IBM Token-Ring Source SAP in hex: This prompt is optional.
You should specify the hexadecimal code for the value you want to use.
Specify the maximum number of systems you want to communicate with at one time.
IBM Token-Ring number of additional SAP stations: This prompt is optional.
If you plan to have other PC programs using the adapter, you should specify a value for this prompt.
Press the Enter key when you have entered values for the prompts you want to change.
If you are only changing the characteristics of your router connection and already have your link names and systems defined, exit the PC Support configuration program.
To exit, press F3 (Exit).
The Work with System Information menu is shown.
The menu shows your current router configuration.
To add a link, select option 2 (Add link).
The Add link window is shown.
Enter values for the prompts in the window.
The following list describes the prompts and the values you can supply for each.
The actual identifier in the configuration file is shown in parentheses.
Press F1 (Help) for additional information when necessary.
Link name: This is a required value.
System address: This is a required value.
The address consists of 12 hexadecimal characters.
This number cannot be zero.
User ID: This prompt is optional.
Use the same user identification you would use to sign on a work station.
The value can be from 1 to 10 characters.
If you choose not to specify a value, the router uses the default user ID.
Enter a value from 0 to 127.
If you do not specify a value, the adapter default value is used.
This value is used by the local area network.
Press the Enter key after you have completed the appropriate prompts.
Select Change from the action bar.
Select option 1 (Change link) and press the Enter key.
Change the values for the appropriate prompts shown in the window.
Refer to the descriptions above.
When you have completed the prompts, press the Enter key.
To delete a link, make sure the appropriate link is highlighted on the Work with System Information window.
Press F10 (Actions) and select Change from the action bar.
Select option 3 (Delete link).
If the window contains the name of the link you want to delete, press the Enter key.
If not, press Esc (Cancel).
To add a system, make sure the appropriate link is highlighted on the Work with System Information menu.
Press F10 (Actions) on the Work with System Information menu.
System name Type the name of the system you want to add to the link.
If you do not specify a user ID, your default user ID is used.
If you do specify a value for this parameter, it should be from 1 to 8 characters long.
When you press the Enter key, the window is removed and the word (default) is shown after the system name on the display.
Press the Enter key after you have supplied values for the prompts.
To save the changes you have made, press F10 (Actions) and select Exit from the action bar.
All of the message function commands run on the default link that has been set up by the router.
STARTMSG configuration file where: configuration file is the name of a configuration file that contains the entry:
The format of this command is:
The following diagram shows how this works.
In most cases, the program you need was installed when PC Support was installed.
You cannot use the 5250 router unless the adapter handler is loaded.
You can operate PC Support using the information provided or you can change the information using the configuration program.
Select option 3 (System information).
If one link has already been defined, you will not be able to select this option.
Enter values for the following prompts: Link name: This is a required value.
Work station address: This prompt is required.
The entry must be unique on the twinaxial port where the personal computer is connected.
Specify the same user ID you would use to sign on a work station.
The value can be from 1 to 10 characters long.
If you do not enter a value, the common user ID is used.
To change a link, make sure the link you want to change is highlighted.
Enter the new values for Link name, Work station address, and User ID.
To delete a link, make sure the link you want to delete is highlighted.
A window is shown with the name of the link you are about to delete.
Press the Enter key if the link name is correct.
To add a system name to a link, make sure the link you want to add the system to is highlighted.
Select option 4 (Add system).
Enter values for the following prompts: System name: This prompt is required.
Enter the name of the system you want to connect to.
Use the same user ID you use to sign on to a work station.
Press F9 (Additional Parameters) and select option 1 (Assign) or option 2 (Release).
The default is to have the system assigned.
When you have finished entering values for the prompts, press the Enter key.
Select option 1 (Save and exit) to save the changes you have made.
If there are errors, they are displayed.
In addition to displaying the logical and physical link information, the line errors encountered by the router are also displayed.
For example, if you enter the STARTRTR command with /D, the following information may appear on your display:
The error notify option is available to notify you of errors that may occur while you are using the system.
You can turn the error notify option on or off by entering the STARTRTR command with the /B parameter.
You can use the configuration program to set up your SDLC router connection.
The identifier associated with each prompt is shown in parentheses.
Press F1 (Help) for additional help information when needed.
Select option 3 (Multiple point network) if you are connecting your personal computer to a line that has multiple work stations attached to that line.
Maximum value for this prompt is 20 characters.
This value specifies the speed at which the line operates if the modem has the rate select feature.
Full speed indicates the line operates at 100% of the selected data rate for the modem.
Press the Enter key after you have supplied values for the appropriate prompts.
You can define only one link for the SDLC router.
If you have already defined a link, you are not able to select this option.
Enter values for the following prompts: Link name: This is a name previously configured on the host system.
The name can be from 1 to 8 characters long, and it must be unique.
Local station address: Type the address by which the personal computer is known to the host system.
If it is left blank, your default user ID is used.
Time-out value: This parameter is optional.
Specify a value from 5 to 40 seconds.
If the maximum number of times is reached before a connection is established, the connection attempt fails.
Values for this parameter can range from 1 to 255 attempts.
If you specify 255 for this parameter and 40 for the Time-out value parameter, the connection request is allowed a total of 170 minutes (40 seconds x 255 attempts).
Connect timer: This parameter is optional.
The descriptions for the prompts are listed under the steps for adding a link.
To delete a link, make sure the link name (not a system name) you want to delete is highlighted.
Press the Enter key if the name is correct.
Press the Enter key after you have finished entering values for the prompts.
When you make the connection, press the Enter key to inform the router that you have made the connection.
If you cannot make the connection, you can press the Esc key.
The SDLC router needs to know if your modem supports the automatic dial function.
To use the automatic dial feature of the SDLC router, you should use the PC Support configuration program to specify the automatic dial command and number.
Then you can use the automatic dial function of the SDLC router.
The SDLC router needs to know if your modem provides this function.
The router displays any error messages that come back from the modem.
The router displays this message:
Try the call again later.
Press Esc to stop waiting.
The method used depends on the modem used.
When the applications have finished running, you should enter the STOPRTR command on your personal computer to end the communications link.
There are several temporary line errors and permanent line errors that can occur when using the SDLC or PC Support asynchronous router.
Occurs when an SDLC link error has occurred.
Occurs when the SDLC router receives an unexpected command from the host system.
This is a permanent link error.
The error notify option is a feature that sounds an alarm on your personal computer when either a temporary or permanent error is logged.
For example, if you entered STARTRTR /d, the following information may appear on your display:
Asynchronous data transmission is a means of sending information across a communications link between two computers or between a computer and a device, such as an ASCII work station.
You can use the configuration program to set up your PC Support asynchronous router connection.
Enter values for the prompts displayed.
The identifier associated with each prompt follows in parentheses.
This value identifies the port number in the personal computer that the router uses.
This value is the number of data bits per byte.
The modem initialization string allows the user to tailor how the modem operates once the asynchronous router is started.
The maximum number of characters for this value is 80.
If you selected 8 as your number of data bits, the parity setting is ignored.
Press the Enter key after you have completed the prompts.
You can define only one link with the asynchronous router.
If you have already defined a link, you cannot select this option.
Press F9 (Additional Parameters) and select option 1 (Assign) to have the system assigned or option 2 (Release) to have the system released.
If you have an automatic dial modem, you can use the automatic dial functions of the PC Support asynchronous router.
You are then prompted for your user ID and password.
When the STARTRTR command is run from the DOS prompt, the STARTRTR command checks to see if your asynchronous link is already running.
For example, if you entered STARTRTR/, the following information may appear on the display:
The following is an example using the attention (AT) command set.
To start the program, enter the following command at the DOS prompt:
All other keys are sent to the modem.
This can be done with the DOS MODE command.
At the DOS prompt enter:
Messages similar to the following are shown:
Enter modem commands. Press Esc when finished. When you see these messages, enter the following information from the DOS prompt:
As each key is typed, the character is sent to the modem.
When you press the Enter key, the modem processes the command and returns a result code.
OK: This indicates that the command was recognized and processed without any errors.
When all commands and data have been entered, press the Esc key.
The display for this example looks like this: 10.0 Chapter 10.
You can use a batch command or interactive displays to operate the remove PC Support function.
The PC Support User's Guide for DOS contains detailed information about using the remove PC Support function.
This section describes how to configure the remove PC Support function.
You can use the PC Support configuration program described in Chapter 2, "Configuring PC Support with the Configuration Program" to change the path from which the remove PC Support function program is started.
This is referred to as the run path for the function.
You can change the run path using the PC Support configuration program.
Therefore, some commands are not as useful as others.
You can do this from the PC Support menu or from the DOS command line prompt.
This information in the following section describes how to configure the submit remote command function.
The PC Support update function does this for you automatically when you start PC Support.
It is important that you run the PC Support update function as a part of starting PC Support because this function gives you the correct level of PC Support programs.
PC Support uses the PCS directory as its default directory.
If you do this, you must tell the PC Support update function to update the PC Support files in the requested directory.
The PC Support update function replaces only the programs that you have in the requested directory on your personal computer.
This could be the PCS directory or a directory of your own.
All files found in the requested directory on your personal computer are checked with the corresponding files in the source directory and are updated if the time and date are different.
If necessary, the update function will tell you to start your personal computer again.
Because the PC Support update function provides you with the correct level of code, it is important that you run the update function as part of starting PC Support.
For example, you could use the PC Support editor.
You should run the PC Support update function on the other working diskettes that contain PC Support programs.
This parameter is optional and, if specified, must be an existing directory.
If not specified, the current drive and directory are used.
/L indicates that the programs that should be updated are to be listed and not updated.
This is an optional parameter.
If the time and date are different from the host system file time and date, the file is updated.
If /L was not specified, the files were updated successfully.
These printers are known as virtual printers.
In most cases, virtual printers are not physically attached to your personal computer.
Personal printers can be physically attached to your personal computer.
The following diagram shows how the virtual printer is set up in this example.
Press F10 (Actions) and select the Change option from the action list.
The Add printer definition window is shown near the bottom of the display.
A default name is provided.
You can use the name provided or change it.
For this example, the name SYSTEM1 is used.
Use the Down Arrow key, Tab key, or Page Down key to move to the next set of prompts.
If you select a library, you must also select a printer file in that library.
For this example, a printer file library is not used.
Printer file: Enter the name of the printer file you want to use.
Use a printer file when you need to specify special values that cannot be set up with the virtual printer function.
In this example, it is assumed a PC application sending PC data (ASCII data) has been used.
The prompts on the following displays are optional.
Default values do not appear on the configuration displays.
If you leave a prompt blank, the automatic configuration program supplies a default value for the prompt.
Press the Enter key after you have completed the necessary prompts.
Press F3 (Exit) and select option 1 (Save and exit).
This information will help you set up work station function printers using the work station function configuration program (CFGWSF).
Select option 2 (Work Station Function Configuration) from the window.
Press F10 (Action) and select Create from the list of options in the action list.
Type the name you want to give the printer session profile.
Press F4 (Prompt) for a list of names you can use.
Move the cursor to the printer function table IBM4019PFT when the list is shown, and press the Enter key.
Press F10 (Actions) and select Printer options from the action list.
Select option 1 (Printer hardware characteristics).
The first of several displays containing printer hardware options is shown.
For this example, * Select option 2 (No) for the Prompt to change font option.
Press F3 (Exit) and select option 1 (Save Session and Add to a Master).
Press the Enter key to verify the session profile name.
Press the Enter key to use the default master profile name, or type the name you want to use for a master profile and then press the Enter key.
Press F3 (Exit) and select option 1 (Save Master Profile and Return).
You must restart work station function before you can use the work station printer session.
Printer function tables define the personal printer functions to the work station function printer session.
Make a copy of the printer function table to be used.
Change to drive I and then type the following at the DOS prompt:
Press the Enter key when the logo screen is displayed.
The Printer Function Table Tasks window is shown.
Type the name of the printer function table to use in the Table Name prompt and press the Enter key.
Enter the initial control sequence for your personal printer.
This information is found in the printer's technical reference manual.
Press the Esc key to exit.
Using a combination of the virtual printer function and the work station function allows several users to share a personal printer.
Select the Work Station Function Configuration option.
Select the Create Session Profile option.
Type the name you want to give the printer session profile in the window shown on the Work Station Function Configuration menu.
Then, press F4 (Prompt) to display a list of the printer function table names.
Move the cursor to the printer function table IBM4019PFT and press the Enter key.
When you press the Enter key, the list is removed and the table name is shown in the Printer function table file name prompt.
The S and the work station function printer session number is added to the end of the user ID.
If you want to change your printer hardware characteristics, press F10 (Actions), select Printer options from the action list, and then select option 1 (Printer hardware characteristics) from the window shown.
Enter new values for the characteristics you want to change.
Press F3 to exit and then select the option to Save Master Profile and Return.
When ASCII data is selected for this option, most of the remaining prompts on the display are not used.
When you have completed the necessary prompts, press the Enter key.
PC Support/36 work station feature session profiles, keyboard profiles, and master profiles.
You change these files and profiles with the configuration file support program and the work station function configuration program.
If you issue a command that uses one of these files or programs, PC Support may issue an error message.
EMLI identifier: the link name, work station address, and user ID parameters have been added to this identifier.
The following identifiers have been added:
For example, only systems attached to the same IBM Token-Ring Network as your personal computer can have a link attachment to your personal computer.
If your personal computer connection is twinaxial, you can have only one link attachment.
The ADRS identifier is used to add system attachments.
ADRS identifies the system attachment and the link attachment system to be used.
For example, you already have the maximum number (32) of active names in the router internal system name table, and you want to use a system that is not in the table.
The formats for these identifiers are:
You must specify a remote system name parameter on the ADRS entry for the system with which you have a link.
Refer to Appendix D, "Configuring PC Support Using the Editor," for more information on how to specify a remote system name parameter on the ADRS entry.
When using multiple systems with PC Support, the systems should be at the same security level.
You can use the STARTRTR command to use the message function on a remote system.
Refer to Appendix D, "Configuring PC Support Using the Editor," for the format of this entry.
If no match is found, the router looks at the remote system names (if any are currently set up by the router).
The message function is active on only one system at a time.
You would have started the router with the following entry in your configuration file:
Or, you can start the message function on the DEPT system by entering one of the following commands from the DOS command prompt:
The shared folders function supplies a parameter on the FSPC ASSIGN command that allows you to directly access a folder on a system by typing the following command:
If no match is found here, the router looks at the system names if any are currently set up by the router.
Use the configuration program with the PC Support editor to enter information (in the form of a four-character identifier) directly into a PC Support configuration file.
The editor provides prompts and help information for adding, changing, or deleting identifiers.
This appendix explains how to use the PC Support editor with the configuration program to change the way PC Support operates.
If you do not want to edit your configuration files directly, see Chapter 2, "Configuring PC Support with the Configuration Program" for information about using the PC Support configuration program.
You can use the PC Support editor with the configuration program to change the information in your PC Support configuration file.
Press the Enter key when the IBM logo is shown.
If the file exists, the contents of the file are shown.
If the file does not exist, a display is shown where you can enter the name of another configuration file.
Press the Enter key to select the option PC Support editor.
A display similar to the following is shown:
Press the Enter key to select the file shown on the display, or type the name of the file you want to edit and then press the Enter key.
When you press the Enter key, the contents of the specified file are shown on your display.
Once you have started the configuration program and the PC Support editor, and leave displayed the contents of the file you want to change, you can begin editing the file.
Use the Identifiers option in the action list at the top of the edit display to add identifiers to the file you are editing.
Some identifiers can only appear once in a file.
If you try to add a second entry, you will receive an error message.
Select the Identifiers option from the action list.
A window is shown containing several options.
Select option 1 (Router) to display the router identifiers.
Select option 2 (Virtual Printer) to display the virtual printer function identifiers.
Select option 3 (Message Function) to display the message function identifiers.
Select option 4 (Organizer) to display the organizer function identifiers.
Select option 5 (Shared Folders Support) to display the shared folders function identifiers.
For example, the identifiers for changing translation tables, display type or speed, are listed here as well as the software interrupt number.
Select an option or enter a value for the prompts.
Press the Esc key to remove the list of identifiers.
Type Exit and press the Enter key to return to the editing display.
To help you change an identifier already existing in the file you are editing, the editor displays the prompt and the parameters you can select for that identifier when you press F4 (Prompt).
When you press the Enter key, the window is removed and the new option or value is shown next to the identifier in the file.
Before you can move or copy text in a file, you have to mark it.
Move or copy the marked text.
You can move a line of text or a block of text to another location in the file you are editing.
You can copy text from one part of the file you are editing to another part.
You will not be able to copy them.
If you try to copy it to another part of the file, you will receive an error message.
A blank line is inserted into the file.
You can delete one line at a time from a file you are editing.
If there is only one line in the file, you cannot delete it.
Press the Shift key and then press the F9 key.
The line is deleted and the lines following it move up in the file.
This section contains three examples of editing a configuration file using the PC Support editor.
You can use PC Support with its default configuration, or you can change it to meet your specific needs.
The display should look similar to the following:
The identifier group option list is shown.
Option 1 (Router) is highlighted.
Press the Enter key to select option 1 (Router).
Type your user ID on the input line and press the Enter key.
When you press the Enter key, the window containing the prompt is removed.
Select option 1 (Save configuration file and return).
The ADRS entry applies to all router types.
The PC Support editor provides prompts and online help information to help you edit the configuration files.
As you decide which identifiers you want to use for each function, you can record them on the work sheets.
The identifiers in the router group are used to control the communications between the personal computer and the host system.
You need to look at your environment and equipment to determine if you need to add the optional identifiers.
Used as the system name.
More than one identifier can be specified.
Used to refer to the link between your personal computer and the host system.
You must enter this address.
The following TRLI values are optional:
The numeric value can be from 0 to 127.
The value 0 is assumed.
Change the default value of 10 to 2.
This value specifies the number of times to try a transmission when attempting to make a connection to the host system.
This value specifies the time period used to determine an inactive condition for the controller.
You can select 7 or 8.
You can select 1 or 2.
Use these identifiers when using the shared folders function (except type 0).
The following identifiers allow you to specify the size and location of the shared folders function cache and communications buffer.
You receive a message instead if you select 1.
The identifiers in this group are used by the message function to control the sending, displaying, and receiving of messages.
If you are using work station function, message function is not necessary.
The identifiers in this group are used by the organizer function on the personal computer.
The identifiers in this group are used to change translation tables, identify monitor type and writing speed, and change the program interrupt number.
The following information is needed to configure the shared folders function identifiers on your personal computer.
The following information is needed to configure the virtual printer identifiers on your personal computer.
The following information is needed to configure the message function identifiers on your personal computer.
The following information is needed to configure the organizer identifiers on your personal computer.
The identifiers in this group are used by more than one function.
The following information is needed to configure the SDLC router identifiers on your personal computer.
These identifiers can be used with any shared folders function type except type 0.
If the DSPL display type or display speed is not specified, PC Support uses the value appropriate for your personal computer display.
Before you set up your work station function configuration, you should decide how many display and printer sessions you want, the characteristics you want each session to have, and the type of keyboard style you want to use.
You do not have to create names for the master and session profiles.
The configuration program provides names for all profiles.
You can use the names and record them on the work sheet as you run the configuration program, or you can assign your own names.
An example of a completed work sheet is also provided to help guide you through the configuration process.
The following work sheets are examples of what completed work station function configuration work sheets may look like.
The session profile work sheet consists of two sections.
The first section shows which options were selected for basic display session configuration.
The second section shows which options were selected for basic printer session configuration.
The following information is needed for the display sessions you create.
If you choose to create your own keyboard profile, choose a keyboard type.
For the master profile, you provide the following information:
You should know how many sessions you want and their names.
Record them on the following table:
Use the work sheets in this section to record the basic configuration information needed to operate work station function.
The information you supply here will help you set up your master profiles, session profiles, and keyboard profile.
Use the following sections to record the options you want for all sessions, for graphics sessions, and for printer sessions.
You need the following information for each session you create.
The list that is shown for the attached printer depends on the device you select.
Use these work sheets to record the names you are giving to your master profiles and to your session profiles.
Use this work sheet to record your session profile names.
Do not configure more sessions than the personal computer can support.
You might also want to run other applications in personal computer mode while work station function is resident in the personal computer memory.
The memory required depends on the application.
Refer to the PC Support Planning and Installation Guide for DOS for more information on program storage sizes.
Use the work sheets in this section to record your advanced work station function configuration information.
The information you supply will help you specify the individual characteristics you want each display session and printer session to have.
The following table contains the options for printer hardware characteristics.
The following table contains options for the 5219 Printer.
The following table contains options for parallel-attached printers (printers attached to the printer adapter).
The following table contains options for serial-attached printers (printers attached to the asynchronous communications adapter).
The following table contains options for changing the printer initialization string.
The following table contains printer queue options.
The following table contains options for keyboard sets.
Also, the numbers that identify such a location.
The IBM licensed program that provides system functions to an attached personal computer.
A method of communications supported by the operating system that allows an exchange of data with a remote device, using either a start-stop line or an X.25 line.
Asynchronous communications includes the file transfer support and the interactive terminal facility support.
The common user ID of a PC Support user is the same on each host system that the router is connecting to the personal computer.
A function of the operating system that allows an application program or user on one system to use database files stored on remote systems.
The systems must be connected by a communications network, and the remote systems must also be using DDM.
Enhanced 5250 Emulation.
The work station can be one display station, two display stations, or one display station and one printer.
A type of local area network that is supported by the Operating System/400* licensed program.
A generic term for the object type that refers to a database file, a device file, or a save file.
The description includes the name, data type, field length, and format of the data file.
A folder is used to group related documents and to find documents by name.
A library groups related objects, and allows the user to find objects by name.
The system-recognized identifier for the object type is *LIB.
A description of how data is to be presented to or received from a program.
This type of database file contains no data, but it defines record formats for one or more physical files.
All addressable storage where programs are run.
A function of the operating system that controls which system resources are available to users.
A list on which messages are placed when they are sent to a person or program.
Information on the display screen that explains displays, messages, and programs.
Operating System/400 (OS/400).
To move up the data shown on the display, which allows the user to move toward the end of the data.
To move down the data shown on the display, which allows the user to move toward the beginning of the data.
A file stored on a personal computer.
PC text-assist function.
A description of how data is to be presented to or received from a program and how data is actually stored in the database.
A physical file contains one record format and one or more members.
A device file that determines what attributes printed output will have.
A particular printer may or may not support all of the attributes specified in a printer file.
If there is more than one directory on a disk, the root directory can also contain the names of each of the other directories.
The root directory is created by DOS when the disk is formatted.
A person assigned to control all of the security authorizations provided with the system.
A symbol, number, or letter written immediately below and to the right or left of another character.
A system object that contains information defining the characteristics of an operating environment controlled by the system.
The table can be used for translation of data being moved between the system and a device.
See also user profile name.
The network name is usually the same as the user profile name, but does not need to be.
Also known as user ID.
Both of these parameters are one-byte constants.
CY1RSZ is the size of a row in any of the tables.
CY1CSZ is the size of an element in a row and can be used to move from column to column within a row.
65535 is divided by 8192.
The first word or the "top" of the queue contains the address of the first output message block held for that line.
The second word or the "bottom" of the queue contains the address of the last or only output message block held for that line.
Restart time to zeros.
The last byte contains an "FF" as indicator entries in that table.
The first byte contains the number of one-byte entries in that table.
The second word is used to store the address of the active input message block.
The device areas will contain the queues for the particular device, the error fields, and the data collection count fields.
It may be either a read command or a write command.
This is the configuration when a line is started.
The method used allows testing to be done under VM/370.
There is one record for each possible record type in the system.
There is one set of information for each block type in the system.
The information in this chapter is intended to be used along with the communications programming information found in the Communications:
There are also example programs for the RPG/400 and COBOL/400 languages.
After pressing the Help key on any menu, you can press the Help key a second time to see an explanation of how the online information works, including the index search function.
You can press either the Help key or F1 for help.
Field Extended Field help explains the field on which the cursor is positioned when you press the Help key.
Extended help appears if you press the Help key when the cursor is outside the areas for which field help is available.
You return to the display on which you pressed the Help key.
To see extended help for the command, type the command on any command line and press the Help key.
To use the online education, press F13 (User support) on any system menu to show the User Support menu.
To use the Q &amp;A function, press F13 (User support) on any system menu to show the User Support menu.
Then select the option to use the question-and-answer function.
Refer to these manuals for network-dependent information.
Architecture Logic for LU Type 6.2, SC30-3269 SNA Format and Protocol Reference Manual:
Default security values for Line Rows.
High level language I/O operations.
Actions for return code 0000.
Example of user values, row 6.
DDS source for the display device file.
The applications can be written using either DDS keywords or system-supplied formats and can send or receive up to 32,767 characters of data per record.
Display station pass-through, refer to the Communications User's Guide for additional information.
Network problem management is performed using the management services support.
These configuration requirements are discussed in Chapter 4 and in the Communications User's Guide.
They can all be active on the line at the same time.
If an APPC communications type is configured to use X.25 support, then multiple remote systems can be active at the same time.
See chapter 4 for a description of configuration.
The network can also be more complex as in figure 2-2 and figure 2-3.
The size of your network can be as small or as large as you decide.
This name consists of two parts, a network identifier and a control point name.
This name identifies each system to all other systems in the network.
Refer to chapter 4 and to chapter 7 for additional information.
See chapter 7 for additional switched line considerations.
Generic location naming allows you to configure a location name ending with an * (asterisk).
See the Communications User's Guide for a complete description of line configuration.
If this is not done, sessions using the same class-of-service name may use transmission groups with different characteristics.
See "APPC Security Considerations" in topic 7.4 for security information related to device descriptions automatically created by the system.
For information that is common across multiple communications types, refer to the Communications User's Guide.
It includes defining communications descriptions and remote system considerations.
In the following parameter descriptions, the IBM-supplied value is shown as the default.
This name is used, along with the local network ID, to identify the local system.
Specify the 1- to 8-character name assigned to your system.
Specify the default local location name for the system.
Use the IBM-supplied mode description named BLANK.
Specify the 1- to 8-character name of a mode description.
Valid values are 2 to 512.
See chapter 7 for a description of performance considerations.
A valid value is 0 to 255.
Each name consists of a network identifier and a control point name.
The following sections describe when location lists are needed.
To have the location entry updated with the new information, you must delete the entry in the list and then enter it again, or use the change command to change the entry in the list.
A local location list defines the names of the locations that are defined on the local system.
Each system in a network has one local network ID and one control point name.
The local control point name is also a local location name (automatically defined to the system).
In addition, each system has a default location name, which can be the same as the control point name.
There can be only one local location list on the system.
You can enter 50 entries by using the command.
Contains a short description for each local entry.
Not all remote locations need to be defined in the remote location list.
Location passwords needed between a local location and a remote location.
A directory entry is required for:
Configuration list type (TYPE) specify the type of location list being created.
This parameter provides a display that allows you to specify up to 1,898 remote location entries.
You can enter up to 50 entries by using the command.
The generic location name is used to allow one directory entry to be defined for all locations, on a single control point, whose name matches the characters preceding the *.
See "APPC Security Considerations" for additional information about security.
Specify *YES or *NO for the local location to allow the remote location to verify user passwords when sending program start requests to the local location.
The default is *NO.
Specify *YES or *NO if the connection between the local location and the remote location is a single session connection.
This parameter is valid only when single-session-location is specified as *YES.
Specify a short description for each remote entry.
For more detailed information about defining communications descriptions, and the configuration process, see Communications User's Guide.
You can also refer to the online information available during the configuration process.
The following commands are used to create or change line descriptions:
After the line descriptions have been created, these attributes can be changed.
Specifies that the link speed is based on the type of interface defined for the line.
This parameter is only valid for SDLC and X.25 lines.
The default used is based on the line and connection type.
Specify a value from 0 to 255.
The security specified here is not related to the system user ID and password security.
There is no security on the line.
The delay is based on the protocol used and the physical connection.
This field is used to describe any unique characteristics of the line that you want control over.
This value is required for an SDLC switched line.
The first character is always 0.
The second character is the physical unit type of the host.
The last 10 characters are host dependent.
If they do not match, the connection is not established.
Specifies the remote network identifier.
The network has no name.
Specifies the remote control-point name.
Specify the hexadecimal value, 8 digits long (using the hexadecimal digits 0 through F) that identifies this controller.
The 8-digit hexadecimal value used to identify the remote control point during exchange identifier processing.
These parameters are also specified in the controller description.
See chapter 7 for more information.
This value means that this controller supports control-point-to-control-point sessions.
This value means that this controller does not support control-point-to-control-point sessions.
A value of 1 is used for the transmission group number.
Specify a value from 1 to 20 for the transmission group number.
The device description describes the characteristics of the logical connection between two locations (the local location and the remote location) in the network.
The device descriptions exist only at the end points (the local location and the remote location) of a session.
The name of the device description created will be the same as the remote location name.
Once created and varied on, these device descriptions are like any other device description on the system.
A device description that is automatically created is also automatically varied on.
If an existing device description can be used but it is not varied on, the device description will be automatically varied on.
Specify the device description name.
Your location is considered the local location.
This name is also used by the remote locations to identify your location.
If the remote system is:
This name appears in system messages at both the local and remote systems to help associate messages with a particular location.
The remote network name is taken from the network attributes.
A maximum of 14 mode names can be specified.
The mode name is specified in the network attributes.
Specify the 8 character mode name for this mode entry.
No mode names will be added to the devices automatically.
The user must add all mode names to the device manually.
The default address is hex 00.
Specify the two hexadecimal character address for this location.
Valid location addresses are from hex 00 through hex FF.
Multiple devices can be defined with an address of hex 00.
When the APPC device being defined is attached to an APPC controller, specify hex 00 for the location address.
Multiple sessions over one or more attached modes are allowed.
This may be required by the remote system with which you are communicating.
The single session is controlled by the remote location.
The single session is controlled by this local location.
Do not establish the session when the connection is made.
The single session is established at connection time.
You must enter the value as the hexadecimal equivalent of the password characters; therefore, an even number of characters must be specified.
A mode with the same name must exist at both end points (the local location and the remote location) of a session.
When you specify BLANK it results in a mode name of 8 blank characters.
Specify the class-of-service name.
The maximum number of active sessions allowed is 8.
Specify a value, 1 through 512, to specify the maximum number of sessions.
Each session configured here requires system storage resources.
See chapter 5 for a description of controlling modes.
A minimum of four sessions is used as locally controlled sessions for this mode entry.
Specify a value, 0 through 512, to specify the number of locally controlled sessions to be used.
Once the mode is started, additional sessions may be established as needed.
No session is established when the connection is made.
Some systems perform better if this is a large multiple.
See appendix C for the values in the IBM-supplied class-of-service descriptions.
Eight sets of values, or rows, must be defined for each class-of-service description.
Refer to Appendix C for additional information on class-of-service support.
Specifies the lowest transmission priority for this class-of-service description.
Row n for lines (ROW1LINE through ROW8LINE) Specify the list of line-related values used for this row, which can be from row 1 through row 8, of the class-of-service description.
The rows must be defined in sequence (row 1 first, then row 2, and so on).
The list entries are the following:
The weight can range from 0 to 255.
The value specified here is dependent on the row you are specifying.
The value for row 1 must always be the lowest, row 2 is next, then row 3, and so on, with the last row specified always the highest.
The value specified here must be less than or equal to the maximum link speed specified for the same line row.
The default maximum is *MAX for all line rows.
The value specified here must be greater than or equal to the minimum link speed specified for the same line row.
The default value is 0 for all line rows.
The security level specified here must be at an equal or lower level than the maximum security level specified for the same line row.
Specify your own line connection value from 0 through 255, with the default being 0 for all line rows.
The values specified for the user-defined parameters are used when all other values selected for a line row are equal.
These values allow you to determine which line row will be used.
The value specified here must be less than or equal to that specified for the maximum user-defined 1 entry.
Maximum user-defined 1:
Specify your own line connection value from 0 through 255, with the default being 255 for all line rows.
The value specified here must be equal to or greater than that specified for the minimum user-defined 2 entry.
All of the list entries have provided defaults.
Valid values are 0 to 255 with 0 being the default.
Refer to the Communications User's Guide, for additional information.
The object is varied on.
Only the specified objects are varied.
Do not wait for vary on completion.
This section contains information about controlling modes.
Once a mode is started, sessions can be established between the local location and remote location using the started mode.
If you specify any of the other values for the MODE parameter, the specified mode is started and attached to the appropriate device description associated with the remote location if it is not already attached.
Specifies that the device description will be determined by the system.
Specify the name of the device description.
See appendix F for more details.
Specifies that the mode specified in the network attributes is used.
Specifies all modes currently in use for the remote location are to be started.
Specifies that the local location name will be determined by the system.
Specifies that the default local location name specified in the network attributes is to be used.
Specify the name of your location.
The local location name is specified if you want to indicate a specific local location name for the remote location.
Specifies that the system selects the remote network ID.
Specifies that the remote network ID specified in the network attributes is used.
Specify the name of the remote network ID.
However, a local session maximum of zero does not prevent a switched connection from being made.
Specifies all modes currently in use by the remote location are to be ended.
Specify the name of the remote network ID used.
Specifies that requested activities currently in progress at the remote location can complete; activities that have been requested, but not started at the remote location will not be performed.
Specifies that all requested activities be allowed to complete before the mode is ended.
The resulting session maximum value is the current session maximum.
The current session maximum, which controls how many sessions can be active between the local and remote location, is not changed if the command fails.
This command is normally used by the system operator to control the number of sessions that can be active at the same time with a remote location.
This command is used only when the specified remote location and mode are active.
If the current number of active sessions is less than the maximum number specified, sessions may not be established until jobs requiring them are started.
The number specified the last time the command was issued is the current local session maximum value.
If a vary off of the device description associated with the specified remote location is in progress, this command ends with an error.
When this command is used to reduce the number of sessions with a remote location, the sessions that are ended first are the available locally controlled sessions, followed by any other available sessions.
The device associated with the remote location is used.
Specify the name of a device description that is associated with the remote location.
Specifies that the mode name specified in the network attributes is used.
Specify a value, no more than 8 characters, used to identify the mode that is changed.
This value represents the desired maximum session number for the specified mode name.
Valid values for this parameter are 1 through 512.
The local location name that is in the network attributes is used.
Specify the local location if you want to indicate a specific local location name for the remote location.
The system selects the remote network ID.
The remote network ID specified in the network attributes is used.
Specify the name (8 characters maximum) of the mode whose status is being displayed for the specified device.
Specifies that the mode name of 8 blank characters is displayed.
The output is shown (if requested by an interactive job) or printed with the job's spooled output (if requested by a batch job).
The output is printed with the job's spooled output on a printer.
This display shows the following information:
Mode name of the mode description.
Mode status: Status of the mode.
One of the following may be displayed in this field:
Only the local system can start the mode.
Either the mode is in the initial state (not yet started), or it has been ended by the remote system.
Either the local or the remote system may attempt to start the mode.
Device name: Name of the APPC device.
Device status: Status of the APPC device.
Number for device: Can be one of the following:
Local number of locally controlled sessions configured.
Local current minimum number of locally controlled sessions on this device.
Remote current minimum number of remotely controlled sessions on this device.
Local current active number of locally controlled sessions for this location.
This display shows the device name and status.
From this display you may also select option 5 (Display details) for a selected mode.
Sending and/or receiving information by writing or reading to a program device.
The chapter also includes a description of the read and write operations that specify a record format containing specific communication functions.
Refer to appendix B for more information about return codes and to the appropriate language reference manuals for more information about the high-level language file status.
For more information about the language interface, refer to the appropriate language reference manual.
Before running application programs on your system you must define the proper application environment.
This interface is made up of a set of commands and operations.
The commands allow you to manage the attributes of the file and the operations allow a program to use the file.
Commands allow you to create, delete, change and display the file description.
The following commands are valid for APPC applications.
This command allows you to delete a file from the system.
This command displays the file description of any file on the system.
The information may be printed or displayed.
This command displays the description of the fields in any file on the system.
This command allows you to permanently add a program device entry that contains a program device name, remote location information, and session level attributes.
Refer to the CL Reference, for the syntax of the commands.
Enter the name by which the user program will refer to this communications session.
Enter the name of the remote location that should be associated with the program device.
Specify the name of the device that is associated with the remote location.
Specifies that the local location name specified in the system network attributes is used.
Specifies that the mode specified in the system network attributes is used.
Specifies that the remote network ID for the remote location should be used.
If several remote network IDs are associated with the remote location, the system automatically selects the remote network ID.
Specifies the remote network ID specified in the network attributes is used.
The program determines what record formats are selected.
The remote format name received from the sending system is used to do record selection.
Specifies that the system gives the length and general data stream identifier values that go before each section of user data in APPC communications.
The application gives the data portion of the general data stream on output operations and receives only the data portion of the general data stream on input operations.
Specifies that the application program gives the length and general data stream identifier values that go before each section of user data.
The application gives the length and general data stream values in the first 4 bytes of output data and receives the length and general data stream values in the first 4 bytes of input data.
In an APPC communications environment, no single system is responsible for the control of all sessions.
The application program does not directly interface to a session.
A locally controlled session is selected if one is available.
If no locally controlled session is available, then an available remotely controlled session will be used.
A session gives the application program a logical connection to the remote location.
Once the application program is connected to the session, it needs to establish communications with the target program.
The application program is responsible for, and only sends or receives, the user data portion of the data stream.
That is, these bytes are passed, as is, to or from the user buffer along with the other data on input and output operations.
Your programs do not need to blank fill the output buffer beyond that length.
The session is either controlled by your system (locally controlled), or controlled by the remote system (remotely controlled).
It is only valid when your program is not already communicating with another program on the same session.
The number and format of the parameters is defined by the target program.
To determine the total length of the data to be sent, use the following formula:
If you want the program initialization parameter data to be treated as individual parameters by the System/36, you should code your user buffer with each parameter separated by a comma.
Refer to "APPC Security Considerations" in topic 7.4 for information about APPC security.
Your program must be in send state.
If there is no data in the buffer to send, no operations are performed.
The confirm function causes any data currently held in the buffer to be sent, including any data on a write operation that specified the confirm function.
Your application program uses the read operation to obtain data or control information from the remote system.
The fail function causes an error code to be sent to the remote system, indicating that the fail function was issued.
No data can be sent with a fail function.
The last record before the fail function was issued is still sent to the remote program.
The record sent by the output operation should identify what the error is and where the remote program should start again.
Data received by APPC, but not yet given to the application program, is lost after a fail function has been received.
In either case, the program that issued the fail function should send, and the program that receives the fail must receive.
Otherwise, the program that was sending cannot determine which record failed or with which record it should begin sending again.
If both programs issue a fail function at the same time, the program that was receiving will be successful and should send.
The program that was sending will receive a fail return code.
The remote program, however, must decide whether to stop sending and when to stop.
Your program, in response to the return code, can then begin sending its data, perform other processing, or end.
Your program uses the get-attributes operation to determine the status of the session.
It can be issued at any time during a session.
If the release operation is not successful, the end-of-session function can be issued to end the session.
If the session is associated with a target program, the release operation only temporarily ends the connection to the program.
If the close operation is issued to a session associated with a target program, the connection to the program is only temporarily ended.
Your application program should take the appropriate recovery action.
The same messages are used whether the program is in send or receive state.
Mode: This field contains the name of the mode to which the session is attached.
Your program can do one of the following:
If it is a target program, end the session and continue local processing or go to end of job.
Another example would be a major code of 83.
In this case either the local system, remote system, or remote program has detected an error that may be recoverable.
If your program receives this return code, or any of the other fail return codes, it should perform an input operation to allow the remote program to send the appropriate error recovery information.
In this situation, the remote program is responsible for the necessary error recovery.
For this return code, your program is responsible for the necessary error recovery.
This causes the target program, with which the source program is going to communicate, to be started.
The target program always starts in the receive state.
A write operation issued with a fail function may also be used if your program is to send an error condition to the remote system.
When a program is in the receive state, it must continue to issue input operations until one of the following is received:
For example, any of the 80 major return codes.
The message is normal if there is no need for the target program to communicate with the source program.
No error is indicated because it is valid for a target program on one session to be a source program on another session.
The CPI9803 message contains the unit-of-work ID for the job.
Refer to appendix F, for information about specifying location information.
This allows your program to issue subsequent output operations.
If the receiving program performs complex processing on each record, the delay time can be significant.
The following information describes how the end-of-session, close, and release functions are used to end communications between your local program and the target program.
When a permanent session error occurs, the source program is responsible for recovery.
You can use the end-of-session function to end the session associated with a job.
In this case, the job is no longer shown as active.
The unit-of-work identifier can be found in three places within the system.
That message contains the job name and the unit-of-work identifier.
Select option 1 from the Display Job display to display the unit-of-work identifier.
The unit-of-work identifier shown at both systems will be the same.
Level 20: a password is required for the user to sign on; the user can access all system resources.
However, you can still use application level security if the remote system supports it.
This provides the security parameters (profile ID, password, or user ID) that the remote system might require.
The user ID must exist on the remote system.
Option indicators are allowed, and are required if the keyword is specified more than once for a format.
If the remote system allows a default user ID, it would accept this type of security request.
The field defined cannot be longer than 10 characters.
Profile ID cannot be specified when using system-supplied formats.
When specified for the user ID and security is to be sent to the remote system, APPC will use the user's profile on the local system to send in the security field.
If security is not to be sent, no user ID will be sent.
The user's password is not retrieved and sent.
If security is not to be sent, no password will be sent.
A valid user ID and password are supplied.
When local verification of the user ID is performed, only the user ID is passed between secure systems on the network.
Any user on a remote system having a user ID the same as a local user ID has access to the local system with all of the authority of the local user.
It is possible for an invalid password to be entered by a remote user.
The system identifies the error as an invalid password.
The resulting hexadecimal character is a 2.
Automatic disconnect of switched connections occurs when there are no sessions currently active for a particular controller.
The control points have previously established a control-point-to-control-point session over another parallel transmission group.
This timer is set when the controller is made active.
If there is no session activity, then the automatic disconnect process is started.
If a session is established and ended before the timer ends, the line will not disconnect until the timer ends.
If the timer ends while the session is active, the line will disconnect when the session ends.
In the first case, the link is available for use.
There are default values that are used for these characteristics.
When a session is requested from the System/36, the remote location name is used to find the location.
The following list provides the most common uses of the available information.
This information may be useful in determining the cause of network problems.
The values shown on the following displays are the default values.
The information to be displayed, printed, or stored depends on the options you select.
In addition, the directory includes the names of all remote control points for which there is information along with their locations.
This file must already exist on the system.
Library name :Specify the name of the library to be checked.
You may then select a job name from the displayed list.
If this file does not already exist, a new file, with the specified name, will be created.
This file can later be used with this command as an input file to display or print the stored information.
Library: Specify the name of the library that contains the file.
This is the default value.
If the specified member already exists, the new data replaces any existing data.
The requested data is displayed on the display station.
Position to: Specify all or part of the control point name at which to start the list of control point names.
A default network ID is displayed, however, you may change it.
If a NO is indicated for a control point, this means that the control point is not used for routing.
You may display additional characteristics of a displayed link by selecting option 5 (Display link characteristics) and pressing the Enter key.
If NO is indicated for a link, this means that the link is not used for routing.
User defined (1,2,3): Each field displays a value from 0 through 255 as defined by the user.
Position to: Specify all or part of the location name at which to start the list of location names.
It displays the names of all remote control points for which information exists in the local directory.
Type your options and press the Enter key.
Position to: Specify the location name at which to start the list of location names.
Using type: This prompt is only displayed when you press F11 (Sort by type).
When the Using type prompt is displayed, F11 changes to Sort by location.
This allows you to display the list again, this time, sorted by location name.
It can be one of the following values:
One or more of them may have already ended.
Figure 8-10.
Display Session Information Field definitions:
Data description specifications (DDS) processing keywords.
C/400 is case sensitive.
The following table lists the DDS keywords that are valid for APPC.
The following table lists all the keyword functions performed by the system-supplied formats that are valid for APPC.
Code Description/Action 0000 Description:
For output requests performed by your program, 0000 indicates that the last request completed successfully and that your program can continue.
If a confirm function was issued, the confirm completed successfully.
Your program has received some data on a successful input request.
Communications ended with the remote program, but the session with the remote system may still be active.
You should allow the remote program to send its data.
If an error was detected by your program, issue a fail function, or end your program.
On a successful input request, some data was received.
If an error is detected on any data received, issue a fail operation.
Communications have ended with the remote program, but the session with the remote system may still be active.
If an error was detected by your program, issue a fail function, or end.
On a successful input request, data was received.
If an error was detected by your program, issue a fail function or end.
Although communications have ended with the remote program, the session with the remote system may still be active.
Your job is being canceled (controlled).
Your program can continue processing.
If an error is detected, issue a fail function.
The data received is truncated.
The recommended action is to issue a fail function, perform the necessary error recovery, and then end your program.
Then, change your program so that the input record length is at least as long as the data record to be received.
Although the data received matches one of the record formats in the file, it does not match the format specified on the read operation.
Correct the program to issue an input operation that does not specify a record format name, or specify the correct record format name to process the data based on the format selection option for the file.
Perform any recovery associated with the description received.
Communications support may have ended.
The file cannot be opened until the necessary resources are available.
The communications support has not ended.
An open operation was tried, but an invalid open option was specified.
Once the problem has been corrected, open the file again.
If the open option specified is incorrect, close the file and issue the open operation again with a correct open option for the device you are trying to open.
An open operation was tried but an invalid open option was specified.
An open operation to a file was not successful because the file is already open or it is in error.
If the file is already open, close the file and end the program.
Remove the duplicate open operation from your program and issue the open operation again.
A cancel reply was received from the operator, program, or system default value for a previous inquiry or notify message.
The session is no longer active.
If your program was started by a received program start request, it can continue local processing or end.
Otherwise, your program can continue local processing or end.
If your program was started by a received program start request, it can continue local processing, or end.
For example, the remote program may have been canceled by the operator.
Verify that the data sent was correct.
Change the program to send the correct data.
Determine the cause of the problem and correct it.
An invalid program device name was detected.
The session was not started.
If the error is in your program, specify the correct program device name in your program.
The file may have previously been in error or the file could not be opened due to a system error.
No operations should be issued to the device.
If the device is in an error state, vary the device off and then on again.
Ensure that the remote system with which your program is communicating is another system that is using the correct APPC support.
Your program can continue local processing, or it can end.
Your program can continue local processing or close the file and end.
Otherwise, continue local processing or end the program.
The mode and its attached class of service must be configured on the system.
If the correct name was specified, vary off the specified remote location.
Verify that the attached class of service is defined on the system.
If it is not defined, either specify another defined class of service or define the class of service.
Your program can continue local processing, or close the file and end.
For authority errors, obtain authority to the device from your security officer or device owner.
End your program, then correct the file before starting the program again.
The session may have ended by a release operation or an end-of-session function being issued, or by a permanent error.
If it was, call the remote location to determine if the program is still in the remote system.
The operation just issued by your program was invalid or an invalid combination of operations was specified.
The session is still active.
A close was issued with a temporary close option.
Your program can try a different operation, issue a release operation, end-of-session function, or end.
Correct the error in your program before attempting to communicate with the remote program.
An invalid length or invalid data was specified on the operation.
Or, the program may have issued a read or write operation that specified a data length greater than the record format in the device file.
For an input operation, specify a length equal to or less than the format record length, or do not specify a length on the read operation.
A request-to-write function was issued while your program was sending data.
This function is not valid while your program is in send state.
Your program can issue an output operation to continue sending, issue an input operation to begin receiving, issue an end-of-session function to continue local processing, or end.
Correct the error in your program before attempting to communicate with another program.
Otherwise, issue an end-of-session function, then continue local processing or end your program.
Otherwise, you can issue an end-of-session function to end this session; then continue local processing or end.
Otherwise, issue an end-of-session function to end the session.
The operation was not performed.
For example, the program name was not included with the function.
No data has been truncated.
Data may have been lost.
The session is still active, and your program is in receive state.
The last logical record has been truncated.
An invalid input or output operation with a confirm function was detected in your program.
If your program is in receive state, issue the operation again without the confirm function.
If it was, call the remote location to determine if your access security information is still valid.
If it is, call the remote location to determine if the specified remote program is incorrect.
The remote program has sent a confirm request to your program.
Then check to see whether the record format is defined in the file definition.
Change your program (or record format) to issue a correct length on the output operation.
Your program issued an operation that did not complete the data record.
Change your program (or record format) to issue an operation that completes the data record and issue the operation again.
The reason code causes the associated message text to be sent to the local system operator message queue.
The requested function cannot be performed in the present state of the receiver.
A request to activate a network element or procedure was received, but the element or procedure was already active.
The specified mode name was not recognized by the LU.
It is not known when the resources will be made available.
Either the program is not authorized to run or the resources to run it are not available at this time.
The condition is not temporary.
For non-LU 6.2, no additional information is specified.
A requested resource is not available to service the given request.
A system logic error has been detected.
The primary logical unit is not currently receiving network services from a control point.
The requested function must be performed on an inactive resource, and the resource is active.
The function requested is not supported.
This is to cover a system error.
An LU cannot establish a session with itself.
The number of master characters is not within the valid range.
An error was detected while reading from, or writing on, the disk.
The reserved field is set to 1 or the setting is not defined.
The field that specifies the length of fixed-length parameters has an invalid setting.
C002: There has been a logical message services block-level error.
A002: Find not present on locate request.
B080 No CU80 on found.
These errors prevent delivery of the request to the intended component.
(See note 1.)
When a session is requested, a mode is specified.
If a link is acceptable, it is assigned the weight associated with that row.
This is also true if the link is not operational.
This may not be true if they are changed.
This session allows EN1 to send directory search requests to NN1 for remote locations not known by EN1.
There are also three user-defined values that can be defined, but these values are not shown in this example.
This row has a weight of 60.
Each line from NN1 to NN2 has a default user-defined value 1 of 128.
Rows 1 through 4 are shown in Figure C-5, rows 5 through 8 are shown in Figure C-6.
The transmission priority is high.
Rows 1 through 4 are shown in Figure C-11, rows 5 through 8 are shown in Figure C-12.
Also included in each section are the DDS and system-supplied format specifications.
For system-supplied formats, the remote program name is in positions 1 through 8 of the data buffer of the source program and the library name is in positions 25 through 32 of the same buffer.
For additional information on how to specify security refer to "APPC Security Considerations."
For system-supplied formats, the parameter data is specified in positions 57-xxxx of the data buffer of the source program.
Done with a write operation of a format with a data length greater than zero.
For system-supplied formats, the first 4 bytes of the output buffer of the application program contain the length of data to send.
Not supported by system-supplied formats.
The length of the record buffer must be at least 143 bytes.
For system-supplied formats, the first 4 bytes in the output buffer of the application program contains the length of data to send.
Names (such as location names), telephone numbers, exchange identifiers, and other values shown in the examples are for illustration only.
The values you assign to your configuration are dependent on your network requirements.
The example shows the commands as used within a CL program; the configuration can also be performed using the configuration menus.
The following attributes are defined by the example command:
Both these modes are supplied by IBM.
Note that the other location must also use one of these modes when communicating with this location.
The name specified here must match the name specified at the remote system for the local control point name.
The examples show these commands as used within a CL program; the configuration can also be performed using the configuration menus.
The following sections describe configuration for the network shown in Figure E-4.
The example shows the commands used within a CL program; the configuration can also be performed using the configuration menus.
The line used in this example is an SDLC switched line.
The remote system must specify the same value for the transmission group.
Creating the line description (distribution to Token-Ring network):
The RPG/400 inquiry program uses the following files:
The command needed to define the program device entry is:
The command used to create the display device file is:
The program then sets on the last record indicator, which ends the program.
The results are displayed and input is again requested.
Control then returns to 6.
If any other return code is received, the program goes to end-of-job 5.
The RPG/400 inquiry target program uses the following files:
The command used to create the database file (a physical file) is:
A read operation is issued to the program device to receive an inquiry request from the source program.
If the part number received is less than 10000, is called to send the error message to the source program.
If the part number is greater than 10000, the database file is read to find the part numbers and associated description.
This COBOL/400 program performs the same functions as the RPG/400 source inquiry program.
If the return code is other than a 0000 or 83C9, it ends the program.
Specify fields for the requested format.
Verify that this was intended.
Examples of how to use the table are included.
The next lower decimal number in the table is 512 in position 3.
The next lower number in the table from 26 is 16 in position 2.
The remaining 10 is found in position 1 of the table.
A method used to read a record from, or to write a record into a file.
An operation that makes a program device available for input or output operations.
An SNA command used to start a session on a logical unit.
A temporary connection between an application program and an APPC session in which the user must provide all the information on how the data is formatted.
A command used to start a session and define the characteristics of that session.
The function that ends the connection between a file and a program, and ends the processing.
The arrangement of devices and programs that make up a data processing system.
A method of processing in which the records in the file are read, written to, or deleted in the order in which they exist in a file.
An object that contains a description of the characteristics of a controller that is either directly attached to the system or attached to a communications line.
The system date when an object is created.
See also job date and system date.
A licensed program that operates on a host system, such as System/370, 30xx, or 43xx, which can be used in a communications network.
A command used to end a session on a logical unit.
An object that contains descriptions of how input data is to be presented to a program from internal storage and how output data is to be presented to internal storage from a program.
A description of the user's database or device files that is entered into the system in a fixed form.
A value supplied by the system that is used when no value is specified by the user, or the value specified by the user with the DFT keyword in DDS.
A system that can receive messages, documents or objects.
Information describing a particular device that is attached to the system.
A file that contains a description of how data is to be presented to a program from a device or how data is to be presented to the device from the program.
If the request is directed to the system that receives it, the request is processed on that system or on a personal computer directly attached to that system.
The support provided by the operating system to receive, forward, and send electronic mail in an SNA network.
The rules and structure for the exchange of information between office applications.
A request that replaces another request in which an error was detected.
Valid external indicators are U1 through U8.
In general, external objects can be displayed by a user.
A procedure that is not contained within a block.
Data contained in a file for which the fields and the records are described outside of the using program (such as with DDS, IDDU, SQL/400), and used by a program when the file is processed.
A file in which the record fields are described to the system when the file is created, and used by the program when the file is processed.
A generic term for the object type that refers to a data base file, a device file, or a set of related records treated as a unit.
To continue data onto the next line.
The characters common to object names that can be used to identify a group of objects.
A generic name ends with an * (asterisk.)
One of the locations in a logical connection in a network.
The primary or controlling computer in a communications network.
A device file that allows a program on one system to communicate with a program on another system.
A field specified in a display file or data base file that is used for data you supply.
A job started for a person who signs on to a work station.
An object that the system program uses to store the information needed to perform some system functions.
Internal objects cannot be displayed by a user.
A procedure that is contained within a block.
The date associated with a job.
The job date usually assumes the system date, but it can be changed by the user.
A system object that defines how a job is to be processed.
A system object that contains journal entries recorded when changes are made to the data in data base files or the access paths associated with the data base files.
Key field level specifications are permitted only for physical files or logical files.
Keywords are used for parameter names in some CL commands.
The result of processing DDS keywords in a record format specified on an operation.
A list that indicates which libraries are to be searched and the order in which they are to be searched.
The description of a communications line to the system.
A functional unit within the system that controls the operation of one or more directly attached input/output devices or communications lines.
For interactive jobs, the system to which the display device is directly attached.
A description of how data is to be presented to a program.
This type of data base file contains no data, but it defines formats for one or more physical files.
See also join logical file.
In data communications, a line type that requires operator actions to receive a call over a switched line.
In advanced program-to-program communications, a temporary connection between an application program and an APPC session in which the system must provide all the information on how the data is formatted.
A line or circuit connecting several stations.
A logical unit, a physical unit, or a system services control point.
A named unit that consists of a set of characteristics that describe the object and, in some cases, data.
A specific authority that controls what a system user can do to an entire object.
The name of an object.
The result of processing statements in a high-level language.
A field specified in a display file or data base file that is reserved for the information processed by a program.
A data transmission information unit.
A group of data and control characters, transferred as a unit, determined by the process of transmission.
A location that uses local addresses for routing and, therefore, is not affected by changes in network addresses.
One of three types of network addressable units.
A division of main or auxiliary storage.
A fixed value defined by IBM that has a special use in the control language and is reserved in OS/400.
The logical unit that contains the primary half-session for a particular logical unit to logical unit session.
The authority specifically given to a user for an object that overrides any other authorities, such as the authority of a user's group profile or an authorization list.
Data contained in a file for which the fields in the records are described in the program that processes the file.
A file for which the fields in the records are described only in the program that processes the file.
To the operating system, the record appears as a character string.
A set of rules controlling the communication and transfer of data between two or more devices in a communications system.
The authority given to users who do not have any specific (private) authority to an object, who are not on the authorization list (if one is specified for the object), and whose group profile has no specific authority to the object.
The name of the library containing the object and the name of the object.
A method of processing in which records can be read from, written to, or deleted from a file order requested by the program that is using them.
An operation that makes a program device not available for input/output operations.
A device or system, attached to a communications line, that controls the operation of one or more remote devices.
This record can contain a request, data, or both.
The record sent to respond to a request.
An entry in a subsystem description that specifies the program to be called to control a routing step that runs in the subsystem.
The logical unit that contains the secondary half-session for one logical unit-to-logical unit (LU-to-LU) session.
These specifications are permitted only in a logical file.
A method of processing in which records are read, written to, or deleted in the order determined by the value of the key field.
A command used to complete a session.
See Systems Network Architecture (SNA.)
SNA distribution services (SNADS.)
SNA LU session type 6.2 protocol.
See SNA distribution services (SNADS.)
The system function that saves data in a disk file for later processing or printing.
The order and location in which each device is connected to the system determines the physical address of the device.
The date assigned in the system values when the system is started.
It is used as a network attribute for certain communications applications, such as, APPC.
Control information for the operation of certain parts of the system.
A user can change the system value to define his working environment.
System date and library list are examples of system values.
A function of the operating system that processes most of the System/38 control language (CL) statements and programs to run System/38 application programs.
Systems Network Architecture distribution services.
A level set in the system at which a message is sent or an error-handling program is called.
In data communications, special characters that are included in a message to control communications over a data link.
Each defined transmission services profile is identified by a number.
In advanced program-to-program communications, a unique label assigned to the unit of work.
The ID is established when the program on the source system is started and is associated with each job started by that source system on the target system.
A device description that does not have hardware associated with it.
It is used to form a connection between a user and a physical work station attached to a remote system.
A virtual device can be a virtual display station or a virtual printer.
A work station controller description that has the characteristics of a locally attached work station controller but does not exist as hardware.
See virtual machine (VM.)
An output operation that sends a processed record to an output device or output file.
In data communications, a specification that defines ways of connecting two X.25 networks.
See also 3270 display emulation and 3270 printer emulation.
It contains command reference information and descriptions of the operator and general user tasks.
A work station link provides communications with a single remote work station.
On a switched line, a dial-up procedure from either end of the line can establish the connection.
The link uses a note template provided by your installation to create the note.
Link operators usually are also work station or printer operators but have added capability.
See Table 9 in topic A.7 for a list of the commands that can be used by work station operators and link-authorized alternate operators.
The panels allow users to see more information about a specific command or message at their terminal.
For more information about the SPOOL command, see topic A.55.2.
This new number is called the current spool ID.
The format of the ID card is:
A list processor is a special service link that processes files with distribution lists.
Here is your network with the files being sent:
The longer your distribution list, the more you save using the list processor.
The file must have the following format:
For example, if the personal message was three lines long, the count field would also be 3.
See page 17 for the time and place.
The following example illustrates sending spool output from a VM system to a remote 3270 Information Display System printer.
The user ID must be "SYSTEM."
Any printable data is truncated to the maximum print line length of the work station printer.
These needs supply the answers to such questions as:
Will the connections be made through switched or non-switched lines?
The following pages describe each of these steps in more detail.
You must load it into virtual storage before using it.
If an error had occurred, an error return code would have been included.
Ready(28); In this case, the Ready message includes an error return code in parentheses.
All others remain as they were.
In addition to starting an inactive link, you can use the START command to temporarily change the link attributes of an existing link.
What you specify on the START command remains in effect until the link becomes inactive.
Once that operator has issued the proper START command, you would see the following informational messages:
For link WRKSTN1, you will see:
You must specify a password for an auto-answer link.
Record the information in the message to help determine the nature of the problem.
An auto-start link can also be an auto-dial link.
(There are three automatic restart procedures described below).
A link may restart automatically under certain conditions.
However, file mode numbers 1, 2, 4, 5, and 6 are acceptable.
Do not use file mode numbers 0, 3, 7, 8, or 9.
For example, the printer may have run out of paper.
Each of these link types has common features and some have unique features.
The rest of this section describes these features and indicates on which link types they are available.
When printing the separator pages between jobs, many printers show the job name in large, block letters.
A message can usually fit in one buffer, but a file cannot.
The remote work station operator uses the:
START command to cause the link to begin processing files.
The following illustrates different ways to select forms.
Forms are ignored; no forms-change messages are produced.
If there are none, the first file in the queue is selected.
A is the "sequence number-END" message and B is the "END-sequence number" message.
The paper in the printer should be positioned one line below the perforation in the continuous form paper to initially set the top of a page.
The link will then issue a Forms Feed (instead of multiple New Line characters) to skip to the top of the next page.
Output processing at the remote work station can be interrupted at any point to allow the transmission of input data.
This field is required and must appear in columns 8 through 20.
Work Acceptable Values Default Station 2770 128, 256, or 512 128 2780 170 or 400 170 3770 256 256 3780 512 512 Note:
The buffer must be large enough to contain six bytes of control information and the characters to be printed.
One is the eight characters starting in column 16.
The other is the eight characters starting in column 25.
All other columns are ignored.
For more information about ports, see the descriptions of the: 6.0 Chapter 6.
From RESVM2:
Also, you know that these two files are not the same length and you want the longer one printed first.
If you try, you will receive error message 646E.
If this operator is logged on any one of his user IDs, there is not a problem.
The link could have been in one of several other states:
This response tells you how many files are in the queue for link PRINTER1.
This example shows two file states: sending and waiting.
Files can have the following states:
(See Table 10 in topic A.11.2 for a list of options.).
You need to know the local (or current) spool ID of the file.
Any subsequent failure on the link causes the retry procedure to begin again.
To help your operators analyze the state of your network, you may want to provide tools that can perform several tasks.
The second column tells you the message number.
Note that the last line has 0001 as the message number.
The first character tells you what kind of message line it is:
The last character is either an L or a blank.
The rest of the message lines contain the actual message information you requested.
Notice that the first five columns remain the same.
Lines 0012 and 0013 are different from the first 11 lines.
Line 0012 starts out like the previous 11 lines by having a three-character length (002) followed by two characters of data (11).
After that, you see:
D08D01*** When the three-character length field starts with the letter D, it indicates a dictionary term.
In the second column of line 0012, you see 0620, which tells you the message number.
This would allow you to send files out over the link, but would prevent others from sending files to you.
(See topic A.46 for more information about the SET command.).
For example, the SET command format is:
(See topic A.51.).
START has limited functional capabilities when issued by a link operator.
(See with topic A.51.).
Each of these commands has two formats: a VM user format and an operator format.
Since you are an authorized operator for another link, you must specify the link ID on the VM user format of the command.
Note the following about the first column of this table:
The comment command is available to all classes of users and operators.
The delimiter must be a period (.).
The CHANGE command has two formats.
All other operators must specify a link ID.
The options for the operator format are the same as for the VM user format, with one addition:
The name (or names) must be from one to four characters.
The maximum value of nnn (number of copies) is 255 (leading zeros are optional).
The maximum value is 255 (leading zeros are optional).
The name must be one to four characters.
Use this option when the operator changes the class or the forms on the printer while a file with multiple copies is printing.
Priority 1 is the highest and priority 9 is the lowest.
Valid addresses are X'0000' and X'0002' to X'1FFF'.
The value specified overrides a device address that may have been previously defined for the link.
It is ignored for all other link types.
Start-point can be any decimal number between 1 and 10,000; stop-point can be any decimal number between 0 and 9,999.
The start value must be greater than the stop value.
The following types can be specified:
You must specify the link type before using the START command to activate the link.
See the Usage Note below for a list of valid signs.
To specify a generic entry point name, specify an asterisk (*) as the last character of the name.
GSM016EP, GSM019EP, and GSM032EP.
If this option is not specified, only the current copy is deleted and the next copy, if any, is processed.
Only specific link IDs are allowed.
This value can be any decimal number from 1 to 999, with a default of 4.
For example, if you specified the following statement in your configuration file:
These trace records are identified by a two-digit hexadecimal number.
No new sessions will be allowed to start.
Any SNA-related initialization is then performed.
You must specify at least one filter, but you may specify more than one.
You can only specify one option.
To request specific information about a specific link, use one of these options:
If you specify a filter, you can only specify one.
If it becomes necessary to re-IPL, these addresses may change.
There are four possible states: starting, ready, stopping, or stopped.
Requests information about dial-up ports.
Requests information about files in the queue.
This information includes a summary of the files for each link.
(Only private messages cannot be shared..)
Requests information about the current shift number.
You must use a blank before and after sign to separate it from the option and the number.
Sign can be any one of the following:
You must separate the options and the signs with blanks.
(Remote work station operators cannot use the SET command..)
Only messages marked as private cannot be shared.
Specify at least one of the following:
This value must be less than the value specified for START.
When you do not specify a start value, it becomes 0 (zero) and it is automatically less than the stop value.
It can also be used to cause an active link to begin processing files of a specified set of classes or forms.
If the form name is *, files with any form are processed.
In addition, the work station operator is allowed to check and adjust forms alignment when changing forms.
The "name" can be one to eight characters in length.
The value specified overrides a value that may have been previously defined for the link.
This option is valid only when starting an inactive link.
For more information about the TRACE command, see topic A.53.
Each link type has its own operation parameters.
Only the first 16 and last 16 bytes in the data buffer are logged.
LOG is the default function.
General VM users can only transfer one file at a time.
The name(s) must be from one to four characters.
You must specify a user ID (or SYSTEM) if you also specify a priority.
There are three types of options: link options, system options, and user options.
Are determined by the installation.
Link Options for Printed Output to a 3270 Printer:
Carriage control (from the spool file records), and 2.
DEPT=department Is the one- to eight-character department identifier of the file.
This value can be from 1 to 8 characters.
This value may range from 1 to 31.
Link options for the 3800 include:
This value can be from 1 to 8 characters; you may specify it up to four times (once for each table.)
Each group can range from 1 to 255.
You may specify it up to eight times, indicating eight copy groups.
This value can range from 1 to 255.
This value can be 0, 1, 2, or 3.
VM provides for one copy group, while MVS provides for eight copy groups.
Specify the message identifier in one of the following formats:
The operation parameters for an ASCII-type link and the START command to be specified are:
This specification overrides the link-type that may have been previously defined for the link.
If no type was previously defined for the link, this field must be specified.
Any parameters not specified will assume the default values indicated below.
This parameter is a character string up to 80 bytes in length enclosed in quotes.
The following values are permitted:
This specification overrides the type that may have been previously defined for the link.
This value may range from 0 to 100.
This value may range from 1 to 32, with a default of 1.
Value is a character string up to 80 bytes in length enclosed in single quotes.
The minimum file size is one more than the maximum file size from the previous stream specification.
If there is no previous stream specification, there is no minimum file size.
This value may range from 300 to 32765 (bytes), with a default of 4096.
For other than a link on an auto-answer line, the host side of the link must be started first, before a remote station can sign on.
This may range from 300 to 1017 bytes, with a default of 400.
If SYSTEM= - JES2 or JES3, the identification consists of a one to eight character line password.
Only the characters listed below may be specified.
In general, the remote operator can issue commands that affect only his specific link.
This may range from 1 to 7, with a default of 2.
TYPE NOTIFY Is the name of the type of link.
(16) This value may be between 1 and 220.
All print lines are truncated at the length specified by this value.
The value may be from 0 to 99.
The following values are permitted: 3, 4, 6, or 8.
The manual describing the device tells what this default value is.
The operation parameters for an SNA3270P-type link and the START command to be specified are shown below.
TYPE SNA3270P Is the name of the type of the link.
NO should be specified for locally attached printers.
The 5210 printer accepts a number of print wheels that allow it to print in various size fonts.
NO must be specified for those printers and control units that do not support the 3270 CR (Carriage Return) order.
The operation parameters for an 3270P-type link and the START command to be specified are:
TYPE 3270P Is the name of the link-type.
The correct buffer size has to be specified to match the buffer size on the control unit being used.
YES is valid only for those printers and control units that also support the 3270 CR (Carriage Return) order.
The ASCII set consists of control characters and graphic characters.
An I/O interrupt caused by a terminal user pressing the attention key (or equivalent.)
For example, the primary VM system operator's virtual machine is automatically started during VM initialization.
In the IBM service process, there are many ways users can receive information they need to fix (change) a portion(s) of a product they are running on a VM system.
The line at the bottom of display panels that lets a user enter commands or panel selections.
A collection of objects that together form a separate functional unit.
The term may refer to a hardware or a software configuration.
A controlling logical unit can be either an application program or a device-type logical unit.
Service that IBM supplies on tape to correct a specific problem.
A command available to all VM users.
A set of logical records sent one after the other.
Double-byte character set.
A magnetic disk unit in the user's CMS virtual machine configuration.
A type of editing at a display terminal in which an entire screen of data is displayed at once and in which the user can access data through commands or by using a cursor.
Several files can be associated with a given element, but each file has the same file name.
A particular part of an IBM product that a customer can order separately.
In the 3800 Printing Subsystem, a buffer for controlling the vertical format of printed output.
A second operating system that runs on the user's primary operating system.
A VM control program in its capacity as manager of a virtual machine in which another operating system is running.
The initialization procedure that causes an operating system to begin operation.
A VM user must IPL the specific operating system into the virtual machine that will control the user's work.
The condition of a resource that has been active, but is not.
A job entry subsystem for MVS.
A unit of work within a network.
A link, however, is both logical and physical.
It provides communication between two end users, or between an end user and an LU services component.
LU-LU-session types 0, 1, 2, 3, 4, 6, and 7 are defined.
Logical Unit Type 0 (session.)
Concurrent transmission of parts of several files so that small files are not held up waiting for transmission of large files.
A person who operates a machine.
See also help panel and task panel.
A record in a print data set.
The access method that supports the 3800 Printing Subsystem Models 3 and 8.
The product identification code is unique to a given product, but does not identify the release level of that product.
The first machine to join a virtual machine group.
An operating system that provides for job input from and job output to remote work stations.
Also, a component of VM.
Changing a product after installation.
A 4096-byte buffer that contains control information, in addition to records.
A one-character class associated with each virtual unit record device.
The spool file class value can be A through Z or 0 through 9.
The spool ID number can be from 0001 to 9999; it is unique for each spool file.
This also includes any period of time that the virtual machine is running in disconnect mode.
The address of a location in virtual storage.
The virtual device type and I/O device address are usually defined in the VM directory.
The writing of console I/O on disk as a printer spool file instead of, or in addition to, having it typed or displayed at the virtual machine console.
When the console spool file is closed, it becomes a printer spool file.
Refers to the IBM 3284 Printer.
This manual refers to other IBM publications.
These publications are listed in this section with their full title and base order number.
COBOL/400 Reference, SC09-1240, which describes each component and feature of the COBOL/400 language.
For information about your display station, refer to:
New User's Guide, GC21-8211.
To find out more about the operating system and its control language, refer to these IBM publications:
The manual includes information on:
This information is contained in Application Development Tools:
Source Entry Utility User's Guide and Reference, SC09-1172.
The Structured Query Language (SQL), which allows you to insert SQL statements into COBOL/400 programs.
This information is contained in Programming:
Structured Query Language/400 Reference, SC21-9608.
Chapter 7 contains additional programming information.
Appendix C provides information about the level of language support for the COBOL/400 language.
After pressing the Help key on any menu, press the Help key a second time to see an explanation of how the online information works, including the index search function.
Licensed Programs and New Release Installation Guide, SC21-9878, which contains step-by-step procedures to use when you install the COBOL/400 licensed program on your system.
Additional support is provided for many high level features.
Procedures have been established for the maintenance of COBOL.
This licensed program also includes a number of IBM extensions to the standard.
Allows you to send or receive records from a work station.
This notation is designed to assist you in writing COBOL source statements.
COBOL keywords appear in uppercase letters; for example:
These operators are special character reserved words.
If you must choose one of the items, one item of the stack appears on the main path:
It is not a required delimiter.
The standard is presented first, because some programmers use the COBOL/400 language without IBM extensions.
The extension is then presented for those who do use them.
Use the Control Language (CL) functions to run your COBOL program.
For more information on CL commands, see the CL Reference.
For more information on running your program, see "Running Your COBOL Program" in topic 2.5.
These features allow you to monitor specific program operations during run time.
Running your object program.
You can enter your source program from diskette or tape by using the OS/400 copy function.
Refer to the CL Reference for more information on how to use the copy function for entry of the source program from diskette or tape.
Not all the entries provided below are required; most are provided for informational purposes only.
These 92 characters are made up of a 6-character sequence number, a 6-character date-last-modified area, and an 80-character data field.
If you want to use this additional field, create a source file with a record length of 102.
IBM supplies a source file where you can store your source records if you do not want to create your own file.
Syntax checking occurs line by line as you enter the source code.
Also, if a source line is entered or changed, up to 496 lines of source code can be syntax checked as one unit.
For more information about SQL statements, refer to the SQL/400 Reference.
Any time a source line is entered or changed, up to 496 lines of source code can be syntax checked as one unit.
The message at the bottom of the display screen refers to the first error in the unit.
This value is the default.
You can restore an object program to the previous release only.
You cannot restore an object program on a system that is more than one release lower.
No product library should be in the system portion of your library list.
Also, see the CL Reference for a detailed description of OS/400 object naming rules and for a complete description of OS/400 command syntax.
The type of screen you see is determined by the attributes set in your user profile.
Although only some of the function keys are displayed on any one screen, all of them are active and you can use them on any of the prompt screens showing the keywords.
Each parameter on this screen displays a default value.
Type over any items to set different values or options.
In the first position of the field and press Enter, or F4 (Prompt), to receive more detailed information.
The question mark must be followed by a blank.
This source file should have a record length of 92 or 102.
Specifies when a program is generated.
If errors occur in a program with a severity level greater than the value specified in this parameter, an object program is not generated.
For example, if you do not want a program generated if you have messages with a severity level of 20 or greater, specify 19 in this parameter.
Severity-level A one or two-digit number, 0 through 29, can be specified.
Allows you to enter text that briefly describes the program and its function.
The apostrophes are not part of the 50-character string.
Press F10 to display any additional parameters.
The parameters are displayed in the bottom portion of the screen.
The first-level error text is printed each time the error occurs.
Specifies the options to use when the object program is created.
Active records in the files are not affected.
The file should have a minimum record length of 132.
If a file with a record length less than 132 is specified, information is lost.
Specifies the minimum severity level of messages to be printed.
Specifies if a new program will be created when there is an existing object program of the same name in the same library.
Specifies that an object program is generated to run with the current release or the previous release of the OS/400 operating system.
The profile of either the program owner or the program user is used to run the program and control which objects can be used by the program (including what authority the program has for each object.)
Specify the USRPRF parameter to reflect the security requirements of your installation.
Specifies the authority granted to the public for the program and its description.
Position 7 must be left blank.
The remaining positions can be used as in COBOL source statements: positions 1 through 6 for sequence numbers, positions 73 through 80 for identification purposes.
Options can appear in any order.
Each COPY statement must be preceded by a space and followed by a period and a space.
The last encountered occurrence of an option overrides all preceding occurrences of that option.
The COPY statement must be followed by a period.
An Example of a COBOL/400 Source Listing Figure 2-16 displays the following fields:
The numbers appear to the left of the source program listing.
The numbers appear to the left of the source statements.
C Sequence error indicator column:
An S in this column indicates that the line is out of sequence.
E Change/date field:
The date the line was last modified is listed here.
It contains information about names in the COBOL source program.
G Level of data item:
The level number of the data item, as specified in the source program, is listed here.
The data name, as specified in the source program, is listed here.
The section where the item was defined is shown here through the use of the following codes:
The offset, in bytes, of the item from the level-01 group item is given here.
The decimal length of the item is listed here.
The data class type for the item is shown here through the use of the following codes:
The sequence number and column number are given for each time the message is issued.
The names are listed alphabetically.
The statement number where the name was defined within the source program is listed here.
An * following a statement number indicates that the item was modified in that statement.
The reference number is issued here (see note.)
When a message is issued for a record from a copy file, the number is preceded by a +.
The statement number and the reference number do not appear on certain messages that reference missing items.
These fields contain the message number and its associated severity level.
This field lists the total number of messages and the number of messages by severity level.
There are many ways to run a COBOL program, depending on how the program is written and who is using the program.
Any COBOL program can call another program with the COBOL CALL statement.
The menu shown in this figure is normally displayed by a control language program in which each option calls a separate COBOL program.
You can also create a command yourself to run a COBOL program by using a command definition.
See the CL Reference for more information about control language commands.
This data must be placed immediately following the CL CALL for the COBOL program.
If more data is requested than is available, the CL statement following the data is treated as input data.
When you run a COBOL program, run-time inquiry messages may be generated.
The messages require a response from you before the program continues running.
The following COBOL/400 inquiry messages can be added to the system reply list:
If a match occurs, the reply value in that entry is used.
If no entry exists for that inquiry message, a reply is required.
No special source code is required for using the OS/400 functions.
See the CL Reference for more information.
As well, you can use the same file name in the program for either testing or normal processing.
For normal processing, the test library should not be named in the library list for that job.
All testing functions are specified in the job that contains the program, not in the actual program.
The errors made most frequently by COBOL programmers are listed in this section.
(For example, your description is correct, but one or more records were entered incorrectly..)
Moving a data item whose subscript or index is too large, is negative, or is 0.
This may result in a decimal data error.
Do not use an index-name or index data-item as a subscript.
For more information on how to code variables in CL commands, see the CL Reference.
These commands are explained in the CL Reference.
This procedure is explained in more detail in the CL Reference.
A trace is a record of some or all of the statements run in a program.
If requested, a trace also records the values of specific variables used in the program statements.
You specify which statements the system will trace.
You can also specify that variables be displayed only when their value has changed since the last trace statement was run.
You can specify a trace of one statement in a program, a group of statements in a program, or all the statements in an entire program.
The value indicates the run status of the statement.
No START statements are specified for the file.
For database files, you may not see all changes as they occur, if the changes are made in different programs.
Both the D option and the F option will dump the first 256 characters of program variables.
Any variable greater than 256 characters will be truncated.
If you do not want a dump, specify C (cancel with no dump.)
Figure 3-7 shows an example of a COBOL formatted dump.
A dump is usually available if something goes wrong when you try to run your program.
The following list describes the areas of Figure 3-7 indicated by letters:
This information is produced only if at least one I-O operation has been processed.
This information is produced only if the program has files.
This chapter describes the COBOL/400 language extensions that support work stations and program-to-program communication.
The records in this file can be described to the COBOL program by the Format 2 COPY statement.
The program or the record format in the device file can provide output fields.
An output/input field is an output field that can be changed to become an input field.
Output/input fields are used when the user is to change or update the data that is written to the display from the program.
For a list of the valid data description specifications (DDS) keywords, see the DDS Reference.
Figure 4-1 shows an example of the DDS for a display device file:
The operating system provides device control information for performing input/output operations for the device.
In addition, the operating system can pass indicators to the program indicating which, if any, fields in the record have changed.
The operating system provides the necessary device control information to display the record.
The order in which the fields are displayed is based on the display positions (line numbers and positions) assigned to the fields in the DDS.
Therefore, the order in which the fields are specified in the DDS and the order in which they appear on the screen need not be the same.
Response indicators provide response information to a program from a device, such as function keys pressed by a work station user, and whether data has been entered.
If a Format 2 COPY statement is used to copy indicators into a source program, the indicators are defined in the order in which they are specified in the DDS for the file.
In a READ statement, the identifier size should be equal to the number of response indicators.
Figure 4-4 shows the associated DDS for the file.
The associated DDS for Figure 4-6 is Figure 4-4.
The associated DDS for the file is the same as Figure 4-7.
Indicator 99 will be set on when you press F3, and so on.
Data and indicator values are written to the work station screen.
The data description entries for the indicators are not generated because a separate indicator area has been specified for the file.
If you have pressed F5, IN51 is set on.
The use of such data items is not required.
The program processes one record at a time, but the operating system and the work station send and receive blocks of records.
For an example of the use of multiple device files, see Figure 4-13.
The program uses a display file, and is intended to be run in batch mode.
Example of the Use of Multiple Device Files + 2.
This variable is used to determine which program device was used to sign on.
Only the fields that are copied are named fields.
Refer to item 13.
If these files are program described, only simple display formatting can be performed.
All field-level descriptions are defined in the COBOL program.
This entry also specifies other information related to the file.
Format Device specifies the type of device associated with the file.
Data-name-6 is assumed to have the following format: 01 data-name-6.
(Record format) Data-name-6 must be 2, 12, or 22 characters long.
The information is in the fixed format as shown in the following example:
This clause is required in every file description entry.
The sections that follow describe the statements involved and their usage.
For a display file, the program device name must match the display device.
For more information about these commands, see the CL Reference.
The indicators can control how the record is displayed and the various data management functions.
When a data record is read, indicators can be read with it.
The indicators can be used to pass information about the data record and how it was entered into your program.
By defining a format using DDS, you determine what functions are to be controlled by indicators, and which indicators control a particular function.
The READ statement makes available a record from a device, using a named format.
Codes A through D are explained below.
Program processing stops until data becomes available.
The program device is assumed to be that single device.
Format 5 cannot be used for communications devices.
For all other cases, with the record following the record that was read by a previous read operation.
In this case, a value of 1 is assumed.
You must specify whether the write is before or after the roll, the range of lines you want to roll, how many lines you want to roll these lines, and whether the roll operation is up or down.
See the DDS Reference manual for more information on DDS keywords.
An initial screen format, FMT1, is written on the work station screen.
The program processes this screen format and is now ready to write the next screen format, FMT2, to the work station screen.
The contents of lines 14 through 18 now appear on lines 16 through 20.
The USE statement specifies procedures for input/output error handling that are in addition to the standard procedures provided by the input/output control system.
This message is displayed if indicator 99 is set to ON by the program.
In addition, this record format defines a function key that you can press to end the program.
When you press function key F3, indicator 15 is set to ON in the COBOL program.
This indicator is then used to end the program.
These constants identify the fields to be written out from the program.
All of these fields are described as output fields (blank in position 38) because they are filled in by the program; you do not enter any data into these fields.
To enter another customer number, press Enter in response to this record.
In addition to describing the constants, fields, and attributes for the screen, the record formats also define the line numbers and horizontal positions where the constants and fields are to be displayed.
The data description specifications (DDS) for the database file that is used by this program describe one record format:
The complete source listing for this program example is shown here.
This record prompts you to enter a customer number.
When you receive this message, the keyboard locks.
You must press the Reset key in response to this message to unlock the keyboard.
You can then enter another customer number.
You can enter another customer number or end the program.
To end the program, press F3, which sets on indicator 15 in the program.
The program then returns control to the individual who called the COBOL program.
XMPLE773 displays all the detail order records for the requested order number.
You end the program by pressing F12.
This display appears if there are detail order records for the customer whose order number was entered in the first display:
For the related DDS, see Figure 4-36.
If no customer record exists for a customer number, an error message is issued.
The output file has the identical order.
(In this case, no file status is set.)
Follow the parts of the diagram that apply to your statements.
All files used are defined to the operating system.
This file name points to the system file description:
For example, the device might be a printer; only the default line and page control or those defined in the DDS would be used:
At run time, checking occurs to ensure that the specifications within the COBOL program are valid for the file being processed.
Output spooling is valid for batch and interactive jobs.
The description of the file that is specified in COBOL by the system-name contains the specification for spooling as shown in the following example:
For example, you can direct the printer output to a different device, such as a diskette.
Not used at level-01 or level-77.
You must specify any overrides before the file is opened by the COBOL program.
The system uses the file override command to determine the file to open and the attributes of the file.
Then, before the COBOL program is run, the number of printed copies of output can be changed to 3.
The override command is as follows:
Device-dependent specifications in the COBOL program are ignored, and the defaults are taken by the system.
The COBOL programmer must ensure that file overrides are applied properly.
The operating system places the following lock states on database files when the files are opened by COBOL programs:
The shared-for-update lock state allows another user to open the file with shared-for-read or shared-for-update lock state.
For programs to share a database file, the file should be opened by the first program (the program with the highest call level in the stack) in a way that will allow subsequent programs to share the same file.
Another user can open the file but cannot use the same device.
When a database record is read by COBOL and the file is opened for I-O, a lock is placed on that record so that another program cannot update it.
If a logical file is based on more than one physical file, a lock is placed on one record in each physical file.
The single field will have the same name as the file, and will have the record length you specified in the create command.
The description includes information about the type of file, such as database or a device, and a description of each field and its attributes.
The description of the file to the operating system includes information about the type of file and the length of the records in the file.
If the same file is used by many programs, the fields can be defined once to the operating system, and then used by all the programs.
These specifications come from the external file description and from the OS/400 command you use to create the file.
At run time, a different library list or a file override command can be used so that a different file is accessed by the program.
Otherwise, a level check error will occur.
The record format specifications describe the fields in a record and the location of the fields in a record.
The fields are located in the record in the order specified in DDS.
The keys for a record format are specified in DDS.
In addition, DDS keywords can be used to:
See the DDS Reference for a complete list of the DDS keywords that are valid for a database file.
The following text describes some of the entries for this field reference file.
The field is edited when the record is written.
When DDS is not used to create the file, appropriate editing of the field in the COBOL program is also the user's responsibility.
Figure 7-4 shows the DDS for a logical file and Figure 7-5 shows the COBOL code generated.
Any field attributes specified in the DDS for the logical file override the attributes for the corresponding field in the physical file.
The definition of the fields in the physical file could refer to a field reference file.
When a field reference file is used, the same fields that are used in multiple record formats have to be defined only once in the field reference file.
For more information on a field reference file, see the Database Guide.
They do not make use of any DDS source statements for the file.
Library-name is optional.
If it is not specified, the current job library list is used as the default value.
The generated DDS entries represent the record format defined in the file.
If the file is a database file, a single I-O format is generated.
If I-O is specified, the generated data description entries contain either:
Database files never have indicators.
The record key entries that may appear in the table and the table heading are listed below.
The Indicator attribute specifies whether or not data description entries are generated for indicators.
If the Indicator attribute is specified, data description entries are generated for indicators, but not for data fields.
The data description entries that are generated are determined by which one of the usage attributes (I, O, or I-O) is specified or assumed in the COPY statement.
The fields can contain floating-point values set outside of COBOL.
No attempt must be made to use floating-point data for processing in the COBOL program.
This will give the floating-point fields in the record a value of zero.
For example: + 2.
Records are added only to the end of the file.
All record types in a file do not have to have the same key fields.
The key for a file is determined by the valid keys for the record types in that file.
If all record types in the file do not have the same key fields, the key for the file consists of the key fields common to all record types.
For example, a file has three record types and the key fields are defined as follows:
The default on the create file command is to request level checking.
The file must be created on the system before the program can run.
Use one of the Create File commands.
See the CL Reference for the commands.
DDS can be used with the Create File commands.
Specify a key in DDS when the file is created.
The record key in COBOL must match the key defined when the file was created.
For a complete description of these operations, see the COBOL/400 Reference.
Editing of field values is easily defined.
As a result, subsequent fields in the same format are printed on a new line.
All database files are created by OS/400 Create File commands.
See the Database Guide for a description of the Create File commands for database files.
The following table lists these characteristics and what controls them:
The DDS for the file specifies the fields to be used as the key field.
This keyword specifies that the keys defined in DDS for each record format are to be used for accessing the file.
They can be defined at different positions within the record format.
A generic START statement allows the use of a partial key.
For information on the use of format selector programs, refer to the Database Guide.
See the Database Guide for more information on logical file processing.
For a program-defined key field:
The key fields can begin at different positions in each record format.
See the "ASSIGN Clause" section of the COBOL/400 Reference for more information.
The file must be a physical file or a logical file where each member of the logical file is based on only one physical file member.
All physical database files that are opened for output are cleared.
The default format name of the file is the first format name defined in the file.
F1 A physical file opened for output is cleared.
(A locked record can only be modified within the same job and through the same physical or logical file.)
With a high lock level (*ALL), you cannot read locked records in a database file.
You can create a separate record to store data that may be useful should it become necessary to restart a job.
For more information about action taken by the system, see the Communications User's Guide.
Figure 7-25 gives an example of an error recovery procedure.
The main program is the first program in the run unit.
A run unit starts with the first COBOL program in the program stack and includes all programs (of any type) that are below it in the program stack.
Control returns to the (non-COBOL) program that called the main program.
Example of a Single Run Unit 1 No operation is processed because the statement is processed in a main program.
For all programs in the run unit, open files are closed.
Control returns to the program that is at call level n-1.
Example of Multiple Run Units 1 No operation is processed because the statement is processed in a main program.
Processing continues with the next statement in the main program.
All open files in run unit B are closed.
The local data area can be used to pass any desired information between programs in a job.
The system automatically creates a local data area for each job.
The local data area is defined outside the COBOL program as an area of 1024 bytes.
There is only one local data area associated with each job.
There is not a local data area for each work station.
See the COBOL/400 Reference for detailed syntax information.
A file cannot be received as a parameter in a COBOL program.
It does free the storage that contains information about the file.
The program can no longer use the file.
This can cause additional system storage to be used.
Two commands are provided to control the run-time switch.
To set the run-time switch on, enter the command:
You see the following screen:
If you press F24, the function keys shown at the bottom of the screen will change as shown below.
If you press F24 again, the following function keys are shown on the screen:
If you press F24 a third time, the function keys that were initially displayed will be shown again.
See "Run-Time Switch" for examples of how the function keys shown at the bottom of the screen change when you press F24.
The default for the run-time switch is off.
At the end of the run unit, all run-time switches that are on are set off.
Run-time switches for up to 15 programs can be on at once.
Following is an explanation of the notation used within the table:
This appendix provides a general description of messages that IBM supplies with the COBOL/400 licensed program.
In an interactive environment, messages are displayed on the work station screen.
The messages can also appear on request, as a result of a display command or an option on a menu.
The message text for CPF4101 follows:
The COBOL/400 messages listing gives the message identifier, severity, text, usually the location of the error, and the messages summary.
Message numbers are assigned as follows:
The COBOL/400 licensed program provides the following message severity levels:
Some manual action is required, such as entering a reply, changing printer forms, or replacing diskettes.
The OS/400 message facility is used to produce all messages.
If an IBM-supplied message must be changed and replaced in its message file, call your service representative.
Changing the severity could cancel a job not previously canceled.
Reserved words - new reserved words have been added.
I/O status - new I/O status values have been added.
If the COPY statement appears in a comment-entry, it is considered part of the comment-entry.
Otherwise, a quotation mark (") is used.
For example: -A 1 B.
See the COBOL/400 Reference for information on rules for formatting COBOL system-names, reserved words, and user-defined words such as data names and file names.
Use the EBCDIC character set instead.
Ensure that both the data description of the key and the key position within the file match those specified when you created the file.
You can use class conditions and switch status conditions as described in the COBOL/400 Reference.
The input data, including shift control characters, replaces the existing contents of the identifier.
COBOL does not perform editing or error checking on the data.
Information received replaces the existing contents.
COBOL does not perform any editing or checking for errors.
It does not make sure that this data is valid.
The system can follow either the EBCDIC or a user-defined collating sequence.
You must include the shift control characters when you write the data into a device file.
You cannot replace a character string with a string of a different length.
See the following examples for more information on how to do this.
You can check the COUNT data items to determine whether each receiving field received any characters.
Order the table according to the chosen collating sequence.
Use the Format 2 COPY statement to copy fields defined in the data description specifications (DDS).
In those cases, the system prints an O in the comment table for keys.
The actual decimal point appears in printed reports and requires a position in storage.
The arrangement of data in order from the lowest value of the key field to the highest value of the key field.
Contrast with actual decimal point.
A unit of data that is moved into or out of computer storage.
Same as a physical record.
An instruction that changes the sequence of instructions processed in a computer program.
Any of the following 51 characters of the COBOL character set:
One of two or more vertical positions of printed lines on a page.
A condition that is the result of connecting two or more conditions with the AND or the OR logical operator.
A statement that tests two or more relational expressions.
An expression in a program for which a value is determined at run time.
A data item, one or more values of which has a condition-name assigned to it.
A description of the user's database or device files that is entered into the system in a fixed form.
The description is then used to create files.
One of the four main parts of a COBOL program.
A user-defined word that names a data item.
The arrangement of data in order from the highest value of the key field to the lowest value of the key field.
The location in physical storage where a single digit is stored.
The amount of storage required may vary depending on the usage specified in the data description entry that defines the data item.
There are four double-byte character sets supported by the system:
A feature that allows you to call different programs using the CALL statement.
Data contained in a file for which the fields and the records are described outside of the program (such as with files created by DDS, IDDU, or the SQL/400 licensed program), that processes the file.
A file in which the records and fields are described to the system when the file is created, and used by the program when the file is processed.
A reserved word that represents a numeric or character value, or a string of repeated values.
A group of records that are related.
A record associated with a file whose file description entry or sort-merge description entry requires that all records contain the same number of character positions.
A file that records the key and the position of each record in a separate part of the file called an index.
The file structure that identifies each record by the value of one or more keys within that record.
A field specified in a display file or database file that is reserved for information supplied by a user.
A file that is opened in the I-O mode.
An open mode in which records can be read from, written to, or deleted from a file.
I/O status A two-character value indicating the resulting status of an input-output operation.
A user-defined word that names a library.
A 1024-byte data area that can be used to pass information between programs in a job.
The level number for a logical record is 01.
A key that can be made up of three record fields.
The actual numeric value to be used in processing, instead of the name of a field containing data.
A data item that must be numeric.
An open mode in which records can be written to the file.
For all other bytes, bits 0 through 3 represent one digit.
A unit of data that is moved into or out of the computer.
A file for which the fields in the records are described only in the programs that process the file.
A user-defined word that identifies a COBOL source program.
A communication area for the entire COBOL run unit.
A set of one or more object programs that run as a set to solve a problem.
A unit of self-contained text.
A control character (hex 0F) that indicates the end of a string of double-byte characters.
One of the conditions chosen from the set of: relational condition class condition condition-name condition switch-status condition sign condition.
A device file created with only one program device defined for it.
Printer files, diskette files and tape files are single device files.
A group of records of the same record format that can be displayed at the same time at a work station.
A condition that states that a switch is currently on or off.
A word, required by a clause or a statement, that must be supplied by the user in a clause or statement.
A user-defined word cannot be a reserved word.
A table element that is repeated a variable number of times.
Chapter 3 describes group jobs (which allow you to start many interactive jobs at one work station) and Attention key handling programs.
Chapter 5 gives examples of changing work management objects.
This includes information on how to create jobs and output queues.
It also includes information for all users about resource security.
It also contains examples of communications programs and describes return codes.
Device emulation is available for both displays and printers.
When the Operating System/400 (OS/400) licensed program is installed, it includes a work management environment that supports interactive, batch, and communications work, and spool processing.
These concepts and objects are described in more detail later in this chapter.
A batch job is started when the job is selected from the job queue.
A job started by a communications program start request from another machine is a communications batch job.
Job queues are not used when starting a communications batch job.
For output spooling, the system places output records produced by a program in a spooled output file.
One subsystem, called a controlling subsystem, is automatically started during the initial program load (IPL).
To use the system, each user must sign on with their user profile name.
The numbers refer to descriptions following the figure.
Network attributes apply to a network of systems, not just a single system.
Examples of system values are date, time, name of the controlling subsystem description, and maximum activity level of the system.
You can change these values to change system operation.
The run-time characteristics of a subsystem are defined in an object called a subsystem description.
It defines what jobs can run within a subsystem and how they can be run.
The subsystem takes on the simple name of the subsystem description.
You can use a subsystem description supplied with your system (with or without making changes to it), or you can create your own subsystem descriptions.)
When a job is started, the correct routing entry is selected by means of routing data.
In addition, a routing entry refers to another object called a class that contains parameters specifying the run-time environment for the routing step.
Any or all types of work entries can be specified in a single subsystem description.
A work station entry specifies one or a group of work stations from which interactive jobs can be started.
An interactive job starts when a work station user signs on, and ends when the user signs off.
Each job queue entry specifies one of the job queues from which the subsystem can select batch jobs.
A communications entry specifies one or a group of communications device descriptions by name or type, or a remote location name from which communicating batch jobs may be started.
For more information on communications functions, see the Communications User's Guide.
The program on the system which is to be started from another system is specified in a routing entry or in the routing data for the job.
Once the job is started, it is considered to be a batch job for accounting and identification purposes.
Figure 1-2 shows the relationship of the parts of a subsystem description in starting a routing step.
For interactive jobs, routing data comes from the job description.
The comparison value specifies data that is compared with routing data to determine which routing entry to use.
The routing data is compared with the comparison value of each routing entry in sequence number order until a match is found.
When a routing entry is found with a comparison value that matches the routing data, a routing step is started and the program specified in the routing entry is called.
The running control values in the class associated with the routing entry are used for the routing step, and the routing step runs in the storage pool specified in the routing entry.
More than one job in a subsystem can run in the same storage pool.
(All the subsystems supplied by IBM share the base storage pool.)
A storage pool does not have to be large enough to contain your programs.
The activity level of a storage pool is the number of jobs that can run at the same time in a storage pool.
During this delay, which is usually short, another job can run.
A subsystem must be active before work can be done in it.
During an IPL, a controlling subsystem is also started.
This controlling subsystem controls the console.
See the section on IBM-supplied objects in the System Reference Summary for a detailed description of these objects.
You can continue to use these objects or you can create your own.
All subsystem descriptions are shipped with *USE authority given to all users of the system.
This means that any user profile can run a job in any of the subsystems defined by the shipped subsystem descriptions.
However, anyone changing a subsystem description must be running under a user profile with *CHANGE authority for the subsystem description.
The user profiles shipped with the system are designed for the various types of system users.
For example, normal programmer functions are authorized to the QPGMR user profile; security officer functions are authorized to the QSECOFR user profile; and system operator functions are authorized to the QSYSOPR user profile.
The user profile associated with a job determines what system functions can be done by that job.
It is called during the running of most jobs that run on the system as it is shipped.
An initial program can be specified in a user profile.
The section on IBM-supplied objects in the System Reference Summary has complete descriptions of the shipped objects.
The console is the only work station that can be used during an attended IPL.
Therefore, if you assign another subsystem as the controlling subsystem, you must have a work station entry for the console in that subsystem description.
The default is to perform automatic configuration.
If you do not want the system to do this for you, enter the following command:
Specifies the name of the controlling subsystem description.
This is used to automatically start the controlling subsystem during every IPL.
You can change this to specify a different subsystem description, and it will be used on the next IPL.
Specifies what type of device names are to be assigned whenever the system automatically creates device descriptions.
The default is to use names like DSP01 for work stations and PRT01 for printers.
If you want to have names like W1 for work stations and P1 for printers, enter the following command:
Specifies how IPL is to occur.
The default is to not require passwords or authority.
Specifies whether users by default are to run in a special environment.
The default is to not run in a special environment.
This is the controlling subsystem.
It supports interactive, batch, and communications jobs.
It only supports signing on at the console.
This supports all interactive jobs (except at the console).
This supports all batch jobs.
Many of these cannot be changed while the subsystem is active.
The system default does not require a password.
The next few pages describe how work management uses the objects previously discussed from the time a subsystem is started to when the Main Menu is shown.
Figure 1-5 shows what normally occurs when a programmer signs on to the system as shipped.
The Main Menu appears because the programmer does not have an initial program.
The programmer can then specify commands or options from the menu to request functions of the system.
For interactive jobs, the job name is the same as the name of the work station you signed on to.
For batch jobs you can specify your own job name.
The job name can be up to 10 characters long.
For batch jobs you can specify the user profile under which the batch job is to run.
The job number is always 6 numeric digits.
For example you could specify the following:
Figure 1-7 shows the subsequent activity leading up to starting a routing step and displaying the Main Menu for a user profile specifying an initial program.
When a match is made, the program specified in the routing entry is called and the routing step is started.
Note the general description in the bottom portion of the figure.
A subsystem description can specify the maximum number of jobs (batch or interactive) that can be processed at the same time.
The number of jobs that can be active from any job queue can be specified in the job queue entry.
More than one subsystem description can refer to the same job queue, but only one active subsystem at a time can use the job queue as a source of batch jobs.
That is, the routing data is compared with the routing entries in the subsystem description.
For each job in the input stream, an entry is placed on a job queue.
The default of the command is to submit the job to run with the current user's user profile and some of the same job attributes.
If no job description is specified, the job description specified in your user profile is used.
A batch job on any job queue can be moved to a different queue.
See the section on IBM-supplied objects in the System Reference Summary, for a description of the spooling job descriptions.
The order (from highest to lowest) of detail is: device name entry, remote location name entry, device type entry.
Each mode on each device is allocated to a subsystem.
This chapter describes the work management objects (subsystem descriptions, job descriptions, and classes) and how they operate.
It also describes what objects are shipped with the system.
Examples and considerations of job starting and routing, and examples of creating your own subsystems are also described.
A subsystem description consists of three parts:
You add work entries to the subsystem description using the following commands:
To change or remove a specific type of work entry, or to change or remove routing entries, you use the following commands:
IBM-supplied subsystem descriptions are changed for controlling double-byte character set devices.
You do not need to change any subsystem descriptions.
No user jobs run in this storage pool.
This storage pool can be shared between subsystems.
A storage pool that runs interactive jobs.
This storage pool is defined if the initial program load (IPL) performance adjustment is set on.
There is a special type of job, called a subsystem monitor job, that controls all the activity in a subsystem.
It is the first job started when the subsystem starts, and the last to end when the subsystem is ending.
Storage for the subsystem monitor comes from pool 1 of the subsystem, but does not count toward an activity level.
The shipped default causes the storage for the subsystem monitor to come from the base storage pool.
For example, if, in the previous example, there was only 700K available, 300K would have been allocated to the first storage pool and 400K would have been allocated to the second storage pool.
You can specify an activity level for a storage pool.
For example, if a running job is waiting for a response from a work station, it gives up its activity level and the activity level is no longer at its maximum.
The job is automatically started each time the subsystem is started.
Jobs to be processed are taken from the specified job queue.
The job is processed when the subsystem receives a communications program start request from a remote system.
You can specify the following in these work entries (that are part of the subsystem description).
Parameter names are given in parentheses.
Set up the work station entries for the subsystems so that multiple subsystems are not using the same work stations.
When a user signs on to a device, his job runs in the subsystem that had the Sign On display displayed on the device.
The user's job continues to run in the first subsystem.
When the user signs off, the device remains allocated to the subsystem used when he signed on, and the Sign On display is displayed.
The name of the subsystem that currently has a work station allocated appears in the upper right corner of the Sign On display.
This field can be changed to function as an input/output buffer so the data specified on this portion of the display will be available to application programs when the interactive job is started.
The new fields must follow all other fields in the display file.
The length must total 128.
You can use more than 256 devices but you cannot specify more than 256 on this parameter.
For the best performance, you should specify no less than the maximum number of devices you want sign-on displays on (up to the maximum of 256).
You should use a test version of a subsystem to verify that the display is valid before attempting to change the controlling subsystem.
The data specified on the user portion of the Sign On display will be sent as replacement data in the CPF1124 message for interactive jobs.
This data starts in byte 133 of the replacement text.
The following program will retrieve the data:
A routing entry defines how a job is to be started.
When you add a routing entry to a subsystem description, you assign a sequence number to the entry.
This sequence number tells the subsystem the order in which routing entries are to be searched for a routing data match.
For example, you have a subsystem description containing the following five routing entries:
The routing entries are searched in sequence number order.
If the routing data is 'A', the search ends with routing entry.
When you define routing entries, they must be ordered from the most specific to the most general.
The following example shows a correct and incorrect way to define routing entries:
In the incorrect example, it is no longer possible to match routing entry 20 because any routing data that matches the comparison value for routing entry 20 matches the routing entry 10 first.
When a routing entry is changed or added to a subsystem description with a comparison value that causes this situation, the system sends a diagnostic message identifying the situation.
The program named in the routing entry is given control when the routing step for the job is started.
The default for the user profile the job is to use.
The job queue on which the job is to be placed (batch job only).
Priority of the job on the job queue (batch job only).
Data used to determine which routing entry to use for the job.
Data to be put on the job message queue.
The user part of the initial library list for the job.
The default printer device on which the spooled output files made by the job are to be printed.
The default output queue on which the spooled output files made by the job are to be placed.
This defaults to the output queue associated with the printer device.
Displays the contents of a job description.
For example, if you specified:
Also, if this type of job description is used on a work station entry, it allows anyone to sign on as that user just by pressing the Enter key.
It contains parameters to control the run-time environment of a job.
The maximum amount of temporary auxiliary storage (specified in K bytes) a job can use before it is ended by the system.
You can create your own classes.
If you change the attributes for a job that is on a job queue, the changes take effect when the job becomes active.
Jobs (work) on the job queue are then selected to run.
Running jobs that are to produce printed output place entries on an output queue (waiting line) to be printed.
This process is called spooling.
A subsystem selects jobs from a job queue for running.
Entries for the spooled output files made by jobs are placed on an output queue.
A writer selects the output from the queue for writing to an output device.
Both the job queue name and the default output queue name for a job are specified in the job description for the job.
Job queue entries in a subsystem description specify which job queues a subsystem is to receive jobs from.
Do not perform any syntax checking of the jobs in the input stream.
(Once the command has been specified, you can continue with other work.)
For a detailed description of these commands, see the CL Reference.
The CMD parameter gives the CL command that will run in the job.
The system automatically creates an output queue when you create a printer device (the same name is used).
The following shows what work management information is specified in the various work management objects.
Command names and parameter names are used to identify the information and where it is specified.
This is called routing the job.
Each time that a job causes a subsystem to search the routing table (for any reason) is called a routing step.
Most jobs will only have one routing step, but it is possible for some jobs to have many routing steps.
Pressing F3 from the highest level of the command entry display (only valid for interactive jobs.)
Each routing step in a started job operates under the control of the program called at the start of the routing step.
The routing data received by the system determines the routing entry in which the program name can be found.
If you define your own routing programs, you should consider running a user's initial program and/or menu.
The display has a 30-second time-out; therefore, if the work station user does not press a valid key (Enter, Help, or a valid function key) in the time-out period, the display is removed when the time ends.
The initial program specified in the user profile is called.
The user is placed in System/36 environment if specified in the user profile.
Your programs can be directly called to control the routing steps for interactive jobs.
You may want to provide functions such as an initial program and initial menu also.
After you have determined which program controls the routing step, you must determine if routing is to be based on the work station from which the job was started, or on the user (user profile) who signed on.
When an initial program is called, it cannot receive parameter values.
It can be used as the controlling program for the job.
The initial menu is not displayed.
The user can only request those functions available through the initial program.
For example, a menu could be displayed with specific application options.
The end user could only perform the functions on the menu.
One of the options would normally be sign off.
A job log is produced for the job.
No job log is produced.
If there is no library specified on the program start request, the subsystem library list is used to find the program.
The input stream in the database file was:
The called program may contain commands (including other CALL commands) to do the functions of an application.
You can submit a batch job in a running job (for example, submit a job from a display work station.)
A job name can be specified, but if it is not, it is assumed to be the same as the simple job description name.
For example, the system operator can submit a job that saves a database file.
The following example shows how to submit a batch program with a fixed parameter.
The following example shows how to submit a program with character-type parameter values that are passed to a CL program.
A display file is used to prompt the user.
The program prompts for the parameters and receives data from the display file.
You must also specify blanks, apostrophes, and parentheses that are to be included in the parameter to be passed.
If the following information was specified on the prompt:
The work station user should key in all alphabetic data (no leading digits) for this field.
It is received as a character variable in the CL program, and no special processing is required for the data.
The work station user could start with a digit when typing in the DEPT field (for example, 43T).
This is the wrong data type; the DEPT parameter must be character data.
However, in the CL program, you must specify four apostrophes.
The character variable must be long enough to contain this data.
(All numeric variables passed in from a processing program are passed as 15 5.)
If an error is detected during routing step starting, the routing step is started only to produce a job log and perform clean-up functions.
The routing step started message is still sent and gives the user the name of the subsystem in which the routing step failure occurred.
Either an interactive job or a batch job can be transferred to another subsystem.
However, to transfer a job, the user profile for the job must have *READ authority for the job queue and *USE authority for the subsystem description of the subsystem being transferred to.
When an interactive job is placed on a job queue, it is given the highest job queue priority to minimize any delay.
A batch job can transfer itself to another job queue.
In this case, the job queue need not be associated with an active subsystem, and it is placed on the job queue with its current job priority.
During the IPL, the system removes the job from the job queue and produces its job log.
This includes having the same job name and a single job log made for the job.
The routing program is often used only once per job.
If a call is from a user-written routing program, the return occurs as normal to the next instruction.
A job queue entry.
A work station entry.
Active jobs do not include jobs that are on a job queue waiting to be started, or jobs that have completed processing but are waiting for a spooled file to be printed.
These jobs are all active jobs.
For the storage pool activity level, the number of jobs running (or active jobs) refers to the number of jobs that have an activity level; that is, the jobs are actually running or they may be waiting for a disk I/O operation.
The following examples show the relationship of some of the activity controls.
The system activity level is assumed to be 100.
The activity level of the base storage pool is 3.
However, all the jobs are started.
Therefore, jobs will be processed in job priority one at a time off the job queue.
A change to this value takes effect at the next IPL unless the change is made by selecting "Define or change system at IPL menu" on the IPL options display during the IPL.
In that case, the change takes effect during the current IPL.
A subsystem description that does not contain a work station entry for the console cannot be started as a controlling subsystem.
To have an alternative source of controlling input, the subsystem description for the controlling subsystem should have an entry for another work station.
Then, if the subsystem description for the controlling subsystem contains a work station entry for another work station, that work station can be used.
All work stations that are not allocated by subsystems or jobs have test request processed by the controlling subsystem.
In the following example, objects are created for a subsystem in which interactive work is to be processed.
The subsystem description ORDER is created and placed in library QGPL.
When the subsystem ORDER is started, one storage pool with a size of 500K bytes is allocated.
The subsystem monitor programs called to handle the jobs in the subsystem ORDER use storage from pool 1, which is the shared base storage pool, but use machine pool activity level.
When the subsystem ORDER is started, DSP01 and DSP02 are allocated to ORDER.
The following command should be specified for any subsystem that has work station entries.
This pool is defined as the base storage pool.
In addition, there are commands to display the status of activities in the system.
You can use the following commands to monitor activity in the system:
Every job in the system operates under a job description.
This controls the various attributes of a job.
The USER parameter controls the name of the user profile that will be assigned to the job.
There are several considerations to this parameter.
The default is to use the job description specified in the user profile.
(No authority is needed to the actual user profile.)
Frequently, a specific name in the job description is required in order to let users submit work for a specific user profile.
This job description is created normally (the public is given *CHANGE authority).
It is valid to use these commands and name a job description that is not in existence at the time the command is entered.
However, the job description name and library are set at that time.
The user specified on the job description is ignored.
(If the job descriptions with specific names have public authority, then anyone can use them.)
This chapter describes how to start many interactive jobs at one work station using group job support.
How to start, handle, and end group jobs is described along with a sample application for group jobs.
This chapter also describes Attention key handling programs which allow you to go quickly from one group job to another.
When a request is repeated, the function can be called with all files open and the proper display displayed.
Group jobs are unique to a user (they are not shared by multiple users).
There is a 512-byte group data area that can be used to pass data between one group job and another.
(At this point the group has only one group job.)
Each group job is unique for a user.
Two different users do not share the same group job.
When a job is designated as a group job, it then has the capability to call a new group job.
To allow group jobs to communicate with each other, a special 512-byte data area called a group data area is automatically created when a job becomes a group job.
The use of group jobs does not require an Attention key menu approach as described in this section.
The following shows the relationship of group jobs to a secondary interactive job.
The same user profile and environment is used.
Up to 16 group jobs can exist at any one time.
It is possible to use group jobs together with system request for a total of 32 group jobs available for a single user.
However, these 32 jobs are in two separate groups, each group having its own group data area and other group attributes.
This can interrupt a logical sequence of events.
For example, records may be left locked.
The System Request function is always available if the work station user has authority to it.
Press the System Request key and start a secondary interactive job.
Use the group job approach as shown in the following example:
The menu can contain any options, but in this example, the options are the same as those shown on the Main Menu.
The attention handling menu allows him to select any of the functions in any sequence.
Note that the work station user cannot start two group jobs with the same group job name.
If the job specified a group job name that is already active, control is passed to that job (no new group job is started) and the initial group program parameter is ignored.
It is also possible to have several group jobs (having unique names) all doing the same function.
The Attention key cannot be pressed until the program requests input from the work station.
When the Attention key is pressed, the system saves the current display.
The complete listing for this example is shown later in this chapter.
When the Attention key is pressed, the running job is interrupted, the display is saved, and the Attention key handling program is called.
No parameters are passed to the Attention key handling program when it is called.
You may also specify an Attention key handling program in the user profile.
Program A continues to be the Attention key handling program until step 3.
Pressing the Attention key causes these programs to be interrupted at any point by the Attention key handling program.
A BASIC session is in progress, or a BASIC program is called.
After the BASIC program ends, your Attention key handling program takes effect again.
Therefore, the interrupted program is not protected by any locks it held.
Attention key handling programs do not have the authority adopted by the program that was in progress before the Attention key was pressed.
This could cause unexpected results.
The Attention key handling program allows only a fixed set of options.
The work station user determines the options.
This is the method used in the example earlier in this chapter.
In that example, the user can only select from the options on the menu.
A menu is displayed to the work station user with the following options:
Because this program will display a menu, it is called an Attention key menu program.
The system determines if the group job already exists.
If it does not, the group job is started and the initial group program is used.
The system determines if the group job is already active; if it is not, the system starts the group job and calls the initial program.
This provides a display of the current group jobs and allows the work station user to transfer to any group job.
This approach can be useful for programmers because it allows them to call several group jobs and to specify what command should be run.
For example, assume that the work station user specifies the following commands or runs them as part of a standard setup program:
For example, assume the work station user specified the command:
The work station user can now use the programmer menu.
If the Attention key is pressed again, the display would show:
On this display, the jobs are shown in the order they were called.
If a user written menu is displayed, an input field on the menu for the group job name could also be considered.
This would display all the standard programs and allow the user to add group jobs.
The programmer can add additional group jobs if necessary.
In the following example, the programmer has the following standard group jobs:
In this approach, each programmer has a unique initial program.
The group job data area is used to pass the command to be run.
From this display, the programmer can change and add additional group jobs.
To add another standard group job requires only two additional commands be added to the initial program and no changes to the other programs.
The command is not run immediately, but is stored in a variable in the program.
The program returns to the previous group job.
The user will transfer to the STRWP1 group job.
This allows the programmer to transfer to an existing group job or start a new group job.
Pressing the Exit key does not end the SRTWP1 group job.
The active group job is the first one in the list.
The program starts by trying to access the name of the second group job (starts in position 67) and if it is not blank, it ended the group job.
In all previous examples, the work station user was allowed to go to any function from any other function.
An alternative is to have the work station user always return to the main program.
For example, assume that the user may have a group job where there is a complex update involved and you want to be sure the job is ended normally.
That is, when the switch is set on, the group jobs function should be ended.
This will end the group job and return control to the previous active group job.
Use job queues to do long-running functions in a batch environment.
Add more job queues.
Create your own interactive or batch subsystems.
If an initial program is specified, that program is called.
If control returns from the initial program, a check is made for an initial menu.
If one is specified in the user profile, it is displayed.
You can specify an initial program or an initial menu on the Sign On display if your user profile allows this.
You can use request data in a job description to call a program.
In this case, if the work station user has an initial program associated with his user profile, that initial program is called.
However, if there is no initial program associated with the user profile, the request data is processed and the specified program is called.
To specify an initial program in a user profile, you use the Create User Profile (CRTUSRPRF) command:
You can call them with your own program.
This program can display a menu that allows work station users to select the application they want to run.
If you do not end the initial program, the program continues to run until the subsystem is ended or the job is ended.
The initial menu will continue to be displayed until you sign off.
When you use routing data to determine a controlling program for a work station, you need to create a job description that specifies the routing data, add a work station entry to the subsystem description, and add a routing entry to the subsystem description.
(In order to change the subsystem description, the subsystem must be inactive.)
If someone signs on at work station DSP03 with user name DSP03USER, the program DSP03MENU is called.
If DSP03USER is used to sign on at another work station that does not have a special work station entry set up, the initial menu is displayed.
You can also allow access to the System Request menu, but prevent the use of certain commands.
You may want to create a special output queue for the programmer so his spooled output is always sent to that queue.
For interactive jobs, you can change the initial program for the programmer so the new initial program specifies this output queue:
Another alternative is to assign a unique job description to the user profile that contains the desired parameters.
A second job queue can be created and added to the subsystem.
To create the job queue, enter the following command:
(This command can be issued at any time and will take effect immediately.)
Another alternative is to send all the completion messages to a user message queue.
The following command changes the QSYSOPR message queue:
The subsystem description and job queue could be defined with the following commands:
The CL program could be:
The job queue entry shown in the previous example should be changed to meet your requirements.
If you created your own controlling subsystem, you should refer to the job queue for that subsystem.
The system operator can submit the commands from the system operator menu.
You may want to control a group of work stations separately.
For example, if you have a group of work station users who are using the same application, you may want that group of users to sign off to perform some special application function or to send them a message.
Create a command or a CL program that can be used to send a message to a group of work stations.
However, this approach does not assist in controlling sign-on or sign-off.
You may want to create a command for this function to allow a simple means of running this program.
If the Refresh key is pressed, the display will then show all jobs that are using more than 2\%{} of the processing unit resource since the command was run.
Create a job description to be used for the double-byte devices.
However, the job description has different routing data.
Create a copy of the subsystem description.
Change the work station entry for the 5555 Display to specify the job description you just created.
Add a routing entry that matches the routing data of the double-byte job description.
When the default printer file is double-byte, the system properly prints double-byte output printed as a result of pressing the Print key.
Some applications require that functions be performed at a specified time.
This is referred to as time-dependent scheduling.
Although the system does not support this type of function directly, existing functions can be combined to perform time-dependent scheduling.
A single request-processing job must be active at all times to handle all of the time-dependent requests sent by other jobs.
It is intended for personal rather than program action.
This sample command would have the following parameters:
Up to 100 characters can be sent.
This allows users to have a single command to do both the delayed time and immediate function.
It appears as the following message:
If you are sending messages that contain apostrophes, a special form may be required.
The job is not run at the requested time; rather it is released at that time.
All held jobs appear last on the job queue.
If it is critical to perform certain functions at the requested time, then a unique job queue could be created to handle these requests.
Up to 256 bytes may be entered.
This approach allows users to have a single command to do both the delayed time and immediate function.
The default is the job description name.
The request-processing job runs as an interactive job for most of its functions; you may choose to place it in the interactive subsystem.
If the job is placed in a batch subsystem, you will want to be sure that the maximum number of jobs specified will allow the request-processing job as well as your other jobs to be started.
See "Security Considerations" in topic 5.15.4 later in this chapter about the required *JOBCTL special value.
When the program is started, it clears out any requests that have been run from the last time the program was started.
If this occurs, these requests are run immediately.
There are no parameters for this command and it is entered as:
To release another user's job, the request-processing job must be started by a user who has special authority *JOBCTL.
As in a normal environment, you may wish to control who can send messages to certain user-created message queues.
The sample objects should be placed in a library such as QGPL where all users can access them by use of their library list.
If QGPL is not used, you will need to change where you specifically refer to QGPL in the sample code.
Adding a record to a database file will not cause the request-processing program to activate.
After it is run, it is updated with an X and becomes the last record in the access path.
If a value is entered, it is used as a specific date.
This has the effect of adding the number of days requested.
The actual date to be used is checked to see if it is valid.
If the day requested is the current day, the time must be equal to or greater than the current time.
If it is not in the file, it is added.
If none occurs, it receives the low level messages and looks for CPF1221.
You may want to change this command to allow for a specific time or a delay time value.
If the return code is 2, no request is due.
This means the job is still on the system but is either active or on the output queue.
In either case, a message is sent to QSYSOPR.
You may wish to add some additional error handling.
This will keep the program active and still allow problem analysis.
If the action code is 2, the program ends.
Any record that has been added with a lower key (an earlier time) is now the first record and will be read first.
If no request is due that day, the program returns a value to wait until the end of the day.
This chapter will help you understand some of the work management parameters that affect performance and how to set up and analyze your system.
With the proper setting of the work management parameters, you can make the best use of each resource.
Jobs running in the system will be in any of the three states shown below:
If a job is waiting, it means that the job needs a resource that is not available.
When a job is waiting for a resource, it may wait in main storage or it may be removed from main storage until the resource is available.
Some of these objects used by jobs are:
If they are not in main storage, they must be read into main storage from their locations on disk (auxiliary) storage.
The object is either shared by jobs or is unique to a specific job.
When an object is shared by jobs, only one copy of the object exists.
However, the variables and data in the application will not have the same values for all jobs using the application.
The system assigns main storage to the job that is currently active.
When a job attempts to run, there must be space for the job in main storage.
Before a job can become active, there must be an available activity level.
If an activity level is available, the job becomes active and begins processing in main storage.
This is called a first-in, first-out priority queue.
Therefore, you want jobs holding locks on objects to use them and make them available for other jobs to use.
However, this chapter discusses only the system commands.
You can either increase or decrease the pool size or the activity level.
This may be caused by a batch job accessing data.
If you observe this activity, do not change the disk configuration.
This section describes some of the steps taken to initially configure the system pool sizes and activity levels.
Otherwise, the values will be reset at the next IPL.
When setting the initial machine pool size, use the following:
S = M + J + L + F where:
In order to get a value for this part of the system, you can use the table below.
For each line, protocol, line type, and controller, the machine pool must include some additional main storage.
Figure 6-5 is given as a simple guide to the additional storage required.
However, you are able to do a better job because you know the communications configuration of the system.
If you plan to use any of the functions shown in Figure 6-6 you should add the appropriate amount of main storage to the machine pool.
Figure 6-8 assumes that interactive work is running at the same time as batch jobs.
Once you have set your initial pool sizes and activity levels, you should begin to observe your system performance.
Once you have reached the values shown earlier as good, you can stop.
As a result, the jobs must wait for an activity level before they can run.
Be certain to measure and compare each change so that you can identify the best activity level.
The second situation indicates that the activity level may be set right, but the pool size is too small.
In the last situation, the activity level is probably set too high.
In this case, too many jobs are allowed into the pool at the same time.
Once again, it is necessary to measure and observe performance after each change.
These operations may not always be necessary.
The activity level should be set equal to the number of jobs running at the same time.
Often, the functions performed by these users are different from the functions used by all other users.
Each batch job may use objects that are different from the objects used by other batch jobs in the same pool.
Each pool should have an activity level of one and only one active job.
These cases are not common.
This data includes internal system trace data from the vertical microcode trace table.
This section explains how to start and end the collection of performance data.
When the performance monitor batch job is started from the job queue, data collection begins.
If the trace table is cleared for any reason (running another system trace clears the trace table), the performance trace data is lost.
The internal trace table has a maximum size of 16M of storage.
The trace table can use up to 16M, but is not initially set to that value.
If the trace is not started, the size of the trace table is not changed.
The performance monitor then automatically turns off the trace.
Wait until the performance monitor ends and have the performance monitor dump the trace at that time (this is the default).
Do not dump the trace when the performance monitor ends.
Therefore, the performance monitor must retrieve the data every 5 minutes to ensure that there is no loss of data.
One of these events occurs when a job ends on the system.
While the performance monitor is active, it sends information messages to the system operator's message queue.
These messages notify the system operator when the status of the performance monitor changes or an error occurs.
Figure 7-1 lists the various fields in the configuration file entries.
L Resource name of the local work station controller.
The following terms are used in Figure 6-2, and are repeated for each group of jobs.
Number of database read operations.
Number of write operations.
Number of print lines.
Number of lines written by the program.
This number does not reflect what is actually printed.
Spooled files can be ended, or printed with multiple copies.
These do not include remote work station activity.
In Figure 7-3, job means task.
Figure 7-4 lists the fields in the disk data file.
Figure 7-5 lists the fields in the storage pool file.
Figure 7-7 lists the fields in the asynchronous file.
X.25 File Entries:
Figure 7-9 lists the fields in the X.25 file.
Token-Ring Network File Entries:
Figure 7-11 lists the fields in the communications controller file.
Storage Device Controller File Entries:
Figure 7-13 lists the fields in the storage device controller file.
In Figure 7-13, device means disk.
Local Work Station Response Time File Entries:
This chapter describes system values and network attributes by first giving a summary of the different system values divided by type and then detailed descriptions of the system values.
System values are not objects and cannot be passed as parameter values like CL variables.
If there is only one item in the list, you do not need apostrophes.
The second item, if specified, is ignored.
Apostrophes are necessary only when the library name or *LIBL is specified with the object name.
If the library name is not specified or *LIBL is specified for the library, the library list is used to locate the object, and the library where the object is found is stored in the system value.
When object names are specified for system values, the lowercase letters in the names are always changed to uppercase even when they are in apostrophes.
This means that you should not use lowercase letters in the names of objects or libraries that you may want to specify on any of the system values.
The following is a summary of the system values and the initial values shipped with the system.
'1' Means wait.)
If a list of values is specified as the new value, the list must be enclosed in apostrophes and separated by blanks.
If a numeric value or special character is specified for a character type system value, it must be enclosed in apostrophes.
If a numeric system value is specified by using a CL variable, the variable must be decimal.
A numeric value is not enclosed in apostrophes unless it is specified for a character type system value.
If a CL variable is used to specify the value for a character type system value, the CL variable must be character type and may be of any length.
Date and time system values must always be enclosed in apostrophes.
A change made to this value takes effect immediately.
When you specify the date in CL commands, you can specify only 2 digits for the year in the date format.
The system assigns the first 2 digits for the year (xx) based on the following rules:
The following table shows the various values provided by the CL character variable.
(Y = year; M = month; D = day.)
Previous end of system indicator.
You can refer to this value in user-written recovery programs.
You will have to manually configure any new local controllers or devices that you add to your system.
The system will automatically configure any new local controllers or devices that are added to your system.
Default character set and code page.
This system value specifies the character set and code page to be used when CHRID(*SYSVAL) is specified for the CL commands that create, change, or override display files, display device descriptions, and printer files.
This part identifies the character set to use.
This identifier must be in the range of 1 through 32,767.
This part identifies the code page to use.
For example, the value 101 would be retrieved as 0000000101.
The last 10 characters contain the code page identifier right-adjusted.
The possible recovery actions are:
Specifies the name of the display device that is the console.
You cannot change this system value.
The system changes this value when the console is varied on.
A change to this value takes effect at the next IPL unless the change is made on the IBM-supplied configuration menu during an IPL, in which case a change to this value takes effect immediately.
The subsystem you will be signed on to is displayed in the upper right corner of the sign-on prompt.
This is because the change takes effect immediately.
Do not wait for database recovery to complete.
A change to this value takes effect during the next IPL in unattended mode.
Specifies what naming convention is used when the system automatically creates device descriptions.
You can change, display, and retrieve this value.
The following shows an example of the normal naming convention and the S36 naming convention:
You can refer to this system value in an application program.
Date and time to automatically IPL the system.
Specifies a date and time when an automatic IPL should occur.
The second value is the time.
The seconds portion of the time value must be specified, but is ignored.
There is an indicator value for each form of IPL.
You can refer to this value in your recovery programs, but you cannot change it.
IPL occurred when requested from the operator panel.
Auto-IPL after power restored.
IPL occurred automatically when power was restored after a power failure.
Specifies the type of IPL performed when the system is powered on manually with the key in the normal position.
No displays are shown during an IPL.
The normal sign-on display is shown when the IPL is complete.
Specifies the language character set for the keyboard.
The existing values for system pool sizes and activity levels are used.
Be sure to do at least one IPL after your configuration is set.
Specifies the default printer for the system.
This value will take effect when a spooled file is opened.
If the specified device description exists, it must be a printer device description.
The initial value is PRT01.
A change to this value takes effect when a PWRDWNSYS command is entered.
Automatic IPL is allowed after power restored.
Specifies if the system should automatically IPL when utility power is restored after a power failure.
Specifies the system environment used as the default for all user profiles.
This value will not be saved in the user profile.
It will be checked at sign-on time.
The system serial number is also used to set the system name.
This program performs setup functions such as starting subsystems and printers.
This system value can only be changed by the security officer or a profile with security officer authority.
Releases the QS36MRT and QS36EVOKE job queues if they were held (these are used by the System/36 environment).
This system value is either set by the system at IPL time or by the user on the IPL Options display.
This value can only be displayed or retrieved.
A change to this value takes effect immediately.
You specify only the first item in the list.
The second item, if specified, will be ignored.
The first 10 characters would be what you specified.
The following examples show what the user could enter and how the value would be displayed:
Value *NOMAX *NOMAX Example 3 User types:
If the message queue is a work station message queue (or QSYSOPR), it must be in break or notify mode.
If the message queue is not a work station message queue, it must be allocated by a job.
A job log will be produced for the job.
System part of library list.
The list can contain as many as 15 names.
Apostrophes are necessary only when more than one library name is specified (for example, 'SYSLIB1 SYSLIB2').
The libraries in the system part are searched for an object before any libraries in the user part.
A change to this value takes effect immediately (when the next job starts).
Default for user part of library list.
Apostrophes are necessary only when more than one library name is specified.
The libraries in this part are searched for an object after the libraries in the system part and also after the product library and current library entries.
Initial number of active jobs for which auxiliary storage is to be allocated during IPL.
An active job is a job that has started running but not ended.
The amount of auxiliary storage allocated for each active job is approximately 110K.
The amount of storage allocated for each job is approximately 110K.
The next logical choice would be 8192.
The lower limit is 1024 bytes.
A change to this value takes effect for the next time an extension is needed.
Initial size of the job message queue.
Maximum initial size of the job message queue.
Initial size of the spooling control block for a job.
(There is one spooling control block for each job in the system.)
The allocated area is made up of standard control information plus a separate set of control information for each spooled file.
Initial number of jobs for which auxiliary storage is to be allocated during IPL.
The number of jobs is the number supported by the system at any one time, which includes the jobs on job queues, active jobs (including system jobs), and jobs having output on output queues.
Apostrophes are necessary only when more than one option is specified and each option must be separated by blanks.
The possible accounting level options are:
For more information on job accounting, see Chapter 9, "Using Job Accounting" in topic 9.0.
Maximum number of records for each version of the history log.
When a version is full (the maximum has been reached), a new version is created.
You can save the full (old) version on diskettes and then delete it.
The CL Reference has more information on formatting print text.
Maximum activity level of the base storage pool.
Storage not allocated to another storage pool remains in the base storage pool.
Maximum activity level of the system.
Size of the machine storage pool.
Automatic configuration of virtual devices for pass-through.
Maximum number of invalid sign-on attempts allowed.
Limit the use of certain characters in a password.
Maximum length of a password.
Remote sign-on control.
Network attributes are not objects and cannot be passed as parameter values like CL variables.
The system is shipped with certain network attributes.
Most of these are important only if your system is part of a communications network.
For more information about each network attribute, see the CL Reference, as well as the manuals listed in the figure.
To save network attributes with system values, use the Save System (SAVSYS) command.
For more information on using these commands, see the CL Reference.
You must take specific steps (described later in the section "Setting Up Job Accounting" in topic 9.11) to set up job accounting.
You may also assign accounting codes to user profiles or specific jobs.
With this command you can write the entries into a database file.
You must write application programs or use a utility such as the query utility to analyze the data.
Direct print (DP) journal entry:
Contains data about printer files made by a print writer (spooled).
Job accounting data available through the QHST messages is a subset of the method described here.
If multiple copies occurred, this is the sum of all copies.
Job 1 does not make any printer output, and no job log is made.
Job 2 does not make any spooled printer output and no job log is made.
A job may not use the same amount of resources each time it is run.
Therefore, high priority jobs use less system resource than low priority jobs.
Accounting codes are assigned to users or jobs.
You do not need any resource information other than that provided in the CPF1124 and CPF1164 messages, which are sent automatically to the QHST log.
You do not need print accounting information.
When a job is started, a job description is assigned to the job.
If the default of *USRPRF is used, the accounting code in the job's user profile is used.
If all work for a particular user is to be recorded under one accounting code, only user profiles need to be changed.
Each resource accounting journal entry contains information about the resources used while the previous accounting code was in effect.
For example, the following illustrates a job with two accounting segments:
However, if you are using print file accounting, the job log printed will be included in the printer file journal entries.
Each journal entry contains the standard prefix fields for any journal entry (for example, date, time, journal sequence number).
The job types recorded are the following:
The number of print lines does not reflect what is actually printed.
Spooled files can be canceled or printed with multiple copies.
The numbers recorded for communications I/O operations do not include remote work station activity.
The information provided is similar to that provided in the DP accounting journal data except that the spooled file name, spooled file number, output priority, form type, and total number of bytes of control information and print data sent to the printer are included.
You need to specify the name of the journal receivers you created in the previous step and any other options on the command.
The job trying to send the journal entry continues normally.
If the journal is allocated by another job, the journal entry is changed to message text and sent to the QHST log as message CPF1303.
Only a user with the *SECADM special authority is allowed to use the CRTUSRPRF and CHGUSRPRF commands.
This command is supplied with *CHANGE authority.
(Authority to create or change job descriptions is also required.)
Change the accounting code in his current job.
Change the accounting code of a job other than his own if he also has the *JOBCTL special authority.
You must decide what authorization should exist for the accounting journal and journal receiver.
If you need to access the information from the CPF1303 message you will need to create a high-level language program.
In order to define records that match the CPF1303 message you will need to include the following fields:
The CPF1164 message always consists of three records and the CPF1303 message always consists of four records.
The information contained in the standard journal prefix fields is not included in this message.
If the member exists, it is cleared before the records are written.
If the member does not exist, it is added.
This format defines the standard heading fields for each journal entry, but the job accounting data is defined as a single large field.
To avoid having to process the accounting data as a single large field, two field reference files are supplied to help you in processing the job accounting journal entries.
The DP entry for directly printed files contains some fields that are not used; these fields contain blanks.
This file can then be processed by the query utility or an high-level language program.
You would then use a program-described file to process the journal entries in a high-level language program.
Enter the following DDS to create a logical file to allow processing of both physical files.
This allows you to read a single file in accounting code order and print a report using a high-level language program:
Before an accounting code is placed in a user profile, you may want to ensure that the code is valid and that it is valid for a particular user.
To change another job, the user must also have the special authorization of *JOBCTL.
A journal entry that contains statistics of system resources used for job accounting.
A data authority that allows the user to add entries to an object; for example, add job entries to a job queue or add records to a file.
The program must be created with owner authority.
An object authority that allows the user to perform all operations on the object except those limited to the owner or controlled by authorization list management authority.
The user can control the object's existence, specify the security for the object, and change the object.
A special authority that allows users to use all system resources without having specific authority to the resources.
See also save system authority, job control authority, security administrator authority, service authority, and spool control authority.
A display device assigned by the operating system to function as the console if the console is not working.
All addressable disk storage other than main storage.
A part of main storage where batch jobs are processed.
The first program has a call level of 1.
The user can add, change, and delete entries in an object, or read the contents of an entry in the object.
A keyboard key that allows the user to type into the system the character shown on the key.
A program that processes a command.
The set of all commands with which a user requests system functions.
Storage in the computer that contains the programs used to control input and output operations and the use of main storage.
See also line configuration and device configuration.
See also job date, and system date.
The library that is specified to be the first user library searched for objects requested by a user.
The name for the current library can be specified on the Sign-On display or in a user profile.
When you specify an object name (such as the name of a file or program) on a command, but do not specify a library name, the system searches the libraries in the system part of the library list, then searches the current library before searching the user part of the library list.
A storage area used to communicate data such as CL variable values between the programs within a job and between jobs.
A specific authority to read, add, update, or delete data.
See also add authority, delete authority, read authority, and update authority.
An object that is used to communicate and store data used by several programs in a job or between jobs.
The collection of all data files stored in the system.
See also master sort table and active sort table.
To release a resource that is assigned to a specific task.
A data authority that allows the user to remove entries from an object; for example, delete messages from a message queue or delete records from a file.
A character or sequence of characters that marks the beginning or end of a unit of data.
A message that contains information about errors or possible errors.
The BSC transmission control character used to end transmission with the remote system.
The BSC transmission control character usually used to request a response from the remote system or device.
An object authority that prevents the user from using the object or its contents.
The part of the job message queue that sends messages between an interactive job and the work station user.
A keyboard key that allows the user to select keyboard functions or programmer functions.
A generic name ends with an asterisk (*).
A data area that is automatically created when an interactive job becomes a group job.
A message that is created when it is sent.
Data provided to the computer or data resulting from computer processing.
An operation during which the job currently running from a display station is interrupted so that other work can be done.
A processing method in which each operator action causes a response from the program or the system.
All main and auxiliary storage in the system.
See initial program load (IPL).
There are 550 characters in this set.
A message queue that is created for each job.
A job message queue receives requests to be processed (such as commands) and sends messages that result from processing the requests.
A job message queue consists of an external message queue and a set of program message queues.
The name of the job as identified to the system.
For an interactive job, the job is assigned the name of the work station at which the job was started; for a batch job, the name is specified in the command used to submit the job.
A list of batch jobs waiting to be started or processed by the system.
The part of a journal entry that identifies the name of the object for which the journal entry was created.
Compare with folder and document library.
The system-recognized identifier is *LIBL.
For batch jobs, the system on which the job is being processed.
A condition defined for an object that determines how it is locked, how it is used (read or write), and whether the object can be shared (used by more than one job).
The part of the processing unit where programs are run.
Contrast with auxiliary storage pool.
A unit of measure for storage capacity.
An object that contains message descriptions.
The licensed internal code shipped with the system hardware that provides support for that model.
An object authority that allows the user to look at the description of an object and use the object as determined by the user's data authorities to the object.
Information or data received from a computer that is shown on a display, printed on the printer, or stored on disk, diskette, or tape.
For all other bytes, bits 0 through 3 represent one digit; bits 4 through 7 represent one digit.
To move a page of data between main and auxiliary storage.
A message whose description is created and stored in a message file before it is sent by the program.
A list of output waiting to be printed by the system.
The part of the system that performs instructions and contains main storage.
An object used to hold messages that are sent between program calls of a routing step.
An IBM-supplied interactive subsystem used to code programs on a display station.
The system-supplied user profile that has the authority necessary for system and application programmers and the special authorities of save system authority and job control authority.
A job name and its associated user name and a system-assigned job number.
A data authority that allows the user to look at the contents of an entry in an object or to run a program.
The position of a program in a list of programs called by the first program and any following programs.
Contrast with local work station.
Any part of the system required by a job or task, including main storage, devices, the processing unit, programs, files, libraries, and folders.
The processing that results from running a program specified in a routing entry.
A special authority that allows the user to save and restore all objects on the system and free storage of all objects on the system.
A special authority that allows a user to add users to the system distribution directory, to create and change user profiles, to add and remove access codes, and to perform office tasks, such as delete documents, folders, and document lists, and change distribution lists for other users.
See also all object authority, save system authority, job control authority, security administrator authority, and spool control authority.
The types of authority a user can have to perform system functions, including all object authority, save system authority, job control authority, security administrator authority, spool control authority, and service authority.
The types of authority a user can be given to use the system resources, including object authorities and data authorities.
See also object authority and data authority.
This authority also allows the user to change the spooled file attributes, such as the printer used to print the file.
A part of the system that provides the operating environment for the programs that read jobs onto job queues to wait for processing and write files from an output queue to an output device.
IBM supplies one spooling subsystem:
It is the storage pool used if a storage pool is not defined by the user.
A data authority that allows the user to change the data in an object, such as a journal, a message queue, or a data area.
An object authority that allows the user to run a program or display the contents of a file.
To make a device, controller, or line available for its normal, intended use.
The system-supplied user profile that has the authority required by work station operators.
Help for Function Keys Window.
Help for Command Window.
Help for Message Window.
Copy Topic Window.
Print Topic Window.
Note Window with a Topic Note.
Send Notes Window.
Set Function Keys Window.
Choose Print Options Window.
Choose Edit Options Window.
Perform File Functions Window.
Note Window Function Keys.
Installation and Customization, SC23-
Each part of an online book is called a topic.
Many of the ways in which you look at a book online are similar to how you might use a printed book.
An exact match, any case.
This matches your search request word for word, including uppercase and lowercase letters.
For example, you can move forward and backward just as you might turn pages in a printed book.
You can also move directly to the part of the book you want to view, such as the table of contents or a specific topic.
For information on using these file services, see "Copying, Printing, and Editing Topics" in topic.
You can also make changes to notes, share your notes with other users, and review notes that other users have written for a book.
When you copy or print a topic, you can choose to copy or print any of its notes.
Although each panel lets you do something different, some actions are common to all panels.
You open a book to view the contents of a single book.
You can open a book at any time.
In some cases, you can select an action by pressing a function key associated with your choice.
After you open a book, you can also request actions by entering commands instead of making selections on the panels.
While a pull-down is displayed, only the actions in the pull-down or on the action bar are available.
For example, if you select a pull-down and the action you want is not listed in it, you can select another pull-down on the action bar.
However, you cannot use function keys that do not appear in the pull-down, mark items listed on the panel, or select words in the text until the pull-down is removed.
While a window is displayed, only the actions in that window are available.
For example, you cannot select an action on the action bar or use function keys that do not appear in the window until the window is removed.
When a window is displayed, you can press or select only the function keys listed in that window, not the ones at the bottom of the panel.
"Setting the Function Keys" in topic 13.5 tells you which function keys you can change and how to change them.
The command area is displayed just above the function key area.
If the cursor is on the action bar or in the function key, command, or message area, pressing F7 and F8 moves a full panel of information backward or forward.
If there is no preceding window, you go to where the cursor was located when you selected the action (for example, the action bar, the command area, or the function key you pressed to select the action)
The following topic describes this action.
If the information does not fit on one panel, press the key you normally use to clear the screen and advance, or wait a few seconds to advance automatically.
It exists until you either close it or end the session.
A status line that shows whether a note exists in the topic, the number of lines in the topic, and your position in the book.
This information is above the command area at the bottom right corner of the panel.
If you select No or press F12, the session does not end.
You can select another action on the action bar.
The Help pull-down, shown in Figure 14 in topic 2.1, appears.
Keys help shows you the current function key settings.
If you press F1 while a pull-down or window is displayed, you go to the section of the help book that describes the available actions.
If you press F1 while a message is displayed, you see an explanation of it.
Select Extended help in the Help pull-down.
For example, to open the help book to the topic that best discusses copying topics, enter help copy topics.
See "HELP - Getting Help" in topic A.3.15 for examples of using the HELP command.
To close the help book, press F.
However, not all pull-down actions are available.
In the Services pull-down, you cannot select Edit source to change the text of the help book.
When you use the Options pull-down to change the way the help book is displayed, the changes are made only for the current session.
For details on using a book profile, see "Using Profiles" in topic.
Figure 16 in topic 2.3 is an example of the Help for function keys window.
Press F1 while you are looking at the command help window to get a detailed explanation of the command and its options.
The message help explains the reason for the message and tells you what actions to take.
You may see both a message number and text, just message text, just a message number, or no message at all.
Figure 18 in topic 2.5 is an example of a message help window.
Select All in the View pull-down.
Press F6 to share the book or remove it from the public library.
Press F9 to copy the book, delete it, or send a copy of it to another user.
Select Document numbers in the View pull-down.
To display the book names again, select View on the action bar and then select Names in the View pull-down.
If more than one book has the same name or document number, the second sort order is by title.
If more than one book has the same title, the second sort order is by book name.
Press F4 to open the currently described book to its table of contents.
Press F6 to deselect the current book and display information about the next book you marked.
If no table of contents exists, you see the first topic in the book.
If you specify a document number, you must identify an existing book that is shared in the public library.
The Close book window, shown in Figure 33 in topic 5.3, is displayed.
You can also select this action by pressing F.
If you opened the book directly from CMS, the session ends and you return to CMS.
When you select a topic in the list, you are positioned at the first search match it contains.
When you select a book in the list, you can either open the book or view a list of the topics with search matches.
You see a pull-down in which you can choose to set up a new search request, or work with the results of the last search you entered.
To search the book you are currently viewing, select Search on the action bar.
After entering a search request, you see a list of all the topics in the book that contain search matches.
You can work with the matches immediately or, by selecting List all topics with matches in the Search pull-down, return to them at a later time.
You can work with the results of a search until you enter another search request.
Figure 35 in topic 6.2 is an example of the Search pull-down in a book.
Figure 36 in topic 6.3 is an example of the Set up search window you see in a book.
The following topics show you how to use special characters and function keys in the Set up search window to modify your search request, allowing you to locate the exact information you need.
The Set up search window displays the special characters you can use to modify your search request.
To change either of these characters (for example, if you want to search for a word that contains an asterisk), type over the character in the Set up search window with the character of your choice and enter your search request.
See "Using Profiles" in topic 13.9 for information on including the SET command in your user profile.
You can choose words from the list to modify the search.
Move the cursor to a word in the request and press F.
To retrieve your search requests one at a time, press F9 in the Set up search window.
To see a list of all the search requests you previously entered, press F6 in the Set up search window.
If you search a book, you see a list of the topics that match.
The book at the top of the list, EIJ03MST, contains the best information about this search.
You can work with this list of search matches until you enter another search request.
Select List all topics with matches in the Search pull-down.
Topic 5.7 at the top of the list contains the best information about this search.
You go to the first occurrence of the search word in the selected topic.
To remove the text lines, press F.
Select Go to next match in the Search pull-down.
You move to the exact location of the next search match in the book, which may or may not be in the same topic.
Select Go to next best topic in the Search pull-down.
If you select Go to next best topic again, you move to the first search match in topic 2.2, not to the next search match in topic.
Location How important a search match is depends on which part of the book it is in.
To move backward one full panel, press F.
To move information on the panel backward several lines, move the cursor to the line that you want to view at the bottom of the panel and press F.
This topic shows you how to go to a particular topic in a book you are currently viewing.
You move to the start of that topic.
You cannot move to a topic by selecting the topic title.
This topic shows you how to go directly to the table of contents, index, figure list, and table list in a book you are currently viewing.
Press F7 or F8 to move backward or forward to see the entire table of contents.
The index is similar to the index in a printed book, except the entries are followed by topic identifiers instead of page numbers.
The status line shows the first and last index entries on the panel instead of line numbers.
Example of an Index You always go to the start of the index.
If the index does not fit on one panel, press F7 or F8 to move backward and forward through the index entries.
You move to the start of the entries that begin with the letter you typed.
Press F7 or F8 to move backward or forward to the entire figure list.
This action moves you to the start of the topic containing the selected figure, not to the start of the figure itself.
Example of a Table List: if the table list does not fit on one panel, you see the section of it that includes the topic you were looking at when you moved to the list of tables.
Press F7 or F8 to move backward or forward to see the entire table list.
You may want to read only the parts of a book that were changed or added since the book was originally produced.
Before closing a book, you may want to view certain topics again.
(You cannot use the Tab key to select words in this way.)
If a link exists to a particular part of another book, such as a topic, figure, or table, you go to the exact location of that item in the other book.
You must then select the one you want to go to.
This example shows what you would see if you linked to topic 1.0 in the book named ELU04INS.
Figure 51 in topic 9.0 shows the Services pull-down.
You can also choose to copy any notes written in a topic, or copy a topic only if it has notes.
If a file of that name already exists, each topic you copy is added to the end of it.
The type of output produced when you copy a topic is chosen originally by your site.
You can change the output type by making selections in the Options pull-down.
See "Choosing Copy Options" in topic 13.6 for details.
You can also use the COPY command to copy topics.
See "COPY - Copying Topics" in topic A.3.8 for examples of using this command.
Select Copy in the Services pull-down.
You see a window in which you must specify whether you want to copy only the topic, the topic and any associated notes, or the topic only if the topic has notes.
Figure 52 in topic 9.1 is an example of the Copy topic window.
The notes in all active note files are copied, not just the notes in your note file.
When you select an action in the Copy topic window, you see another window in which you must specify whether you want to copy the current topic, another topic, or a range of topics.
To copy a single topic:
When the next window appears, you see the identifier of the currently displayed topic in the From topic area.
For example, type 6.2 to copy from the topic specified in From topic up to and including topic.
Begin with a specific topic and copy for a certain number of topics.
To do this, type the number of topics you want to copy in the Number of topics to copy area.
For example, type 3 to copy the topic specified in From topic and the next two topics that follow.
Example of Copying Several Topics While looking at a book online, you can print the current topic or a range of topics on your local printer.
You can also choose to print any notes written in a topic, or print a topic only if it has notes.
The type of output produced, and the command used to direct the output, are chosen originally by your site.
You can change the output type, print device type, and print command by making selections in the Options pull-down.
You can also press F14 to print the current topic, or use the PRINT command to print one or several topics, with or without notes.
See "PRINT - Printing Topics" in topic A.3.23 for examples of using this command.
Topic and notes prints the topic and any notes written in that topic.
Only the topics with notes prints the topic only if any notes were written in that topic.
For example, type 12.0 to print from the topic specified in From topic up to and including topic.
To do this, type the number of topics you want to print in the Number of topics to print area.
You can change the editor and file access types by making selections in the Options pull-down.
See "Choosing Edit Options" in topic 13.8 for information on changing the editor and file access types.
You can view a list of the places you saved in an online book and select the ones you want to go back to.
When you copy or print a topic in a book, you can include the notes written in that topic.
See "Copying Topics" in topic 9.1 and "Printing Topics" in topic 9.2 for information on including notes in your output.
Notes can exist for an entire topic or for a specific line of text.
To work with a topic note, use the Notes pull-down, shown in Figure 59 in topic.
"Sending Notes to Other Users" in topic 11.6 shows how to share your notes with other users.
"Using Notes from Other Users" in topic 11.7 shows how to view notes written by other users, including how to merge the notes from several users into a single note file.
If a topic has a note, the word Note appears in the status line at the top of the panel.
If a topic has both topic notes and line notes, the status line indicates that a line note exists.
The word Note is not displayed.
If a note already exists, you see its contents in the window.
Otherwise, a message indicates that you are creating a note.
Figure 60 in topic 11.2 is an example of the Note window with a topic note.
Note Window with a Topic Note Table 1 lists the function keys you can use in the Note window to work with notes in a book.
The filename of the note file matches the name of the book you are displaying.
If more than one book of the same name is available, your notes will display in all of them.
The following topics show you how to create notes for entire topics or for specific lines of text in a topic, and how to add the same text to all the notes in a book.
You do not have to be at the start of the topic to add a topic note; you can work with topic notes from any panel displaying that topic.
Press F3 to save the note and remove the Note window.
You create a line note differently from a topic note.
For a line note, you must position the cursor at the line where you want to add a note.
To associate a note with a particular line of text in a topic:
If you want all the notes in a book to have some common information, you can add text automatically to each note you write in that book.
This topic shows you how to display and make changes to existing notes in a book.
When changing a note, do not make changes to the note file on your A-disk.
If you edit a note while you are looking at notes from another user, you make changes to that user's note file on your A-disk.
If you intend to share your notes with other users, make sure you are working with your own note file before making changes to notes in a book.
You do not have to be at the start of the topic to display or change a topic note; you can work with topic notes from any panel displaying that topic.
Press F3 to save the changed note and remove the Note window.
You display and edit a line note differently from a topic note.
For a line note, you must position the cursor at the line in the text where the character is displayed.
To display or edit a note associated with a particular line of text in a topic:
To use the system editor, press F6 while the Note window is displayed.
This allows you to copy notes into the source file as you look at the book online.
When you file the note after editing it, you return to the topic you were viewing.
The note is displayed in the Note window the way you typed it with the editor.
If you are using a split screen to edit the source file and the note, you must exit both screens to return to the online book.
This topic shows you how to delete topic notes and line notes in a book.
To share your notes with other users, you must send your note file to them.
An active note file is one that you added, or selected to view, from those available for viewing.
Use the function keys in this window to add, remove, or merge the note files available to you.
Open the Note window to display the notes.
The first note file you make active becomes the current note file in the book.
When you finish viewing those notes and move on to the next user's notes, the second note file becomes the current note file (and so on).
To switch to the next user's note file, press F2 in the Note window.
The next note file you asked to see becomes the current note file.
When you no longer want to view notes written by another user, you must remove them from the book by making them inactive.
This is useful, for example, when you want to go through a book looking at only the notes written by other users.
Press F2 to see a note that another user has created for that topic.
A message tells you when there are no more notes to review in the book, or that no other user has a note for that topic.
If the graphic is larger than a single panel, you must scroll forward and backward, or left and right, to see the entire graphic.
You do not automatically see graphics and images while you are viewing the text of a book.
To remove the menu, press F.
To return to the text of your book, press F.
"Copying, Printing, and Editing Topics" in topic 9.0 shows you how to use the Services pull-down to copy and print topics in an online book.
After you open a book, you can also change your function key settings, printed and copied output, or system editor.
Figure 63 in topic 13.0 is an example of the Options pull-down you see after you open a book.
To change the color in an area of a panel, first select the panel area, and then select the color you want to change it to.
When you change a panel color, you change it only for the panel you are currently displaying.
If you are displaying a book, you must next select Panel areas in the Set colors window.
Table 4 lists the areas you can change using the Panel areas window.
Select Go into CMS in the Options pull-down.
To return to your session, type return at any time.
You return to the same panel that was displayed when you selected Go into CMS.
Figure 69 in topic 13.5 is an example of the Set function keys window.
The function key area on the panel will display Print as the description of F.
Figure 70 in topic 13.5 is an example of how the function key area appears after this change is made.
You can also choose a print device for certain output types.
For information on copying topics in a book, see "Copying Topics" in topic.
Topics containing controls for page breaks will show page breaks in the copied output.
You can also use the TYPE command to change the output type and print device for topics you copy.
For details, see "TYPE - Changing the Editor, or Printed and Copied Output" in topic A.
For information on printing topics in a book, see "Printing Topics" in topic.
In the Choose print options window, choose whether you want to change the type of output or the print command.
Figure 71 in topic 13.7 is an example of the Choose print options window.
Topics containing controls for page breaks will begin printing on a new page.
The Print command window displays the print command and options you are currently using to print topics (which may be the system command chosen originally by your site).
For information on editing source files while looking at the book online, see "Editing Source Files" in topic.
In the Choose edit options window, choose whether you want to change the system editor or file access type.
Installation and Customization for examples of these sample programs.
However, if the commands in an installation profile are also used in a user profile, the user profile overrides the installation profile.
For example, if you use the Options pull-down to change a panel area color, and the installation profile does not include a SET command to change that same panel area, the panel area continues to display the way you specified in the pull-down.
However, if the commands in a book profile are also used in a user profile or installation profile, the user and installation profiles override the book profile.
You can modify this profile to tailor the way online help appears.
You can change only a command name.
You cannot change the names of command parameters or options.
Figure 74 in topic 14.0 is an example of the Group pull-down.
Select Group on the action bar.
Select all in the Group pull-down.
This must be a valid CMS filename.
Either accept what is displayed, or press F2 to display a list of available languages and select the one you want to use.
Select add a book in the Group pull-down.
Type either the name or document number of the book you want to add.
To run it in batch mode, you must submit your request to a service virtual machine that processes batch requests.
The system administrator at your site can tell you how to do this.
If the file is on your A-disk, you can omit this parameter.
If you omit this option, the index is placed on your A-disk.
The title must be enclosed in single quotes.
If you omit this option, the work files are processed on your A-disk.
Select an action in the Perform file functions window.
The current entry remains marked.
The default is to copy to your A-disk.
If you opened the book from CMS, the session ends and you return to CMS.
Select an action in the Use public library window.
To get help on using a command, see "Help for Commands" in topic.
When you use a command, you may receive information in the form of messages and return codes.
See "Return Codes" in topic C.0 for information on these return codes.
A word in all lowercase letters shows a parameter that you replace.
For example: number shows that you replace number with a number like 10 or.
An example of this is the syntax diagram for the CMD command:
This table shows the commands with their equivalent pull-down actions.
Examples of how to use each command are also provided.
Syntax If you enter all after a search is complete, the List all topics with matches window is displayed.
If this is your first search request in the book, you must include string.
Enter all without a search string to continue working with the list of search matches.
The type of search matching that the ALL command performs depends on the type of search matching in effect.
Syntax If you enter backward without a parameter, you move backward one panel.
When the command completes, you return to the panel you were viewing when you entered the command.
For details on creating a profile, see "Using Profiles" in topic.
You can change this output type to match the format of the source files used to create the book and to meet your own output needs.
For more information on using TYPE command to change the type of output, see "TYPE - Changing the Editor, or Printed and Copied Output" in topic A.
If you omit topic1, copying starts with the current topic.
You can enter a topic number or name as topic.
Copying begins at either the current topic or topic1 and continues through all subsequent topics until topic2 has been copied.
The topic you specify for topic2 must occur later in the book than topic.
Topic notes are copied after the topic title.
Line notes are copied after the associated line of text.
After the desired topic is displayed, edit the text as you want it to appear in the final output.
Your site defines the default command.
Your site sets the default editor types and file access modes.
See "TYPE - Changing the Editor, or Printed and Copied Output" in topic A.3.37 for more information.
Syntax If you enter exit without a parameter, only the current book is closed.
If this is your first search request in the current session, you must include string.
Syntax If you enter forward without a parameter, you move forward one panel.
If a message is displayed, you get a detailed explanation of the message.
For other ways to get help, see "Getting Help" in topic.
For additional information on commands, see "Help for Commands" in topic.
Parameter letter A single alphabetic character.
Syntax When you use this command, the status line tells you which columns you are displaying.
If a note already exists for the current topic, you see its contents in the window; otherwise, a message indicates you are creating a note.
To view note files from other users, first receive them on your A-disk.
Then specify the user IDs in the order you want to view them.
The first note file becomes the current note file.
You can remove your own notes or all note files available to you.
The file is stored on your A-disk.
For filename, enter the name of an existing profile.
Syntax If you enter position without a parameter, a scale is displayed to show your location in the book.
After you enter position, the information is displayed on the status line of each panel until you enter position off.
If you omit topic1, the printing starts with the current topic.
You can enter a topic number, topic name, or the word first in place of topic.
You can enter a topic number, topic name, or the word last in place of topic.
Your site has defined the default system command and output format for printing.
For example, if you use the Options pull-down to change a panel area color and the installation profile does not include a SET command to change that same panel area, the panel area remains as you set it.
For a description of profiles, see "Using Profiles" in topic.
ALL Shows a complete list of note files that are on your A-disk and which may not be available to you.
The topics are listed in the order that they appear in the book.
If you have followed more than one link, type return to step back through each link you followed, one link at a time.
Notes are displayed in the order they appear in the book, starting at the beginning of the book.
These changes remain in effect until you close the book.
See "Using Profiles" in topic 13.9 for information on creating a profile.
For example, if you enter a topic number that cannot be found, the alarm sounds when the message appears.
Some colors appear only if your terminal supports extended color.
You can change the color of information messages only.
If you omit string, the function key is not defined, and any value that was assigned to it is cleared.
As a result, the function key no longer has a value and does not appear on the screen.
Because screen space is limited, not all function keys can be displayed at the same time.
You choose which keys you want to see.
You can also create a customized word to appear as the function key value.
The maximum number of lines used to display function key settings is four.
The label must be a single word.
It will appear on the panel exactly as you type it.
This form displays function keys 1 through.
This form displays a subset of the reserved function keys: 1, 3, and.
The default separator is a comma (, ).
See "Using Profiles" in topic.
All topics with controls for page breaks will begin on a new page.
All topics will be copied or printed without controls for page breaks.
All topics printed or copied will look similar to the pages in a printed book.
The following topics list the default settings for the functions keys available on each panel and in selected windows.
When viewing a book, you can change some of the settings that are in effect.
The default function key area displays function keys 1 through.
You can use the panels or the SET command to change function keys.
These function keys can be assigned other actions.
The bottom of the Note window shows function keys that you can use to create or edit notes.
Only the function keys in the Note window are active when the window is displayed.
The function keys displayed at the bottom of the panel are not active.
Only the function keys in the Use notes from others window are active when the window is displayed.
The bottom of the Set up search window shows function keys that you can use to specify a search request.
Only the function keys in the Set up search window are active when the window is displayed.
The function was successfully completed.
The book specified could not be opened.
Your user ID does not have read/write access to any disks.
An internal programming error has occurred while processing notes.
A key was pressed that has no value or that is not supported.
An internal programming error has occurred.
A key was pressed has no value or that is not supported.
You requested the Index utility to stop processing.
The options specified are not valid.
Not enough options were entered.
A required file is missing.
A CMS command was not successful.
A return code other than 0 is displayed.
Therefore, the index was not created.
A request to exit was issued while the Index utility was processing.
The code is an identifier that you can use to look up an explanation of the message in this appendix.
The next three characters for all messages are unique numbers beginning with.
The last character of the message code indicates the severity of the message:
A required file filename is missing or damaged.
The value entered is ignored.
If you expected it to be a valid command, review the command syntax.
There are no more topics to be displayed.
The currently displayed topic or book part is the highest level (for example, topic 1.0).
The displayed topic is the first topic.
The action selected in the window requires a value to be entered.
To cancel the window, press F.
The option specified has been successfully set.
An internal programming error occurred while trying to access an online document.
The command is also displayed.
A review of the topics displayed during this session has been requested.
The source file cannot be edited because you do not have read/write access to it.
Link to and access the disk that contains the source file in read/write mode.
Therefore, the request cannot be processed properly.
The value of the displayed function key cannot be changed from its current value.
The text you searched for would have been displayed off the screen to the right or left.
If you cannot solve the problem, notify the CMS system administrator.
Note showing is already in effect.
An asterisk means that the choice is not available.
Select a choice in the window that has a number (no asterisk).
If you expected the command to be a valid operating system command, check the command syntax.
The note has been successfully deleted.
To display the Note window and create your own notes, press F5 or enter notes.
To determine if you have access to notes on this book that were created by other users, enter query notes all or select Use notes from others in the Notes pull-down.
The current topic is the last one with a note.
A review of the topics with notes has been requested.
The topic displayed has a note.
This message continues to be displayed until there are no more notes to review.
Select another word for which you want related information.
If the table of contents is displayed, the command specified cannot be used.
The notes for the user ID specified are currently being displayed.
The requested command ends with a return code of.
The commands in your profile have been successfully processed.
No file was found for the profile name specified.
Then enter the commands you want to use to display information online.
The profile specified has an incorrect command on the line specified.
The profile line is not processed.
To remove a specific note file, specify its filename.
Although processing continues, none of the statements in the profile are used.
Notes cannot be sent to another user because no note file exists for the filename specified.
The filename of the note file must match the name of the book being displayed.
To send notes, you must have created your own notes in the book, or a note file sent to you from another user must be active in the book.
Move the cursor to the word in the text for which you want related information.
The profile name specified was not found.
Access the profile specified or create a profile with that name and the commands you want to have processed.
Before notes from a different user can be displayed, another user note file must be made active.
The note file previously in use remains in use.
No notes exist for the topics specified.
This will take you to each topic that has a note.
The command entered does not accept the value specified.
An online help message is displayed showing the command entered.
The note files from the user list specified have been successfully removed.
It would have moved the text further to the right than it can go.
The text is moved as far to the right as possible.
An incorrect note file exists for the book currently being displayed.
The note file may be damaged, missing, in the wrong format, or incorrectly named.
Determine the contents of the incorrect note file.
The current topic has no text.
There are certain actions that can only occur if a topic has text (for example, create notes or scroll right and left).
A number was entered after the number of topics to print or copy that is not valid.
The topic entered does not exist in this book.
Therefore, it cannot be copied or printed.
The return code from the PRINT command is displayed.
Make a note of this message and what you were trying to print.
The displayed topic is the first or only topic at this level.
This file is required for processing.
An internal programming error occurred.
The location within the program where the instruction failed is also displayed.
Then re-create the index.
The terminal you are using does not support graphics or images.
The request is not processed.
The current topic has been successfully saved as a point of reference.
The search request has been successfully completed.
Agents can gather statistics about systems and warn of impending problems .
The primary purpose of BGP4 is to advertise routes to other autonomous systems .
1000Base - CX : Designed for connecting devices over short distances ( in the same wiring closet ) , this standard will use high data rate twisted - pair copper cable with a maximum distance of 25 meters .
1000Base - LX : Implements long - wavelength laser transmissions with links up to 550 meters over multimode fiber - optic cable and 3,000 meters over single - mode fiber - optic cable .
1000Base - SX : Implements short - wavelength laser transmissions with links up to 300 meters over 62.5 - micron multimode fiber - optic cable or 550 meters over 50 - micron multimode fiber - optic cable .
1000Base - T : This proposed standard allows Gigabit Ethernet transmissions over category 5 copper cable with a maximum distance of 100 meters .
100Base - FX : Fast Ethernet ( 100 Mbits / sec ) over fiber - optic cable .
100Base - FX : Uses optical cable and allows up to 2 - kilometer cabling distances .
100Base - FX also uses the same repeater classing scheme as 100Base - TX .
100Base - FX is the fiber - optic cable implementation of the Fast Ethernet standard .
100Base - FX requires a cable with two strands of 62.5 / 125 - micron fiber .
100Base - T takes advantage of the scalability of CSMA / CD hierarchical networking .
100Base - T4 : Implements four pairs of telephone - grade wire with a maximum distance of 100 meters between hub and workstation .
100Base - T4 also uses the same repeater classing scheme as 100Base - TX .
100Base - TX : Fast Ethernet ( 100 Mbits / sec ) over two pairs of Category 5 UTP or Category 1 shielded twisted - pair cable .
100Base - TX : Uses two pairs of data - grade twisted - pair wire with a maximum distance of 100 meters between hub and workstation .
100VG - AnyLAN : A Fast Ethernet standard that supports 100 - Mbit / sec throughput and uses a demand priority access method instead of CSMA / CD over hierarchical twisted - pair wiring configurations .
100VG - AnyLAN : Another 100 - Mbit / sec Ethernet standard that uses a priority access method .
10Base - 2 : Thinnet coaxial cable ( RG - 58 A / U ) with maximum segment lengths of about 185 meters uses baseband transmission methods .
10Base - 5 : Thicknet coaxial cable with maximum segment lengths of 500 meters , uses baseband transmission methods .
10Base - F : Supports fiber - optic cable backbones of up to 4 kilometers with transmission at 10 Mbits / sec .
10Base - T : Twisted - pair cable with maximum segment lengths of 100 meters .
10Base - T connections use Category 3 cabling as shown in Figure E - 15 .
10Base - T provides the advantages of 10Base - 2 Ethernet without the limitations and cost of coaxial cable .
12 - fiber D - series S - type plenum cable has 12 fibers and is designed for plenum areas .
12 - fiber standard B - series breakout cable has up to 156 fibers .
12 - fiber standard D - series distribution cable has up to 156 fibers .
32 - bit modular architecture : Data is transferred in 32 - bit blocks , which provides better performance than 16 - bit applications provide .
36 - fiber DB - series subgrouping cable has up to 1,000 fibers .
3Com 's class of service features allow network managers to automate the control of bandwidth utilization and priority by assigning different users lower or higher classes of services .
3Com feels that policies should be set at the source - at the desktop and server .
3Com 's scheme focuses on traffic policy management , a prioritization and quality - of - service scheme .
4 - fiber standard B - series plenum breakout cable has up to 102 fibers and is designed for plenum areas .
56K modems have become the workhorse modems of Internet users because They boost download speeds to 56 Kbits / sec when one side of the connection is digital .
A - Series simplex and duplex interconnect cables are flexible , resilient , and ideal for patch cords and jumpers .
A . M . Odlyzko showed in 1995 that a 512 - bit RSA key could be factored for less than $ 1,000,000 with eight months of effort .
A " dialog " takes place in both directions between client and server .
A " dopant " is added to the core to actually make it less pure than the cladding .
A " generic " set of services can be installed on top of the kernel , and the kernel runs on a variety of hardware platforms .
A " small footprint " operating system designed for specialized computing devices such as hand - held PCs , telephones , and consumer devices such as television sets .
A " transmitter " at that channel broadcasts information to anyone who tunes in .
A 10 - Mbit / sec Ethernet cable provides 10 times the data rate of a line rated at 1 Mbit / sec .
A 100 - node network might be divided into two 50 - node networks and joined with a bridge or router .
A 100Base - T compatible hub simply needs to perform speed matching when exchanging frames .
A 128 - Kbit / sec basic rate ISDN line may not have enough bandwidth to provide the quality of video desired .
A 32 - bit desktop operating system that can preemptively multitask 32 - bit applications .
A 4 - by - 4 matrix is pictured on the left in Figure M - 4 , but other matrix configurations are available , such as 8 by 8 and 16 by 16 .
A 50 - wire telephone jumper cable connects the concentrator to a telephone punchdown block .
A 64 - bit block is divided in half and the right half is combined with the two key halves created in step 2 .
A 64 - Kbit / sec ISDN channel is enough to carry a typical voice conversation .
A back - end MTA ( message transfer agent ) that transfers messages from the UA and delivers them to mail servers .
A backbone can link multiple networks in the campus environment or connect networks over wide area network links .
A backup group that has special access rights to back up directories .
A backup is a copy of online storage information that provides fault protection .
A backup link can be a line that is always available and in use or a line that is switched into use when another fails .
A backup system must have a way to deal with files that are open at the time of backup .
A balanced line is typically a twisted pair or twinax cable that contains two conductors .
A balun is required on each side of the twisted pair run .
A balun provides a way to join these two different types of cables when connecting terminals to IBM hosts .
A base level of service is guaranteed , and extra bandwidth is available for traffic spikes if the network capacity is not filled .
A base station is a stationary antenna located within the middle of a cell - shaped transmit and receive area .
A baseband network is usually limited to a local area .
A basic 10Base - T network is shown in Figure E - 14 .
A basic asynchronous transmission like a modem connection transmits one character at a time .
A basic CDF file contains a list of URLs ( Uniform Resource Locators ) that point to pages at a site .
A bastion host is a security firewall the protects an internal network from attacks that come from external networks such as the Internet .
A better approach to building wide area network backbones is discussed under " Frame Relay . " .
A big player is @ Home , which is a cable - specific ISP ( Internet service provider ) .
A binary 0 is represented by the first interval set low and the second interval set high .
A binary 1 is represented by the first interval set high and the second interval set low .
A bit called FECN ( forward explicit congestion notification ) is set to notify a receiving system of congestion and a bit called BECN ( backward explicit congestion notification ) is set to notify sending devices of congestion .
A block is a range of addresses ( without excess addresses ) appropriate for an organization 's needs .
A block of bits is put into each frame and delivered to the destination .
A boot virus is spread to the hard disk when the system is booted with an infected floppy disk .
A BOOTP server receives this message , obtains the configuration information for the designated computer , and returns it to the computer .
A BOS ( basic overseer ) server process runs in a BOS designated server .
A bottleneck occurs at the point of entry into the WAN or Internet .
A break in the cable affects only the attached workstation .
A bridge can also extend the physical distance limitation of a network like a repeater , with the added benefit of traffic filtering .
A bridge can extend the distance of a LAN and can be used to split a shared LAN into two segments so there are fewer stations trying to share each segment of the medium .
A bridge extends a LAN to create a much larger broadcast domain , but the bridge filters each individual segment 's broadcasts by dropping frames that are not addressed to devices on connected segments .
A bridge is a device that connects two network segments .
A bridge is a device that joins networks to create a much larger network .
A bridge is a LAN connection device with two or more ports that forwards frames from one LAN segment to another .
A bridge is one step up from a repeater in the hierarchy of network connection devices .
A bridge joins two or more network segments to form what appears to be a single LAN .
A bridge references a table that contains information about where to send a frame based on the MAC ( Medium Access Control ) level destination address in the frame .
A broadband transmission is an analog transmission with a wide range of frequencies .
A broadcast address can also be inserted in the field to send messages to all stations in a multipoint connection .
A broadcast domain is an Ethernet local area network segment in which transmissions can be heard by every station attached to the network .
A broadcast message is addressed to all stations on the network .
A broadcast storm occurs when a host system responds to a packet that is continuously circulating on the network or attempts to respond to a system that never replies .
A brouter is a hybrid device that represents the merging of bridge and router technology .
A burst is a continuous transfer of data without interruption from one device to another .
A bus topology network consists of a single cable trunk that connects one workstation to the next in a daisychain configuration , as shown in Figure B17 .
A business system may consist of data servers at far - flung locations that must contain the same information .
A CA is often called a " trusted authority " but there is more involved than the CA 's good name and how well you trust them .
A cable connects these hubs to the workgroup hub to allow communication to the rest of the network .
A cache is a block of memory that holds frequently used data or data that is waiting for another process to use it .
A call attached to another CO within the same LATA may go directly to that CO if a line exists or go through a tandem or toll office .
A call setup and disconnect sequence is required for dial - up lines .
A campus network may follow this same scheme , but wires lead across the campus to a central administrative area .
A carrier is a " slice " of the available spectrum .
A carrier might have created a PVC through an overburdened part of the network , and without adequate packet delivery information , you might not be able to access the problem .
A carrier signal is a specific frequency in a communication channel that is modulated to carry information .
A CDMA call at a rate of 9,600 bits / sec is spread out to over 1 Mbit / sec .
A cell is a collection of file servers and client systems within an autonomous area that is managed by a specific authority .
A cell is a fixed - length packet of data as opposed to a variable - length frame of data .
A cell is a fixed - size ( 53 bytes ) data packet .
A cell is a fixed size packet of information , as opposed to a frame , which is a packet of information .
A cell is similar to a packet , except that it is has a fixed length .
A cell switch is pictured in Figure C - 2 .
A cellular phone is different from a regular phone in that it has a transceiver ( transmitter / receiver ) .
A central computer manages and monitors the process .
A central hub or switch provides a connection point for hubs and switches in different buildings , departments , floors , and offices .
A central hub scans all its ports in a round - robin fashion to detect stations that want to transmit .
A central transmitter or transceiver , is installed that broadcasts signals to workstations .
A certificate authority basically puts the public key of some person that it has identified into the certificate and then signs the certificate with its private key .
A certificate can verify the authenticity of a user who is logging on to a secure server .
A certificate is basically a digital ID that is guaranteed by a well-known certificate authority such as VeriSign .
A challenge / response is a security mechanism for verifying the identity of a user or system that is attempting to make a connection to a secure system .
A challenge / response mechanism is also available .
A challenge or response protocol is used during user logon to avoid sending passwords in clear text over the communication link .
A change in the field between two possible states is called a flux transition .
A channel consists of a specific frequency within the bandwidth of frequencies allocated to the system .
A channel is a single communication path between two communicating devices that is created by physical connections or by multiplexing techniques .
A channel is essentially a communication path between two or more devices .
A characteristic of cable that must not be overlooked is its fire rating .
A checksum error may indicate a corrupted packet .
A checksum is appended so the frame can be checked for corruption .
A checksum is calculated on a frame by the sender and the receiver must perform the same calculation and come up with the same checksum .
A checksum is used to detect corruption of transmitted data , but if corruption is detected , the data is discarded and no other action is taken .
A check summing feature is used to ensure the integrity of packets .
A circuit - switched service is one in which you make a call to another location to transmit voice or data .
A circuit - switched service provides a temporary dedicated point - to - point circuit for data transmission through a carrier 's switching systems .
A circuit is an actual physical connection that provides a communication channel .
A circuit is basically a link between two devices .
A circuit relay firewall is a type of security firewall that provides a controlled network connection between internal and external systems .
A Cisco router running the DDR utility issues a dial - up command to the connected DCE ( data circuit - terminating equipment ) when it receives packets destined for remote networks .
A class D address can be compared to the channel number of a TV station .
A class D address is 32 bits long .
A class D scheme also exists for multicasting .
A class E is also defined for future use .
A class II hub is strictly a repeater that sends all incoming signals to all other ports without translation .
A classifier that maps incoming packets into some class so that packets in the same class can get the same treatment .
A client / server environment and TCP / IP support are available .
A client communicates with another object ( called the object implementation ) by passing requests through the ORB .
A client dynamically issues a request without requiring a specific IDL interface - specific stub .
A client initiates a session by sending a message to the server .
A client is software that acts on behalf of a user .
A client may be either a device or a user on a network that takes advantage of the services offered by a server .
A client operating system like Windows 95 has simple access controls for hiding files or for making them read - only .
A client provides an environment where users can create , send , receive , view , and store messages or other types of information .
A client sends a request to the server , and the server responds with a reply and disconnects .
A client server application distributes processing between the client and the server , with the server handling file and data access and the client handling presentation and user input .
A cluster controller is an IBM - manufactured or compatible device used to channel - attach 3270 terminals to a host system .
A cluster controller may also communicate with a host via a SDLC ( Synchronous Data Link Control ) link , or a bisynchronous link to a host - attached communication controller .
A cluster may also consist of more than two servers , as shown on the right in Figure C - 11 .
A clustered system is a group of computers that share the same data stores .
A CO is part of the telephone network in your area .
A coaxial cable stripping and crimping tool is required to mount connectors .
A codec ( coder / decoder ) is the device that transforms the analog signals to digital signals .
A coherent memory space simplifies programming , and the system can be scaled by adding more processing nodes without the performance degradation of typical shared - bus SMP systems .
A collapsed backbone is a bus or a silicon - based circuit that exists on the backplane of a wiring hub .
A collapsed backbone is equivalent to shrinking a bus cable system like Thinwire coaxial Ethernet down to the size of a small box .
A collision detection mechanism provides arbitration if two stations happen to transmit at the same time .
A collision occurs , and both devices stop transmission , wait for a random amount of time , then retransmit .
A collision occurs that must be corrected , and this causes throughput delays on the network .
A Commercial Guidelines and Auditing Standards committee was formed to oversee privacy issues and develop guidelines for an accreditation program .
A common attribute is " Archive Needed , " which indicates that a file has been modified and needs to be included in the next backup .
A common distance - vector routing protocol is RIP ( Routing Information Protocol ) .
A common element , such as a customer number , may link information across the databases .
A common frequency range used around the world is 60 to 108 kHz .
A common problem with any shared file system is that multiple users need to access the same file at the same time .
A common setup might support over 100 devices shared by many users and all operating at very high speed .
A common telephone company offering called Multirate ISDN is not necessarily automatic .
A common three - tier model is pictured in Figure D - 23 .
A communication controller is really a computer in itself with a bus , memory , and CPU .
A communication controller manages data input and output to a host computer or computer network .
A communication dialog may consist of multiple messages going back and forth between applications , in much the same way that two people might exchange a series of e - mail messages .
A communication link keeps services and data at remote sites available .
A communication protocol provides the rules and procedures that enable two or more devices to communicate over a medium and to establish sessions that manage the exchange of information .
A communication server is a dedicated system that provides communication services for users on a network who need to transfer files or access information on systems or networks at remote locations over telecommunication links .
A communication session starts by establishing connections between primary and secondary stations .
A communication system consists of a transmission medium and the devices that connect to it .
A communication system that connects two devices is said to be a point - to - point system .
A company installs an encrypting router at one site and another encrypting router at another site .
A company may set up its own dedicated lines or microwave towers and use broadband modems to achieve very high data rates between those sites .
A company that receives an IP network number can then assign each host on their network an IP address that includes the assigned network number plus a specific host address .
A comparison of tape capacities and data transfer rates is provided in Table S - 2 , but keep in mind that these numbers are typically high - end values and depend on the quality of the systems you buy .
A compatible 56 - Kbit / sec modem must be located at the other end of the link .
A competitor or foreign agent might stage this type of attack .
A complete IPX address is a 12 - byte hexadecimal number that may look similar to the following :
A complete list of standards organizations , associations , consortiums , and other groups would fill a whole book .
A complete X.500 system is called a " directory . " .
A compound document is like a container that holds text , graphics , and multimedia video and sound objects .
A compound document starts as a document created in an application like Microsoft Word , i . e . , it starts as a text document .
A computer 's address is usually the hardwired address of the NIC .
A computer attached to a network can start transmitting frames as soon as it has access to the network .
A computer may still use transport - level TCP to set up a connection - oriented session when necessary .
A computer on a network that offers services to users typically runs a number of different processes .
A concentrator is a device that provides a central connection point for the connection of terminal , computer , or communication devices .
A conditioned line is a normal telephone line that has been amplified and attenuation - equalized to reduce transmission problems caused by noise , phase jitters , and distortion .
A connection - oriented protocol basically sets up a session between the sender and receiver and can create a virtual circuit ( data pipe ) for streaming data across a network .
A connection - oriented session is a session between two end systems over a mesh network in which a virtual circuit is established through the network .
A connection - oriented session is actively monitored and dynamically managed to ensure proper delivery of data .
A connection is first established , data is transferred , and the connection is terminated .
A connection must first be requested by the sender and granted by the receiver .
A constellation of 66 Iridium satellites will orbit above the earth at an altitude of 420 nautical miles and communicate directly with handheld Iridium subscriber equipment .
A consumer selects items to buy , and the merchant presents him or her with an invoice and a request for payment .
A container can be given rights to access an object elsewhere in the directory tree .
A container is a branch in the NDS ( Novell Directory Services ) tree that relates to a department , division , or branch of the organization .
A container is a document or an application in which objects and components can be placed .
A container is a place where components can register themselves and publish their interfaces so that other components know how to interact with them .
A container is situated at the branches in the tree and holds other containers and leaf objects .
A contaminated file is either copied from a disk or downloaded from an online service , bulletin board , or the Internet .
A contrasting technology is messaging , as described under " MOM ( Message - Oriented Middleware ) . " .
A credit limit is a balance in an account that depletes as time and resources are used .
A cross platform API provides an interface for building applications or products that work across multiple operating systems or platforms .
A cryptanalyst is a person who analyzes and attacks a cipher .
A CSU / DSU ( channel service unit / data service unit ) links the bridge to the digital line , as shown in Figure B16 .
A CSU provides line termination and signal regeneration .
A customer 's data packets are encapsulated in SMDS packets , then placed into cells to take advantage of the greater speed of cell switching .
A customer with multiple sites will usually have multiple PVCs through the frame - relay network .
A CyberCoin is designed to imitate a real coin that you would insert into a newspaper stand to release the door and get a paper .
A data analyst uses OLAP software to view data in a multidimensional format , rather than the two - dimensional row and column format .
A data file that might take 4 seconds to write on a single drive can be striped to four separate drives in 1 second .
A data warehouse is a large - scale OLAP system that is specifically designed to extract , summarize , combine , clean up , and process information from a number of data sources such as the operational databases , legacy databases , and online subscription databases for the purpose of analysis .
A data warehouse may consist of many staging systems ( one for each department ) .
A data warehouse may contain legacy data , while an OLTP system is the actual day - to - day business system that collects and processes business data .
A data warehouse stores vast quantities of information and then stages often - accessed data on an intermediate system .
A data warehouse system can summarize large amounts of data , extracting , cleaning , combining , altering , and manipulating it in a way to make the resulting data more relevant to end users .
A database analyst usually handles the task of summarizing and extracting data from back - end systems and making it accessible to users .
A database server is a central depository for information that many users access .
A database server is a computer attached to a network that runs a client / server DBMS .
A database server is also an application server , but is optimized for disk I / O and may include attached servers that contain replicas of the data for fault tolerance .
A datagram service analogous to a letter delivery systems .
A datagram socket is a connectionless service that uses UDP ( User Datagram Protocol ) .
A DBMS is a complete package that provides a query language and provides access to the data .
A DBMS is a software program that typically operates on a database server or mainframe system to manage data , accept queries from users , and respond to those queries .
A DCE is a modem if the circuit is an analog voice line , or a DSU / CSU if the line is digital .
A DCE provides a connection for the DTE into a communication network and back again .
A DDE share is similar to sharing a file or sharing a printer , and it includes all the security - related functions that grant remote users access to information on another computer .
A decompression utility unpacks the files .
A dedicated circuit can also exist logically ( as a virtual circuit ) in switching networks such as X.25 , frame relay , and ATM networks .
A dedicated circuit is a data - communication pathway between two communicating systems .
A dedicated circuit is either a voice - grade analog line or a digital line such as a T1 - type service that provides transmission speeds up to 1.544 Mbits / sec or a T3 line at 45 Mbits / sec .
A dedicated line may be best on links where users constantly communicate between two sites and traffic is heavy and consistent .
A dedicated server is a computer system that is used exclusively to provide services to network users .
A default cluster size is selected based on the size of the drive , but a 512 - , 1,024 - , 2,048 - , or 4,096 - byte allocation size can be selected .
A default login script runs when a user first logs in and creates a number of environmental settings .
A description of the directory and file rights in Novell NetWare follows .
A description of the schema and a complete list of attributes can be found at http : / / www2.netapps . org / netapps on the Web .
A design goal for Connect 2 was to consolidate communication resources and services on a single platform .
A design goal was to have HPFS allocate as much of a file in contiguous sectors as possible to increase speed .
A developer references a particular part of the protocol stack that is appropriate for the product being developed .
A device called a cluster controller provides connections for a cluster of terminals and handles the input / output from the terminals to the host , as shown on the left in Figure I - 2 .
A device can choose to place data in the slot for transmission .
A device stores its selected address for use the next time it is turned on .
A device that links terminals , computers , and other computing devices to host computers .
A DFS volume starts out by being hosted by a specific computer .
A dial - up connection at 28.8 Kbits / sec is only sufficient for a few visitors at a time and you need to leave the line on 24 hours a day .
A dial - up connection may be sufficient for connecting small remote offices to the corporate network .
A dial - up line can provide an economical WAN connection in a number of scenarios .
A dial - up line is a connection or circuit between two sites through a switched telephone network .
A dial - up line may also be used to handle on - again , off - again traffic between corporate sites where little traffic is exchanged .
A dial - up line may also supplement a dedicated circuit .
A dial on demand link is often appropriate for this type of traffic  connections are made only when necessary , thus reducing call charges .
A different key used on the same plaintext will produce different ciphertext .
A digital certificate is something that can prove who you are on the Internet or on internal networks .
A digital envelope provides a way to encrypt a secret key in a message so you can send the key with the message to another person .
A digital signature works in the opposite direction .
A digital timestamp " binds " the time to a document to verify when it was created .
A directory is a parent to its subdirectories .
A directory naming service that keeps track of resources and information and where they are located .
A directory service can provide white page and yellow page services in distributed computing environments .
A directory service is a database that can be searched and manipulated in a number of ways to display information about a network and its resources .
A directory service provides " white page " services for an organization that helps people locate other people or services .
A directory service that maintains a database of users and services on the network .
A discovery process is initiated if an address is not found in the table .
A disgruntled employee may create a bomb to go off long after leaving the company so as to avoid suspicion .
A diskless workstation is an inexpensive computer without a floppy or hard disk drive .
A diskless workstation is less expensive than a system with floppy disk and hard disk drives .
A distributed application is divided into two parts  the front - end client and the back - end server .
A distributed backbone is a physical cable that snakes through an entire building or across a campus .
A distributed computing system consists of data located at multiple sites .
A distributed computing system is an evolutionary growth from centralized computer systems and client / server computer systems , as shown in Figure D - 24 .
A distributed file system should also implement single sign - on so users do not need to enter a password every time they access a file on a connected or replicated system .
A distributed file system should also provide replication .
A distributed file system should be able to allocate a file request to a server in a replicated set that is most available to handle the request .
A distributed file system should provide clients with access to files no matter where they are located .
A distributed file system that operates in a peer - to - peer mode to allow users working at workstations to act as both clients and servers .
A distributed management system lets administrators do the following :
A distributed network is one in which networks in different divisions , departments , or workgroups , all with different data sources , have been linked together to provide an enterprise - wide information system , as pictured in Figure D - 29 .
A distributed request that involves multiple statements executed on multiple databases , with multiple statements per database at a time .
A distributed unit of work that involves multiple statements executed on multiple databases with one statement per database at a time .
A diversity of management applications and protocols are available .
A DN ( distinguished name ) is a name that defines all the containers that form a path from the top of the tree to an object .
A document is viewed as " under construction " until it exits the workflow process .
A document moves through various stages of processing by being sent to appropriate people who work on the documents , authorize the documents , and validate them .
A document sent from , for example , a PC - based EDI system can be read by a mainframe - based EDI system because the text and data separators follow a standard format .
A document that displays OLE information is called a compound document and has the characteristics of a container that holds objects .
A domain is a collection of hosts and routers that use the same routing protocol and are administered by a single authority .
A domain is a logical grouping of systems and users within a department , division , or other organizational structure that is centrally managed by some authority .
A domain is a set of networks administered by a single company or organization .
A domain is basically an organization 's internal network , a collection of hosts and routers that are administered by a single authority , as pictured in Figure R - 11 .
A DQDB network is implemented as a ring , but the ring is not connected .
A driver manager supports connection to many different databases by managing driver interfaces to those databases .
A DSL modem is required at the customer site and the carrier must have supporting equipment to provide the service .
A DSU ( data service unit ) that can convert LAN packets into the 53 - byte cells specified in the DQDB standard is required .
A DSU is a communication device that connects a company 's telephone premises equipment to digital communication lines , such as a T1 .
A DTE is the source or destination of data in a communication connection connected to DCE ( data circuit - terminating equipment ) , which in turn is connected to the communication channel , as shown in Figure D - 33 .
A dual - homed proxy server does not perform routing functions between the NICs .
A dual attached device can bridge the ring if it is cut at some point .
A duplexed system provides data protection in the form of mirroring , in which data is simultaneously written in two places at once .
A failure in one of the components can be a serious problem with some applications .
A failure to detect multiple access causes data corruption and can lock the LAN segment .
A FAT entry describes the location of files or parts of those files on the disk .
A fax application is included that receives incoming faxes and displays them in a graphical interface where they can be manipulated as if working in a drawing program .
A fax server will usually require quite a few telephone lines to handle the incoming and outgoing faxing requirements of an organization .
A feature called InfoStreams will display pushed information as a stream across part of the desktop .
A feature called Mobile File Synch detects conflicts between the client and server files and can automatically duplicate to the server any tasks performed at the client and vice versa , if the user chooses .
A feature of modems that allows voice and data signals over the same link .
A feature of the product called the AS / 400 HTML Gateway converts AS / 400 applications to HTML , which is accessible by any Web browser .
A feature of transaction processing is the ability to roll back a transaction that cannot be completed ( due to insufficient funds or lack of credit , for example ) .
A few examples of the standards and tools now available for developing Web database connectivity are outlined here :
A few of Windows NT 's most important features are outlined here :
A few simple commands make this exchange possible .
A fiber - optic cable consists of a strand of pure glass a little larger than a human hair .
A fiber optic  based broadband modem can operate in the megabits - per - second range by converting electrical signals into optical signals .
A field exists in the token in which workstations can indicate the type of priority required for the transmission .
A field exists in the token in which workstations can indicate the type of priority required for the transmission .
A file can be referenced with a URL format similar to the following :
A file server process responds to client workstation requests for file services , maintains the directory structure , monitors file and directory status information , and verifies user access .
A file system distributed over a cluster appears as a single file system even if one of the servers in the clusters fails .
A file system provides persistent storage of information .
A firewall / proxy server provides a security barrier between the internal network and the external network .
A firewall puts up a barrier that controls the flow of traffic between networks , typically between a corporate network and the Internet but also between divisional networks or intercompany networks .
A flat monthly fee to an ISP ( Internet service provider ) pays for connection to a network that lets you deliver data to any location in the world at no extra charge .
A flow might consist of a video stream between a source and a destination or between one source and multiple destinations .
A fractional T1 line is a subchannel of a full T1 line that is sold by telephone companies and other providers at a lower price .
A FRAD ( frame relay access device ) is a router - type device that customers install at their site .
A Fragment Offset field includes a sequence number to indicate where the fragment belongs in the original datagram .
A frame from the Ethernet LAN enters one port of the bridge and exits out the other port for transmission on the adjoining Ethernet segment .
A frame is sent to all LAN segments except the one from which the frame originated .
A frame is usually addressed for a single computer , although a multicast address can be used to transmit to all workstations on the LAN .
A frame relay network will drop packets when the CIR is reached , meaning that the packets must be resent .
A frame switch is like a multiport bridge in which each port can support a single computer or a multiport hub .
A front - end application called a UA ( user agent ) that provides facilities for creating , addressing , sending , receiving , and forwarding messages .
A front - end processor , or FEP , is a dedicated computer that controls communication between an IBM host computer and the terminals that communicate with it .
A front - end processor is similar to the concentrator just described in function , but it is usually a dedicated computer in its own right that performs concentration functions at higher speeds and supports more attached devices .
A full - duplex modem sends signals in both directions at the same time and at the same rate .
A full - duplex transmission is a data transmission between two computers in which data can flow in both directions at the same time .
A full - featured firewall provides advanced screening , authentication , and proxy services to keep hackers and attackers from reaching vulnerable internal systems .
A full list can be found under the X.25 heading at Premenos .
A full duplex circuit is a bidirectional transmission path that can transmit both ways at the same time .
A fully developed B - ISDN environment would implement ATM cell switching everywhere  in computers and networks at customer sites and in the carrier network .
A funds transfer is a good example .
A gateway also refers to devices that translate between applications .
A gateway firewall acts like a middleman , relaying messages between internal and external clients and services .
A gateway is a computer system or other device that acts as a translator between two systems that do not use the same communication protocols , data formatting structures , languages , and / or architecture .
A gateway may also provide filtering and security functions , as in the case of a proxy server and / or firewalls .
A generic telecommunication wiring system for commercial buildings .
A glitch in the line during the transmission of a frame will corrupt the frame , but the receiver only needs to discard that frame and request another .
A glitch on the line may cause a lost frame .
A global catalog also exists that allows users to easily find an object no matter where it is in the tree .
A global directory service is necessary if we want to be able to locate anyone anywhere .
A global naming service is one that tracks users and services on an enterprise computing system , or even a network that spans the entire globe .
A goal is to use the same phone number for a user no matter where that person travels in the world .
A goal of the IETF 's RMON standard is to provide vendor - independent monitoring of all LANs from any network management platform .
A good example of collaborative applications designed for Internet use are Microsoft 's NetMeeting and NetShow .
A graphical software application lets managers control each device and network node from a single management station .
A group called MCNS ( Multimedia Cable Network System Partners ) Ltd . , consisting of Comcast Cable Communications , Cox Communications , Tele - Communications , and Time Warner Cable , has partnered with CableLabs on the DOCIS ( Data Over Cable Interface Specification ) project .
A group of vendors including Microsoft , IBM , Netscape , Novell , and Lotus defined the attributes and submitted them to the IETF ( Internet Engineering Task Force ) for consideration as a standard .
A group of vendors is working to make sure that the equipment they make will interoperate .
A guest account , which allows anyone to have access without a password , is usually activated on such systems , .
A hacker is a person that is knowledgeable enough about some computer system to be able to exploit that system in some way .
A hacker may also use a promiscuous mode device to capture network traffic for unscrupulous activities .
A hacker might work long hours to learn about a system , then come up with some way to make that system do something it wasn't designed to do .
A half duplex circuit is a bidirectional transmission path that provides transmission in both directions , but only one direction at a time .
A handoff takes place when the base station in one cell transfers control for a user 's call to a base station in another cell .
A hard disk is required for caching .
A hardwired NIC address that is associated with a computer attached to a specific LAN .
A hash function is an encryption mechanism that takes some plain text input and transforms it into a fixed - length encrypted output called a message digest .
A hash function is used in digital signatures and for other uses as described in a moment .
A hierarchical management system keeps a copy of the directory for near - line files available online to users .
A hierarchical tree provides a view of these files , and users can " drill down " through the tree to find just the information they are looking for .
A hierarchical wiring scheme uses a top - down structured approach to wiring that looks like a branch tree topology .
A hierarchical wiring structure is a priority for being able to handle this type of data traffic .
A high - capacity cable network upgrade is required in the form of HFC ( hybrid fiber - coax ) all the way to subscribers .
A high - priority transmission may hold up a midlevel priority transmission for an unacceptable period of time .
A high - speed connection is recommended for this type of connection .
A high transition represents a 1 and a low transition represents a 0 .
A higher level of interoperability is necessary , and this is where the enterprise strategies began to show their shortcomings .
A higher level internetwork address like that used in the TCP / IP protocol suite to identify individual stations attached to subnetworks of an internetwork .
A historical perspective on hypertext is given under " Hypermedia and Hypertext . " .
A history of recent passwords can be kept to prevent users from using a recent password .
A host acting as a client contacts a " server " host using NNTP , then inquires if any new newsgroups have been created on any of the serving host systems .
A host can also have one or more class D multicast addresses depending on the multicast groups it wants to belong to .
A host can send data immediately without the need to go through a session setup process .
A host is typically a powerful machine that runs applications for multiple X terminals .
A host may belong to multiple IASGs .
A host may decide to join or leave a group at any time and a host may be a member of more than one multicast group .
A host sends a message to all stations asking which station has a particular IP address .
A hub is a central component in a LAN or an enterprise network , depending on how you define a hub .
A hub with multiple computers can also be attached to a switch port .
A is one hop away and D is two hops away .
A Java - enabled browser can then access the management information .
A Java object must first obtain a reference to another Java object before it can invoke its methods .
A jukebox is an optical disk device that can automatically load and unload optical disks and provide as much as 500 gigabytes of near - line information .
A kernel - based operating system implements the layered approach shown in Figure K - 2 .
A kernel is the core component of most operating systems .
A key feature of Domino is that developers can leverage the Notes application development environment to create Web applications .
A key feature of this process is to integrate data using common naming conventions and consistent attributes , coding , and structure .
A key goal is to open up overseas markets and eliminate barriers caused by incompatible standards .
A key is applied to the algorithm that affects the ciphertext output .
A lack of a naming convention , along with a variety of techniques from different vendors and standards bodies , has only made things more confusing .
A lack of a naming convention , along with a variety of techniques from different vendors and standards bodies , has only made things more confusing .
A LAN , as its name implies , is limited to a local area .
A LAN also provides point - to - point connections over a shared medium .
A LAN driver is a workstation or server software module that provides an interface between a NIC ( network interface card ) and the upper - layer protocol software running in the computer .
A LAN gateway provides a pathway for data to flow from one LAN to another with an intermediate LAN providing the connection .
A LAN is a connectionless networking scheme , meaning that once a workstation is ready to transmit and has access to the shared medium , it simply puts the packets on the network and hopes that the recipient receives them .
A LAN is a network that is located in a relatively small area , such as a department or building .
A LAN is a shared communication system to which many computers are attached .
A LANE network is pictured in Figure L - 2 .
A large British bank has reportedly been paying ransom to a hacker that has proved on several occasions that he has the power to bring down their information system .
A large file must be fragmented in order to fit into packets , and eventually frames , at the data link layer .
A large percentage of information is cached once into the server 's memory rather than the memory of every workstation that needs it .
A LATA basically separates local and long-distance telephone markets .
A LATA is associated with an area code , and calls between LATAs are considered long distance .
A LATA is generally associated with a telephone area code .
A layer 3 switch is capable of looking at the network address in a frame and forwarding the frame based on information in a table that matches the network address with membership in a particular VLAN .
A layer of functionality in one computer communicates with its peer layer in other computers .
A layered architecture lets the microkernel host diverse operating systems such as UNIX , and OS / 2 on multiple platforms such as the Motorola PowerPC RISC processor and Intel processors .
A leak of the administrator account password is a serious problem .
A learning bridge , also called an adaptive bridge , " learns " which network addresses are on one side of the bridge and which are on the other so it knows whether or not to forward packets it receives .
A leased line is a communication circuit that is set up on a permanent basis for an organization by a public service provider such as a LEC ( local exchange carrier ) , a long - distance IXC ( inter exchange carrier ) , or both .
A leased line is a communication circuit that is set up on a permanent basis for an organization by a public service provider such as a LEC ( local exchange carrier ) , a long - distance IXC ( interexchange carrier ) , or both .
A LEC ( local exchange carrier ) has a franchise within a LATA ( intraLATA ) to provide services .
A LEC ( local exchange carrier ) has a franchise within a LATA ( intraLATA ) to provide services .
A LEC is a telephone company that operates within a local area .
A LEC may be an RBOC or an independent telephone company .
A LEC may be an RBOC or an ITC ( independent telephone company ) .
A legitimate and safe way to exchange programs over the Internet .
A legitimate and safe way to exchange programs over the Internet .
A licensing package typically holds keys that allow users to access software applications .
A licensing service lets administrators monitor the use of licensed applications .
A light - emitting diode on one end of the cable then flashes those signals down the cable .
A limited form of broadcasting is called multicasting .
A line - polling technique is used to establish a connection speed when the line is first established .
A line conditioner can provide the following :
A link segment is the connection between a workstation and a hub .
A linked object may be stored in another location .
A linked or embedded object maintains an association with the application that created it and can be edited in place .
A list of e - mail vendors that support Internet protocols and provide cross - platform support can be found under " Electronic Mail . " .
A list of related Web sites is listed under " Apple Computer . " .
A list of telecommunications companies and their Web site addresses are listed under " Telecommunications Companies " in Appendix A .
A list of these vendors is provided in Appendix A .
A list of vendors that make backup products is presented at the end of this section , under " Information on the Internet . " .
A load - balancing bridge / router is able to increase the bandwidth between two sites by dialing additional lines and balancing the traffic load across those lines .
A local bridge provides connection ports for two or more LANs , and is used to interconnect LAN segments within the same building or area as shown on the bottom in Figure B11 .
A local file system may allow users to only access local disk drives .
A local port makes a connection to a remote socket .
A logical connection is set up between the two remote processes and the transfer of information takes place over the physical network .
A logical link is a communication link between two systems that appears to be a direct physical nonshared connection for transmitting data .
A logical link is established in the LLC ( Logical Link Control ) sublayer of the data link layer .
A login script is a series of commands that execute when a user logs in .
A logon restriction can define an expiration date for the account , locking out the user after a certain period of time .
A logon routine that requires a password is the best example .
A long sag can cause damage to power supplies .
A loop configuration is also available to provide a fault - tolerant cabling path that has no single point of failure .
A MAC address is the hardwired address of a NIC ( network interface card ) .
A Mac OS compatibility environment is also included .
A magnetic recording system such as a hard drive records information by changing a magnetic field over the disk surface .
A mail program running on a user 's computer follows these standards and presents an interface to the user for reading , creating , and deleting messages .
A mail server must run both protocols if it is to receive , store , and forward messages .
A mailing list is usually set up to disseminate information about a particular topic , such as computers , politics , finance , stocks , or many other topics .
A mailing list program is a program that uses Internet protocols to automate e - mail message distribution to members of a mailing list .
A mainframe computer system is a high - end computing platform that has traditionally been based on the central processing model , where relatively " dumb " terminals ( input and display devices ) connect to a central system where all processing is done .
A major objective of AFS / DFS is to make the way users retrieve information the same from any location , allowing users to collaborate and share information .
A MAN is a backbone network that spans a metropolitan area and may be regulated by local or state authorities .
A managed object is a logical representation of a real physical entity on the network .
A management group that has rights to create new user accounts .
A management mechanism called station management enables system administrators to manage and monitor FDDI networks , isolate faulty nodes , and route traffic .
A management protocol called LMI ( Local Management Interface ) provides information about the status of PVC - to - network access devices .
A management tool can provide you with the information you need to demand better service .
A manager can create a mailing list and have all messages submitted to the list server automatically forwarded to the names on the list .
A manufacturing , research , and long-distance operation called AT &amp; T Corporation was allowed to continue operation .
A marketing person working with Team X gets physically relocated to a special facility , where he or she works with other Team X members from other departments such as engineering and design .
A master database is still maintained at one site , and a partition is a portion of that database that is replicated to another site .
A matrix switch ( also called a crossbar switch ) has a number of input ports and a number of output ports .
A MAU is a hub device in a token ring network that provides the connection point for multiple computers .
A maximum charge rate is usually set as well .
A medium access method is supposed to prevent two or more systems from transmitting at the same time on a shared medium .
A member of the group is designated as a producer and consumers and other members of the group can be either consumers or just master .
A mesh network transfers information ( in frame , packet , or cell form ) through various network paths to a destination .
A message digest is a long string of numbers that is calculated by using the text of the message as the basis for the calculation .
A message might need to move between a number of mail servers before it reaches its destination .
A message system is a delivery system that transports requests and responses throughout the data system .
A message transmitted on a LAN must pass through no more than two repeaters before either reaching its destination or passing through a LAN bridge .
A message usually requests that an object do something .
A metadata store is a system that holds information about the location and structure of data in the data warehouse .
A MIB ( management information base ) is a collection of managed objects .
A MIB extension called RMON ( Remote Monitoring ) provides a way for agents running on network segments to collect information on their own about network segments , thus reducing network traffic caused by polling .
A MIB has a tree structure , and the top of the tree is defined by the ISO ( International Organization for Standardization ) .
A MIB is a data file that contains a complete collection of all the objects that are managed in a network .
A MIB is a database of managed objects having a hierarchical structure and is the focus of the management structure .
A MIB is defined as part of SNMP ( Simple Network Management Protocol ) , a network management protocol used in TCP / IP environments .
A MIB is defined by SMI ( Structure of Management Information ) , which provides the tools for creating and identifying data types and data representations .
A microwave transmission system consists of two directional antennas in which beams of radio - wave energy are focused in a point - to - point configuration , as shown here :
A mirror site is a duplicate site , often associated with a busy Web site .
A mirror site might also be a duplicate data center meant to go into operation should a master data center site go down due to natural disasters or other problems .
A mobile user has a " home " network where his or her computer is normally attached .
A modem at the other end of the link reconverts the analog signals back to digital pulses .
A modem at the receiving end demodulates the signal back into digital information .
A modem at the receiving end then extracts the digital information from the carrier signal .
A modem at the sending device converts computer digital signals into analog signals that can be transmitted over telephone lines .
A modem converts digital data to analog signals .
A modem is a device that can be used to transmit digital signals over analog transmission lines .
A modem is attached to a cellular phone , and data is transmitted on a dedicated circuit for the duration of the call instead of broken into packets .
A modem is required at both ends of a transmission to modulate , then demodulate the signal .
A modem puts an AC ( alternating current ) carrier signal on the line ( in the 1,000 to 2,000 Hz range ) and adds digital information to this signal .
A modular hub chassis , illustrated in Figure H - 9 , provides a connection for multiple network cards , power supplies , and network management options .
A more common communication method used by mobile computer users is circuit - switched cellular .
A more common technique is to bypass HTTP and its limitations .
A more common usage is to refer to objects at the end of hierarchical directory structures as leaf objects ( i . e . , files in a directory tree or objects in a directory services tree such as Novell Directory Services ) .
A more complete list of organizations , protocols , and other miscellaneous security information can be found at the following site or at the sites listed at the end of this section :
A more complex byte - oriented strategy involves sending multiple characters in a single frame that begins with a start character ( byte ) and an end character ( byte ) .
A more effective method is to create a phrase and use the first letter of each word as the password .
A more effective method is to create a phrase and use the first letter of each word as the password .
A more efficient method would be to give the agents their own personal computers and have them enter the traffic data as it occurs , then transfer that data to the central office on a regular basis or upon the request of a manager who needs it .
A more efficient routing protocol is OSPF ( Open Shortest Path First ) .
A more elaborate model is shown on the left in Figure C - 9 , in which a database is copied to a remote system so that users at the remote site can access data at their local site rather than over a WAN link .
A more intelligent smart card may run a relatively sophisticated program .
A more practical approach is to split networks into smaller broadcast domains , each segment is now a separate broadcast domain with fewer stations than before , so there is less contention .
A more useful and advanced CDF can provide users with a very elaborate description of a site and its contents .
A mounted file system is available for use .
A multicast group is a select group of computers that can receive packets from a host that is transmitting multicast packets .
A multicasting technique is also available in which a frame can contain an address that multiple stations will receive as a group .
A multigigabit router is a router that has been optimized in every way to improve speed .
A multihoming feature is planned to allow a server to have multiple TCP / IP addresses for the same network interface card .
A multimedia network must have enough bandwidth to support all the normal data traffic and the new multimedia traffic .
A multiplexor at the other end demultiplexes the signals .
A multiplexor is a device that merges the data from multiple terminals into one line and then ships the merged data over the link , where it is demultiplexed at the other end .
A multiprocessing system is a computer that has more than one processor .
A multiprotocol router is designed to handle a variety of network - layer communication protocols , not just one protocol .
A multistage matrix switch is pictured on the right in Figure M - 4 .
A NAK is different than a normal acknowledgment in that it indicates that a packet was received in a corrupted state .
A name server accepts queries from people or applications about information related to accessing network resources like servers and printers .
A named pipe is a communication channel used to transfer information among programs , processes , and devices over the network .
A naming service is similar to a phone book or directory of users and services on a network .
A NAP is a top - level traffic exchange point in the routing hierarchy of the Internet .
A NAP provides either high - speed switching or shared LAN technology that allows multiple providers to exchange traffic .
A NetWare 4.11 server supports up to 64 volumes .
A NetWare volume is the highest level of storage in the NetWare filing system .
A network - attached computer may run several different processes , and each process is identified by a particular socket number .
A network - connected device operating in promiscuous mode captures all frames on a network , not just frames that are addressed directly to it .
A network administrator can program paths through the network based on the type of traffic .
A network administrator programs two devices with the same key , and then personally transports them to their physical locations .
A network administrator uses NDMP - compatible software to schedule backups on NDMP host systems and perform other management tasks .
A network analyzer is a monitoring , testing , and troubleshooting device .
A network analyzer operates in this mode to capture network traffic for evaluation and to measure traffic for statistical analysis .
A network auditing system logs details of what users are doing on the network so that malicious or unintended activities can be tracked .
A network built with switching devices can treat each workstation as an independent entity , and groups of these workstations can be joined into a virtual broadcast domain , no matter where they are attached to the physical network .
A network interface card such as an Ethernet adapter has a hardwired address that is assigned at the factory .
A network is a communication system that allows users to access resources on other computers and exchange messages with other users .
A network is a data communication system that links two or more computers and peripheral devices .
A network meeting application that allows users to hold meetings over the network .
A network provides the routing system that moves documents to and from storage , and among users who need to view and make changes to the documents or sign the documents and validate their authenticity .
A network service provider is a carrier or other provider that provides services to local and regional ISPs ( Internet service providers ) .
A network switch connects two computers by temporarily bridging the ports that those computers are attached to .
A network technician might use source routing to diagnose problems or time the throughput of packets along a specific path .
A network topology is the physical layout of a network .
A network user account holds information such as username , password , and restrictions to the network .
A new breed of relatively inexpensive multifunction cable testers is now available that provides a wide range of functions .
A new international standard that has the potential to integrate all the world 's telephone systems and associated communication channels is SONET ( Synchronous Optical Network ) and the SDH ( Synchronous Digital Hierarchy ) .
A new trend is to build intranets in which all data is centralized on clustered servers that can handle the requests of many , many users at the same time .
A new version of SOCKS ( version 5 ) that was finalized in 1996 includes interesting features such as authentication , the ability to go through multiple firewalls , improved security policies , and more flexible filtering methods .
A new way to connect storage devices is directly to the network , as described in the Server Switching section under the topic Servers .
A news service , such as the one provided by MSNBC ( Microsoft and NBC ) , is another interesting application .
A node can be compared to a separate computer with a set of processors and its own memory , cache , and bus .
A node is a network - connected device such as a workstation , a server , or a printer .
A non - internetwork protocol lacks the equivalent of the city and ZIP code addressing mechanism .
A nonbroadcast multiple access network is a network to which multiple computers and devices are attached , but data is transmitted directly from one computer to another over a virtual circuit or across a switching fabric .
A normal backup copies all the files selected for backup to a backup device and marks the files with a flag to indicate that they have been backed up .
A normal client / server environment consists of clients accessing servers .
A normal client / server environment consists of clients accessing servers .
A NOS also provides a shared file system ( although that is not a strict requirement ) and a set of security features and controls to control user access to network resources .
A NOS provides a set of protocols for accepting requests from clients and responding to those requests .
A NUMA ( Non - Uniform Memory Access ) system : is a multinode system that appears as a single SMP computer to applications by using software and hardware techniques that make the memory in separate nodes appear as a large virtual block of memory .
A NUMA system is similar to an MPP system in that it consists of nodes .
A number of companies are involved in setting standards and developing products for electronic commerce .
A number of computer manufacturers are creating CDPD - enabled portable devices , often called PDAs ( personal digital assistants ) .
A number of developments correct these problems .
A number of encryption algorithms and security techniques can be used , including DES and RC2 encryption or RSA public - key signing .
A number of factors determine data transfer rates , including bandwidth of the line , transmission impairments , distance , media type , and so on .
A number of interesting routing solutions are being devised to handle this , as discussed in the following sections .
A number of interesting routing techniques have been developed in the ATM environment .
A number of Internet drafts are available at the issll Web site at http : / / www . ietf . org / html . charters / issll - charter . html .
A number of Internet protocols and applications already use public - key technology to secure transactions .
A number of methods to manage desktop systems have been proposed and implemented over the years , and some operating systems include their own configuration utilities .
A number of network clients also support the protocol , including Microsoft Windows .
A number of other companies are working on collaborative products that do many of the same things as NetMeeting and NetShow .
A number of other protocols are available that use the same formats and procedures as HDLC .
A number of other security protocols , initiatives , and specifications are being developed .
A number of overlay schemes have been developed to allow " legacy " Ethernet LANs to be connected to ATM backbones .
A number of proposals , drafts , and standards have been written to help ATM work with existing network technology .
A number of proposals are in the works to increase the size of this initial window , which will reduce or eliminate the round - trip delays and improve performance .
A number of protocols have been developed to dynamically assign IP addresses as will be discussed in a moment .
A number of protocols have been developed to handle secure sessions and secure transactions , as outlined here and discussed under separate headings in the book :
A number of send mail replacements exist , especially in the DOS and Windows environment where entirely new programs had to be developed to work with the traditionally UNIX - based mail system .
A number of techniques , one of which is compression , are used to compensate for this .
A number of techniques are used to minimize bandwidth problems , such as delivering only information that has changed , not entire pages .
A number of techniques can boost network performance .
A number of technologies are available to provide user authentication and secure logon for users that are running Web browsers .
A number of trends are providing a network infrastructure for delivering real - time multimedia over internal networks .
A number of vendors , including D2K Inc . , are developing applications that deliver warehoused data to Web browsers .
A number of vendors have defined CORBA - compliant ORBs :
A number of vendors have developed methods that add support for prioritization and policy - based networking to existing " best - effort " datagram networks .
A number of vendors have very sophisticated network analyzers .
A one - time password system is designed to reduce or eliminate security problems associated with logging on to remote systems .
A one - way encryption algorithm is applied to create this digest .
A packet - filtering firewall uses the strip - search method .
A packet - switched network provides simultaneous connections to many points and bandwidth on demand in most cases .
A packet - switched network transports data ( or digitized voice ) over a mesh of interconnected circuits .
A packet - switched service is more like an any - to - any connection , in which packets from one site can be routed to many different destination sites over a packet - switched network .
A packet arrives at a router that is addressed to a host on another LAN across the ATM network .
A packet is defined just above under " Packet . " .
A packet might be sent to a router at the very top of the hierarchy in order to find a path to its destination .
A packet scheduler that manages the forwarding of packet streams .
A paper called " Connecting Your PBX to the Internet " by Pacific Telephony Design , located at the PhoneZone Web site ( http : / / www . phonezone . com ) describes a PBX connection to the Internet : " Several companies have produced software and hardware products which essentially fool a PBX into seeing the Internet as a bank of ordinary phone lines through which it can place and receive phone calls .
A parallel bus transmits data in synchronization over multiple lines , which can go out of synchronization as cable lengths increase .
A parity bit is appended to a block of data , normally at the end of a 7 - bit ASCII character .
A parity bit is sometimes used for error detection and correction .
A partition can be replicated to another location .
A passive hub is a four port connector with BNC jacks , as shown here :
A password could be discovered because it is too simple ( such as the name of the user 's dog , for example ) .
A password cracker is a person that guesses passwords .
A password is a secret code required to log on or access a secure system .
A password is sent across a network in plain text ( unencrypted ) and is monitored by someone .
A path with a guaranteed bandwidth is predefined through the network by the service provider .
A PBX is a circuit - switching system that handles voice calls and data links .
A PBX is a telephone circuit - switching device that services a number of telecommunication devices .
A PBX will also connect any internal extension with any other internal extension ( station - to - station calling ) , or provide DOD ( direct outward dialing ) .
A PC 's keyboard is mapped to the 3270 keyboard format .
A performance boost is gained on the network without the need to upgrade existing NICs in workstations .
A permanent virtual circuit is set up in advance by the carrier and provides continuous service .
A person analyzes a system to verify its integrity .
A person called the auditor is designated to track events on the network .
A person signs a document by encrypting all or part of the document with his or her private key , making the resulting message encryption unique to that user .
A phone card is an example of a simple smart card .
A pipe is opened like a file and read to or written to in the manner of a file .
A PKI is a hierarchy of certificate authorities that verify each other 's public keys , as discussed under " PKI ( Public - Key Infrastructure ) . .
A place to deliver data must be obtained in the form of a computer 's IP address and the port number in that computer associated with the process that should receive the data .
A point - to - multipoint connection is shown at the bottom of Figure P - 5 .
A point - to - point connection between two computers or devices consists of a wire in which data is transmitted as a stream of bits .
A point - to - point connection is a communication link between two end systems .
A POP is the point where long - distance telephone service providers ( IXCs , or interexchange carriers ) connect into regional and local telephone systems .
A POP3 and SMTP mail server are also part of the plan , along with a plan to support the emerging IMAP protocol .
A popular shareware utility called PKZIP ( http : / / www . pkware . com ) is used almost exclusively to compress files .
A popular trend among hackers is to get a job as a janitor at the target site they intend to attack .
A port is the address where an application makes itself available on a particular host .
A power conditioner and an uninterruptible power supply are used at the server .
A power failure or a failed communication link may also cause an incomplete transaction .
A PPP or native ISDN connection is established between the client and the ISP .
A premises distribution system is a preplanned network of cabling within a building or campus environment designed for the transmission of voice and data .
A primary characteristic of a hash function is that it is easy to compute the message digest but extremely difficult if not impossible to revert the message digest back to the original plain text .
A primary goal is to prevent the sending system from sending articles that the receiver already has .
A primary goal was to improve security , add new management features , and make information retrieval more efficient .
A printer device attached to a PU Type 2 is either an LU Type 1 or LU Type 3 , depending on the printer type .
A priority value is also assigned to each bridge .
A problem in many buildings and with many computer and network installations is that sensitive electronic equipment and computers are often in the path of the shortest lead to ground .
A procedure call provides a way for procedures running in a computer to talk to one another .
A procedure call that takes place between two different computers via some communication link is called a remote procedure call , or RPC .
A processor handling one task can be overworked while another processor sits idle .
A producer can send messages to the group after first obtaining a token from the master .
A product that competes with Firewire is USB ( Universal Serial Bus ) , discussed elsewhere in this book .
A profile login script belongs to a group of users who don't necessarily belong to the same container .
A program called mail is the most pervasive user agent in the UNIX environment because it comes with most UNIX systems .
A program in memory may fail or cause errors that are thought to be program bugs .
A proposed initial sequence number is also inserted into the Sequence Number field of the header .
A proposed standard called CCP ( Compression Control Protocol ) provides a way for two linked systems to negotiate the type of data compression over a PPP ( Point - to - Point Protocol ) connection .
A protocol called DAP ( Directory Access Protocol ) provides the interface for accessing these services .
A protocol called DAP ( Directory Access Protocol ) provides the interface for accessing these services .
A protocol called DLSw ( Data Link Switching ) is based on its standards .
A protocol called IIOP ( Internet Inter - ORB Protocol ) provides Internet connectivity for CORBA .
A protocol called RSVP ( Resource Reservation Protocol ) was in the draft stages at the IETF at the time of this writing .
A protocol called the ASP ( Application Support Protocol ) interfaces the ARs with the ASs .
A protocol similar to S - HTTP is SSL ( Secure Sockets Layer ) , which provides the same authentication and encryption functionality .
A proxy agent is a device that can run an agent for such a device and provide it with SNMP functions .
A proxy server , like a firewall , is designed to protect internal resources on networks that are connected to other networks such as the Internet .
A proxy server caches information for internal users who visit the Internet .
A proxy server can also provide a caching service for internal users .
A proxy server gateway is a form of firewall that allows internal network users to access the Internet while blocking Internet users from accessing the internal network .
A proxy server is a caching and security device .
A proxy server runs as software on a computer and acts on behalf of a client to make requests outside the client 's network .
A proxy service acts as an agent for a user who needs to access a system on the other side of the firewall .
A proxy service can " represent " an internal user on the Internet by changing the IP address of the client in packets to its own IP address .
A PU is a data communication device in an IBM SNA ( Systems Network Architecture ) network .
A public package called Majordomo is also available .
A PVC is a fixed circuit that is defined in advance by a public network carrier ( or a network manager on an internal network ) .
A PVC is a logical point - to - point circuit between customer sites .
A PVC is a preprogrammed circuit between two defined points , while an SVC is a circuit that can be set up on the fly between any other points in the network .
A PVC is set up at the time of registration by a carrier and exists until the carrier takes it down .
A PVC is used on a circuit that includes routers that must maintain a constant connection in order to transfer routing information in a dynamic network environment .
A PVC may have a monthly rate or a per - packet charge .
A query for a particular customer may pull the customer 's address from one database , an account balance from another , and some historical purchasing information from another .
A queue arbitration method ( often called a fair use method ) is used to ensure that stations nearest the slot generator don't grab all the available cells to use for their own transmissions .
A queuing delay will also affect throughput .
A RADIUS server is attached to the network as a third - party authentication service .
A RAID appears as a single drive .
A real point - to - point connection is a wire that directly connects two systems .
A realm includes all the users and servers that the AS server keeps track of , as explained in a moment .
A reason for doing this is to protect the internal network if the bastion host succumbs to an attack .
A receiver might not be able to process packets at the same speed as the sender , so its buffers quickly back up and packets get dropped .
A receiver of a digital signal must have some way of knowing the beginning and end of each bit sequence in the data stream .
A receiving device then " tunes " itself to the designated frequency and extracts the modulated signal .
A recent deployment in the Washington D . C . area by APC ( American Personal Communications ) has been extremely successful at delivering good service .
A recipient can also respond to a message and the response is sent to everyone in the multicast group .
A record is kept for every activity that is designated for tracking .
A redirector is a program running in a network - attached workstation that intercepts network - related requests and redirects them over the network to file servers or peer workstations .
A regulation mechanism is used to prevent one station from holding the token for too long .
A related technology called DCOM ( Distributed COM ) is what allows ActiveX components to communicate across networks and the Internet .
A related technology that provides secure private connections for remote dial up users is discussed under Virtual Dial - up Services . .
A relative newcomer for backbone technologies is Gigabit Ethernet , which is compatible with existing Ethernet networks and relies on raw speed to compete with ATM .
A relatively new access protocol called WDMA ( Wavelength Division Multiple Access ) provides multichannel transmission capabilities on fiber - optic networks .
A relatively new trend is the single - board PBX , which is installed in a network server to provide a relatively inexpensive PBX solution for small businesses .
A relatively recent development for token ring has been the advent of token ring switches .
A relay station consists of two antennas , each focused on a distant antenna in a different direction .
A reliable multicast protocol called MTP ( Multicast Transport Protocol ) .
A reliable service must provide flow control to prevent packets from overrunning slow receivers .
A reliable service must take steps to ensure that all the intended sites received data .
A remote access dial - up service feature lets telecommuters and mobile workers connect to network resources at the home office network .
A remote cluster controller such as the IBM 3174 R serves as the connection point for multiple terminals at a remote site , and more than one can be used if necessary .
A remote user wishing to connect with the corporate LAN from a location that would normally require a long - distance telephone call instead connects with a local ISP .
A repeater can provide an extension to a network that reaches a distant workstation , but bridges or routers should be used to extend networks if a lot of additional workstations are involved .
A repeater helps reduce the problems of attenuation .
A repeater is a device that can extend an Ethernet LAN by amplifying and retiming the signals .
A repeater is a simple add - on device for extending a network by boosting the cable 's signal .
A repeater simply extends the broadcast domain of the network .
A replacement is IDEA ( International Data Encryption Algorithm ) , a block - oriented secret - key encryption algorithm developed by the Swiss Federal Institute of Technology .
A reservation protocol may also be used .
A resource is an object on the Internet or an intranet that resides on a host system .
A ring - in and ring - out receptacle is provided on each MAU for this purpose .
A rotary UPS that uses the inertia of a large flywheel to carry the computer system through brief outages .
A round - robin approach is used to distribute cells across the lines .
A route server is not required .
A route server is not required .
A router - based Internet connection allows point - to - point connections between clients on internal networks and Internet servers .
A router connects two or more networks and runs a routing protocol that " discovers " the layout of the internetwork by exchanging routing information with other routers .
A router is basically a box with an input and one or more outputs .
A router is essential for connecting heterogeneous networks because it operates at the network layer protocol along with TCP / IP .
A router is initially used to establish a route between two systems in different VLANs and to provide security aspects of verifying that the two systems can set up a connection .
A router is needed to connect your site to the ISP .
A router is required at each location , assuming each site has a different network address .
A router is used to establish paths through the network , and then packets are forwarded along the route using layer 2 switching .
A router joins two subnetworks ( A and B ) to create the internetwork ( A / B ) .
A router may be installed to provide internetworking .
A router might perform these services .
A router references a routing table to determine the next hop in a router - connected network on which to forward a packet .
A router that supports bonding will dial and connect one or more extra transmission lines and combine them into a single channel .
A router with a number of ports such as that pictured in Figure R - 10 has a cost assigned to each of its ports .
A sag might continue for a period of time if the building is incorrectly wired or the utility company is having a problem .
A SAP broadcast normally occurs every 60 seconds and includes the name , network address , and type of service provided by a server .
A schedule of updates can also be included .
A scheduling program that schedules a group of people into meetings after evaluating their current personal schedules .
A scheme called Manchester encoding is used on Ethernet LANs .
A screening router may be a stand - alone routing device or a computer that contains two network interface cards .
A search engine implements a program called a spider or Web crawler , which goes out on the Web and retrieves Web documents based on predefined parameters or requests made by users .
A sector is a block of data .
A secure channel service can provide this level of security .
A security association is a relationship between two or more entities ( i . e . , computers on different sides of the Internet ) that describes how the entities will utilize security services to communicate securely .
A security server accepts queries from applications about the access rights of users and other security information .
A segment is a collection of up to 30 stations connected with cable in a daisy - chain fashion .
A segment is the actual entity that TCP uses to exchange data with its peers .
A semi tractor trailer is attempting to negotiate a tight turn .
A sender can overflow a receiver with too many packets and still continue to send packets if it does not know about the overflow .
A sender encrypts a message with the receiver 's public key and that message can only be decrypted with the receiver 's private key .
A sending computer puts the NIC address of the recipient computer in the frame that it is sending that computer .
A separate proxy must be installed for each application - level service .
A separate transaction monitor first informs both systems about the transaction .
A separate wire of inexpensive twisted - pair wire then runs to each workstation .
A serial bus transmits one bit after another over a single wire at very high speed .
A server establishes sockets in order to provide services to clients .
A server is a network - connected computer system that provides services to network users .
A server may also reject messages from some sources or prevent a particular system from receiving messages .
A server may need to pass a request on to another server , in which case it becomes a client to the server receiving the request .
A server process running in some system waits for a request from a client .
A server sends out SAP messages every 60 seconds .
A server ticket has specific time parameters and only allows a specific user at a specific client computer to access a specific server .
A server version is called OS / 2 Warp Server and is discussed in the next section .
A session is a communication channel to network addressable units .
A session is established so that both systems can exchange data and status information about the session .
A share can be taken offline without affecting the rest of the volume .
A shared bus on the backplane moves data among the modules and ports installed in the hub .
A shared directory is often called a published or exported directory .
A short distance line within a metropolitan area may cost $ 1,500 per month while a long - distance line across the Unites States may cost $ 20,000 per month .
A signal made up of various frequencies is prone to delay distortion caused by impedance , resistance that changes at different frequencies .
A similar , but older and less robust , privacy protocol is PEM ( Privacy - Enhanced Mail ) , which is covered under its own heading .
A similar client / server security protocol is S - HTTP ( Secure Hypertext Transfer Protocol ) .
A similar group is the IETF TCP Large Windows Working Group .
A similar initiative is L2TP ( Layer 2 Tunneling Protocol ) , which combines Microsoft 's PPTP ( Point - to - Point Tunneling Protocol ) and Cisco 's L2F ( Layer 2 Forwarding ) .
A similar protocol called PPP Multilink is under development by the IETF .
A similar standard is Novell 's ODI ( Open Data link Interface ) .
A similar standard used elsewhere in the world is called SDH ( Synchronous Digital Hierarchy ) .
A similar strategy from Netscape , called Constellation , integrates a universal graphical user interface and a browser that is designed to be resident in a server .
A similar strategy is the Windows Terminal .
A similar technique is used to allow remote and mobile users to connect into corporate networks by going through the Internet .
A similar technology is available for Java called JAR ( Java Archive Format ) .
A simple clustering solution is pictured on the left in Figure C - 11 .
A simple database is a collection of records that contain fields of information .
A simple hub is basically a repeater .
A simple name and address database is basically a flat - file database , since all the information can be stored in one file .
A simple ODBC - based database is used to store management information .
A simple packet - switched network is shown in Figure P - 1 .
A simple request for a TGT is sent to the AS .
A simple server or communication link failure is a disaster to a company that relies on that server to provide life - saving information or business transaction information .
A simplex circuit is a unidirectional transmission path that transmits signals in one direction .
A simplified diagram is pictured in Figure D - 1 .
A single - ended bus uses a signaling scheme that has limited cable lengths .
A single acknowledge response is sent after the burst of packets has been received .
A single administrator can lock down the configuration of a users desktop to provide control , consistency , and security .
A single administrator can manage all the domains , or each domain can be managed separately with its own tight security .
A single application can also be run across the cluster , and all the servers are used as a single processor .
A single cable up to 5 meters in length is used to daisy - chain devices to a single port .
A single channel is used for transmitting data , so mobile devices must sort through the blocks and pull out only those blocks meant for it .
A single integrated application automates business processes between companies using the Internet or private networks .
A single key is used for both encrypt and decrypt messages .
A single key is used to encrypt data .
A single MAX TNT ( called a shelf ) supports up to 16 modules and redundant , load balancing power supplies .
A single operating system ensures that any processing task is handed off to any processor that is available to handle it .
A single organization might have numerous e - mail systems that were implemented in the days when departments or workgroups maintained their own LANs .
A single packet can be addressed to a group , rather than having to send a packet to each member of the group .
A single station attached to a port has the full bandwidth of that port .
A single thread does not dominate the processor , but instead is given a small amount of time to complete some or all of its tasks .
A single workstation or a hub of workstations can be attached to one of the ports .
A site - to - site connection is the most common way to set up an Internet VPN between two network sites .
A site may actively pull information from another site or the other site may push the information to it .
A smaller frame translates to a smaller block of data that is affected by a communication glitch .
A smart card is a card about the size of a credit card that can store information and , in most cases , contains a microprocessor that can perform some activities as programmed by the card 's issuer .
A so - called Trojan horse program is a program that some unscrupulous person installs on a computer to capture passwords as they are typed in by unsuspecting users .
A socket address is also included , which identifies a running software process in a computer .
A socket is created in order to transfer information , and each socket is identified by a descriptive address called a port number .
A socket is like the end of a communication link .
A SOCKS configuration is pictured in Figure S - 9 .
A SOCKS server is installed between the internal and external networks ( the Internet ) .
A solution to this attack is to lock a user account after a number of failed logon attempts .
A solution was developed with the creation of CIDR ( Classless Interdomain Routing ) , which allocated class C addresses as variable - size blocks .
A SONET network typically implements a fully redundant multiple ring topology that is designed to survive breaks , earthquakes , backhoe accidents , or similar problems that might disrupt service .
A source routing bridge is simply a forwarding device that knows the addresses of other bridges .
A special multicast address is also used to send a message to all stations attached to the network .
A special Switched - 56 data set device interfaces between the carrier 's wire pairs and the customer 's internal device ( usually a router ) .
A specific interface is not required for each provider .
A stand - alone hub is designed for a group of workstations at a specific location away from other groups .
A standard called CDPD ( Cellular Digital Packet Data ) was developed in 1993 that defines how to handle data transmissions on the AMPS system .
A standard interface is required to connect communication devices like modems to computers .
A standard protocol called HMMP ( Hypermedia Management Protocol ) is used to publish and access data , and to exchange management and control messages between HMMP entities .
A standards - based approach is necessary to ensure that data from clients is in a standard format that any management system can read .
A standby device kicks in only when the power goes down .
A stateful connection in one in which some information about a connection between two systems is retained to maintain the current connection or to use for future connections .
A static page does not change except when the Webmaster makes changes to it .
A station at one end of the cable may not sense the access of another if the cable is too long .
A station can request a higher priority if it needs to transmit real - time information like video or audio .
A station would need to send such a request on every circuit , which is a waste of bandwidth .
A status monitor works with the lock manager to ensure that people accessing and making changes to a file do not " collide . " .
A stop - and - wait flow control acknowledges every frame .
A storage system may include magnetic disks , optical disks , and tape storage systems .
A store - and - forward process moves packets from one router to the next , and each router along the way must make an independent routing decision for each packet .
A store - and - forward router holds a packet , reads its address , and forwards it appropriately .
A stream is a long data transmission between a specific sender and receiver .
A stream socket is a connection - oriented link that uses TCP ( Transmission Control Protocol ) .
A stream transmission is usually associated with transport layer data transmissions and sometimes also with data link layer transmissions .
A study by the International Technology Group indicates that the cost per mainframe user is $ 5,183 annually , while the cost per UNIX user is $ 7,947 annually .
A subnet numbering scheme is outlined under the topic IP ( Internet Protocol ) . .
A subnetwork for the purposes of this Ethernet discussion is an Ethernet broadcast domain .
A subset of HDLC is LAPB ( Link Access Procedure Balanced ) , which is designed for point - to - point connections , so the address field is not necessary to identify the secondary stations .
A supervisor may apply logon restrictions to the user account that do the following :
A supplier of parts is a trading partner with the buyer of those parts .
A surge suppressor is a device that protects a system against spikes in the electrical power .
A surge suppressor is placed at the feed to the electrical panel .
A surge suppressor is required to protect against surges above these levels .
A switch can create a bridge between any two ports on the fly and at a very rapid rate .
A switch is a device that expands on this concept .
A switch is a multiport box in which each port on the box is essentially its own network segment .
A switched circuit is a temporary , call - based circuit that is set up and dismantled once the data transfer is complete .
A switched circuit might connect every 15 minutes to transfer the latest batch of electronic mail .
A switched network consists of computers attached directly to a multiport switching device .
A symbol dictionary is used for data - to - symbol conversion .
A system administrator controls access to the entire system .
A system administrator may need to set initial startup parameters and change those parameters occasionally .
A system becomes contaminated with a virus through file system activity .
A system designer chooses a scheme based on the physical restrictions and communication requirements of a system .
A system monitoring tool provides a view of system loads and alerts administrators of potential problems .
A T1 circuit can provide 24 channels of digitized voice , which means the phone company can install one line to a business to handle up to 24 separate phone calls , rather than install up to 24 individual phone cables .
A T1 leased line ( 1.544 Mbits / sec ) between two remote offices may cost many thousands of dollars per month , depending on distance .
A T1 line , which many organizations use to connect voice and data with remote sites , consists of 24 64 - Kbit / sec channels .
A T1 line can be used to send one large data stream instead of breaking the stream into slots for individual voice conversations or data transmissions .
A T1 line can handle up to 100 users at once .
A T1 line can provide 24 channels for voice or data at 64 - Kbit / sec bandwidth each .
A T1 line consists of 24 of these channels .
A T1 line supports data rates of 1.544 Mbits / sec , and a T3 line supports data rates of 45 Mbits / sec .
A T3 line actually consists of 24 T1 lines .
A T3 trunk can carry 28 T1 lines .
A T4 line operates at 274.176 Mbits / sec .
A TA looks like a modem and usually has a jack for a telephone and a jack for a PC .
A TCP / IP network is built with routers .
A TCP segment is the official name for what is often loosely referred to as a packet .
A TDR ( time domain reflectometer ) can locate breaks and shorts in cables .
A technique called modulation is used to combine an input signal ( the data ) onto a carrier signal .
A technique for modulating the amplitude of a carrier signal based on another signal , usually an audio frequency .
A telephone call is a switched service .
A telephone company that installs trunks between its central offices will want to get as many voice conversations on those trunks as possible .
A telephony application must be able to signal to the network that it needs prioritization .
A terminal server is basically an asynchronous multiplexor that connects not only terminals but computers , modems , printers , and other peripherals to the host system .
A terminator must be placed at each end of a trunk , and one end must be grounded .
A test of cable , either on the spool or installed , will indicate damage .
A TGT ( not to be confused with a server ticket ) is analogous to a permit or a license .
A thick plastic outer jacket surrounds this assembly , along with special fibers to add strength .
A third - party auditing and monitoring program is part of the scheme .
A third , demand priority , is implemented in 100VG - AnyLAN , a 100 - Mbit / sec Ethernet standard .
A third method , called stateful inspection , is also used .
A third party such as GEIS ( General Electric Information Service ) often serves as a " middleman " to help organizations establish business relationships and handle business transactions .
A third technique , called inverse multiplexing , is the reverse of the above techniques .
A thread completes its tasks , and any results are returned to the client if necessary .
A three - way handshake is used to make the actual connection .
A time service keeps track of time in networks and determines the accuracy associated with each clock used to synchronize time .
A time service to synchronize events among servers that hold related information .
A token bus network is similar to a token ring network in that a station must have possession of a token before it can transmit on the network .
A token frame is passed around the network from station to station , if a station needs to transmit , it acquires the token .
A token is a small frame that circles the network until a station that needs to transmit grabs the frame .
A token is a special control frame on token ring , token bus , and FDDI ( Fiber Distributed Data Interface ) networks that determines which stations can transmit data on a shared network .
A token is passed around the network and held by each station for a period of time .
A TP opens a session , performs data transfers , and closes .
A TP performs a " unit of work " on a channel that interconnects IBM systems .
A traditional hardware based crossbar switch is pictured in Figure B3 ( a ) to help illustrate how switches operate .
A traditional router can process about 300,000 to 500,000 packets / sec .
A traditional router has a processor , some memory , and two or more input / output interfaces .
A traditional router will forward 500,000 packets per second .
A traditional T1 line is basically a conditioned line , meaning that the signal is regenerated at regular intervals ( every 6,000 feet , except for the first and last which are 3,000 feet from the endpoints ) to maintain a high signal quality .
A training video can begin playback as soon as enough information has arrived at the end users stations , even short pauses in the playback may be acceptable , although irritating .
A transaction - processing system groups multiple operations into all - or - nothing transactions .
A transaction is a discrete unit of work that is typically part of a business process .
A transaction is like a conversation , and a TP can hold multiple conversations with multiple systems .
A transaction monitor is a program that monitors this process .
A transaction monitor is essential for running business transactions in a distributed computing environment .
A transaction must be either fully completed or rolled back so all the involved databases return to their pretransaction state .
A transaction system monitors the transaction to make sure it completes .
A transaction usually involves some critical operation that must be monitored to completion .
A transactions processing system allows businesses to run accounting systems and order entry systems safely over distributed systems .
A translation bridge can be used to connect different types of LANs by resolving the differences between frame layout , transmission speed , and control codes .
A transmission medium such as copper wire has a much higher propagation delay than fiber - optic wire , and this delay increases with distance .
A transmission on a broadcast network consists of frames that include the MAC ( Medium Access Control ) address of the destination node .
A transmission sequence consists of bursts of data that form variable - length datagrams of 64K to 4.3GB of data .
A transmission that consists of many starts and stops is an asynchronous transmission .
A transmission that takes place in only one direction at a time is a half - duplex transmission .
A Trojan horse may infect other files on the system or on other network computers .
A true push model is based on IP Multicast , which is described under " IP Multicast " and " Multicasting . " .
A trunk is a collection of up to 5 segments , connected together with repeaters .
A trust relationship allows the accountants or auditors , or the computers within their departments , to access systems in other departments .
A tunnel has an entry point and an exit point that are essentially interfaces between two different types of networks , although they are defined in software .
A tunnel is now established .
A tunnel is then created between the remote client and the corporate site through the ISP and across the Internet .
A tunnel is then set up across the Internet to a corporate gateway server .
A two - phase commit procedure can prevent this problem .
A two - phase commit protocol is executed upon success of the transaction .
A type of handshake procedure is used in a transaction - processing environment as well .
A typical agent is directed to find specific types of information .
A typical application level gateway can provide proxy services for applications and protocols like Telnet , FTP ( File Transfer Protocol ) , HTTP ( Hypertext Transfer Protocol ) , and SMTP ( Simple Mail Transfer Protocol ) , note that a separate proxy must be installed for each application level service .
A typical ARCNET configuration is shown in Figure A8 .
A typical auditing system can be configured to track specific events , such as access to sensitive files or activities that are performed by administrators .
A typical automated system will run 24 hours a day and provide backup services for a number of clients ( clients in this case are file and application servers that use the backup services ) .
A typical cable modem must receive downstream data that has been modulated onto a 6 MHz channel that is adjacent to the TV signal .
A typical CDDI network consists of concentrators with a number of ports for the connection of workstations .
A typical cell is 20 kilometers across but can vary in size .
A typical chart produced by Network Health is pictured in Figure F - 25 .
A typical client connection goes through an ISP ( Internet service provider ) .
A typical computer can execute thousands of instructions in the time it takes a message to traverse a LAN link .
A typical configuration is pictured in Figure I - 10 .
A typical Connect 2 configuration is pictured in Figure C - 13 .
A typical database for an accounting system might contain hundreds of tables that can potentially produce thousands of relationships .
A typical DBMS has the following features :
A typical dial on demand connection happens like this : a router on one end makes a normal connection , and then queries the router at the other end for additional connection information .
A typical directory service is organized into a hierarchical tree as shown in Figure D - 22 .
A typical DVD - ROM can hold from 4.7GB to 8.5GB of data or 90 minutes of high - quality video .
A typical e - mail gateway converts messages from a proprietary message format to the X.400 format .
A typical e - mail message consists of a header that include the fields Data , To , From , and Subject , followed by the text of the message .
A typical embedded SQL program contains a number of SQL statements , but these statements cannot be directly compiled into C , so they are precompiled to make them compatible with the host language and the program is then compiled for execution .
A typical enterprise might have a variety of SMTP clients already running and exchanging mail with little problem .
A typical header looks like this :
A typical Intel - based multiprocessor system has four processors .
A typical interface has two ports , so an SSA system has a total bandwidth of 80 MB / sec .
A typical Internet connection for a dial - up user involves the PPP ( Point - to - Point Protocol ) .
A typical jukebox may contain four or more optical drives and a device that picks disks from a bay and inserts them into the drives at the user 's request .
A typical LAN - to - LAN remote connection is pictured in Figure R - 3 .
A typical LAN has a delay that is measured in milliseconds .
A typical large - scale ATM network may consist of groups of ATM switches from different vendors , as shown in Figure P - 4 .
A typical laser transmitter can be pulsed billions of times per second .
A typical licensing package holds keys that allow users to access software applications .
A typical MAN connection includes a switch that supports voice , video , and LAN data traffic .
A typical microwave oven has an electron tube that generates a 2. 45 GHz microwave to heat leftovers .
A typical microwave user is an organization that has offices over five miles apart in metropolitan areas .
A typical modular device might also provide LAN ports and T1 connections for wide area networking .
A typical multiprotocol router can support IPX ( Internetwork Packet Exchange ) and IP ( Internet Protocol ) , along with a variety of other protocols .
A typical network consists of a group of user computers , called end systems , within a department or workgroup .
A typical network consists of legacy workstations that access ATM - attached network servers .
A typical network might consist of several servers that many different users can access .
A typical NFS MAE consists of a switching platform that is a combination of an Ethernet switch , an FDDI concentrator , and / or an FDDI switch .
A typical optical jukebox system with automatic disk - changing capabilities can keep hundreds of gigabytes of information online .
A typical organization may have thousands of workstations at diverse sites , some requiring more than one day 's travel .
A typical PDN network forms a web of global connections between the PDN 's switching equipment .
A typical peering agreement has the participants agree to exchange routes at the NAP .
A typical SDLC configuration consists of multiple 3270 dumb terminals at a remote site connected to a cluster controller such as an IBM model 3x74 .
A typical serial connection ( RS - 232 ) between a computer and some other device like a modem or printer is pictured in Figure F - 29 .
A typical server that supports hundreds of users at a time will require high - performance disk interfaces and drives .
A typical session can get quite " chatty , " adding traffic to the network that can be a problem over low - speed WAN links .
A typical site has an access server attached to a modem pool .
A typical SMP - capable system contains four or more processors and is pictured on the left in Figure P - 2 .
A typical SNMP environment is pictured in Figure S - 8 .
A typical solution to congestion problems is to spend more money .
A typical switch can set up 100 to 200 VCs per second .
A typical switch may be implemented as one of the configurations pictured in Figure S - 16 and described here :
A typical Switched - 56 connection between two LANs is pictured in Figure S - 13 .
A typical system consists of online hard disk storage , writable optical disks , and tape backup systems .
A typical table for two LAN segments is shown in Figure B13 .
A typical UNIX directory structure is pictured here :
A typical user needs a high - speed connection to fully experience what the MBone can deliver , the usual recommendation is a 128 - Kbit / sec ( ISDN ) or greater connection .
A typical VAN has a web of national and / or global connections .
A typical vendors sells a range of switching devices .
A typical voice - grade modem connection is pictured in Figure M - 8 .
A typical WDM configuration consists of a multiplexor that accepts input from multiple fiber - optic sources ( up to 32 in some systems ) and modulates each signal at a different frequency for transmission over a single fiber - optic trunk .
A typical wireless LAN configuration consists of a transceiver unit connected to servers and other equipment using standard Ethernet cable .
A typical workflow application combines document imaging with electronic messaging and advanced security features such as digital signatures , which can provide proof that documents are from the specified source and that they have been validated by the person indicated in the form .
A unique 8 - bit pattern ( 01111110 ) is used as a flag to start the frame .
A unique feature of VLANs is that computers belonging to a VLAN can be anywhere on the network , not just on the same wire or switch box , in most cases .
A unit of work , which includes multiple statements executed on one database .
A UPS attached to a file server usually requires an additional cable that alerts the file server when the UPS is running on standby power .
A UPS is designed to protect against power failures by providing battery power to the system .
A UPS provides electrical power to computers or other devices during a power outage and can be one of the following :
A URL is the address of an object that is normally typed in the Address field of a Web browser .
A USENET site does not need to store every USENET topic .
A USENET site gets its information from other USENET sites through newsfeeds .
A user account is granted certain rights and permissions to network resources .
A user account may have various security restrictions applied to it .
A user can be a member of more than one group .
A user can belong to more than one group .
A user can search chats by multiple attributes , including user alias , key word , chat channel size , or channel type .
A user manages the list , and only specified users can submit mail to the list .
A user may hold numerous tickets at the same time to access multiple servers .
A user who receives a file marked " secret " cannot give other users permission to view the file unless they have a " secret " clearance .
A user 's device picks up the signals and then discards all the coded bits except those specifically targeted to it .
A user 's IP address basically becomes a phone number .
A user 's protocol packets are encapsulated in IP datagrams that can traverse the Internet on their own , so users can access the corporate network with almost any network protocol , including IPX , AppleTalk , and others .
A users state information is " reflected " to servers , allowing users to roam between PCs while maintaining full access to their data , applications , and customized environment .
A variation of this is that each processor accesses private memory and shared disks .
A variety of authentication schemes can be used , and the scheme is negotiable .
A variety of carrier services are available to create these links :
A variety of equipment is available for building token ring networks .
A variety of media is supported , including LAN and WAN technology .
A variety of tape formats and drive technologies are available as outlined in the following subsections .
A variety of techniques exist for providing policies , including techniques that add flow control to hubs and other wiring devices .
A VCI ( virtual channel identifier ) that identifies the " virtual wire " onto which the cells will be transmitted is placed in the header of each cell .
A vendor consortium called the APPN Implementers Workshop is working to integrate TCP / IP and APPN .
A version of AFS called the DFS ( Distributed File System ) is a component in the Open Software Foundation 's DCE ( Distributed Computing Environment ) .
A version that supports fiberoptic cable over long distances is also available .
A vertical backbone cable runs from the central hub in the main equipment room to a hub / switch in the telecommunication closet on each floor .
A very interesting article on Tandem 's NetServer MPP system can be found at the BYTE site listed at the end of this topic under Information on the Internet .
A Very Short Introduction to HTML .
A videoconferencing application that works in conjunction with the network meeting applications described above so attendees can see one another and collaborate on computers at the same time .
A videoconferencing system requires 0.5 to 1 Mbit / sec of bandwidth , assuming a small , low - resolution image is transmitted at a low frame rate .
A virtual circuit exists between the internal client and the proxy server .
A virtual circuit exists between the internal client and the proxy server .
A virtual circuit is a " logical " communication channel between two endpoints across the packet - switched network .
A virtual circuit is a dedicated point - to - point communication line between two end stations on a packet - switched or cell - relay network .
A virtual circuit is a pathway through a packet - switched , mesh - type network that appears to be a dedicated , physically connected circuit .
A virtual circuit is a permanent or switched path through public packet - switched network that is set up by a carrier for a customer to use .
A virtual circuit is basically a predefined path through a packet - switched network .
A virtual circuit is created within a packet ( X.25 ) , frame ( frame relay ) , or cell - switching ( ATM ) network .
A virtual circuit may also be established through a routed network so that each router along the way does not need to make a decision about how to route packets to the destination .
A virtual circuit starts at one FRAD and ends at another FRAD .
A virtual directory is basically a directory that appears to a user as being located on the service they are accessing , but may be located on a linked server .
A VirtualPIN ( an alias for a credit card ) is used to make purchases .
A virus executes and does its damage when the program it has infected executes .
A virus in one partition may infect the other .
A virus is a computer program that infects other programs with copies of itself .
A VL ( volume location ) server process provides location transparency for volumes , so if volumes are moved , users can access them without the knowledge that they have moved .
A VLAN is basically an overlay of subnetworks over the flat , switched network topology .
A VLAN is like a segment of an internetwork , but it is defined over a switched network topology .
A VLAN restores the functionality of a segmented network to an otherwise flat switched network .
A voice / data network is a network that supports both voice and data and that does away with the need to maintain a separate telephone wiring system .
A voice conversion requires a 3,000 Hz channel , but 4,000 Hz is allocated per channel so there is adequate separation between each channel .
A voice telephone call is a dedicated circuit between two people .
A volume server process handles file system operations related to volumes , such as volume create , move , replicate , backup , and restore .
A VP is a defined path that one or more VCs follow through the ATM network to reach the same destination .
A VPN extends this idea by also encrypting the packets for security reasons .
A VPN is basically an Internet tunnel that provides privacy and authentication on public networks .
A VPN should be contrasted with a private network , which is built by linking corporate sites with dedicated leased lines .
A wallet is an electronic cash component that resides on the user 's computer or another hardware device such as a smartcard .
A WAN connects an organization 's remote offices over public and private data communication channels .
A WAN service that uses the connection - oriented model is frame relay .
A way to prevent a sender from denying that they sent a message ( such as a buy order ) or that they received and read a message .
A way to prevent the content of messages from being altered after they are sent or a way to prove that they have been altered .
A weak password is a common name , words out of the dictionary , and common abbreviations .
A Web browser can be thought of as a container into which users can add objects that provide additional functionality .
A Web browser cannot provide some of the features you may have gotten used to if you run Windows or the Macintosh operating system , like drag - and - drop , certain menuing features , and right - mouse button behavior ( in Windows ) .
A Web browser is an example of a container .
A Web browser is like a container that can hold text and objects .
A Web catalog server accepts text search queries from people and produces relevant document URLs .
A web of these virtual circuits form a virtual private network over the carrier 's packet - switched network .
A Web page displayed in a Web browser has these same characteristics .
A Web page is a compound document .
A Web server accepts requests from clients , passes those requests to backend systems , accepts the response , formats it into a Web page , and sends the Web page to the user .
A Web server is a good example of an information publishing system .
A Web server sends information to mobile users in the form of a single HDML deck with cards that specify a single interaction between the phone and the user .
A weighted fair queuing algorithm is used to ensure that at least some of the packets in the lower - level queues also get through .
A window that displays a list of files in a graphical desktop operating system ( i . e . , Windows 95 ) is an example of an object .
A Windows NT Workstation computer allows several different people to log on under their own user names and work with their own custom desktop and files .
A Windows version is available at http : / / www . winzip . com .
A wireless in - building telephone system is another PBX feature that supports cordless phones for people who need to walk around the building .
A wireless LAN has a number of advantages .
A word processing group with rights to run a word processing program and store files in its data directories .
A workflow package can display the forms used by an organization for a clerk to fill out .
A workstation attached to a LAN is identified by the hardwired address on its NIC ( network interface card ) .
A workstation can be a member based on the port it is attached to , its MAC address , its IP address , or some other method .
A workstation is added to a VLAN by including its port address , MAC address , or IP address into a table that defines a particular VLAN .
A workstation on one LAN can then send messages through ATM virtual circuits to a LAN and workstation connected to another edge device .
AAL converges packets from upper layers into ATM cells .
AAL has several service types and classes of operation to accommodate different types of traffic .
About the same time , pipes were introduced into the operating system , which provided a way to combine data from different programs .
Absolute positioning is a feature that locks an object to a specific position on a page ( instead of just left or right ) .
Accepts data input from operators and stores that data for later retrieval .
Access control : Contains information about the priority of the frame and a need to reserve future tokens , which other stations will grant if they have a lower priority .
Access control : DFS supports access control lists for user and group accounts .
Access Control : The right to change the trustee assignments and inherited rights filter of the directory , its files , and its subdirectories .
Access controls are also essential when corporate networks are connected to the Internet .
Access controls can also include station and time restrictions .
Access controls limit user access to resources on computers and networks .
Access for people with disabilities is in the works .
Access into a domain is controlled by security measures put in place by the administrators of the domain .
Access is obtained using standard desktop computer equipment and modems or by connection to networks that are connected to the Internet .
Access methods ( also called medium access control , or MAC ) are the rules defined within a specific network type that determine how each station accesses the cable .
Access methods are necessary on networks that are shared by multiple devices .
Access privileges let users view or change the files on the AppleShare server .
Access rights : The assignment of access rights is simplified with NDS .
Access rights are the " keys " that define a user 's ability to access resources on a network .
Access servers that emulate a number of PCs in the same box are available .
Access services : These enable remote users to dial into the network from their homes or other remote locations and obtain " remote node " or " remote control " access .
Access time : This is based on the rotation speed , seek time , and overhead of the drive system .
Access to other VLANs requires routing devices .
Access to resources is based on access control lists .
Access to server files is handled using the same procedures as access to local files , except that a user must initially establish a connection to the remote file server .
Access to these points is through the LEC ( local exchange carrier ) or other service providers .
Accessing a variety of data sources for populating your data warehouse .
According to a Microsoft paper mentioned at the end of this section , " In Java , you get no right mouse button .
According to a paper available from Anixter ( Category 5 : How Did We Get Here and Where Do We Go Next ? ) , buyers should obtain product specifications from manufacturers at the time of purchase .
According to AIIM , a document management system should do the following :
According to AIIM , documents hold the " intellectual assets of organizations , the knowledge and expertise of its people , and the information and data they have compiled .
According to ANSI , " it does not itself develop ANSs , .
According to Chapman and Zwicky , " by isolating the bastion host on a perimeter network , you can reduce the impact of a break - in on the bastion host .
According to Chapman and Zwicky , a bastion host is " a computer system that must be highly secured because it is vulnerable to attack , usually because it is exposed to the Internet and is a main point of contact for users of internal networks .
According to Cheswick and Bellovin , " an application - level gateway represents the opposite extreme in firewall design .
According to Cisco , this method maintains the benefits of RSVP but avoids the overhead of using it in the backbone network .
According to CommerceNet , electronic commerce will take hold once users have easy access to high - bandwidth connections , easy access to information and resources , encryption and security , and financial exchange mechanisms that make buying on the Internet easy .
According to IDC ( International Data Corporation ) , db2 makes up roughly 70 percent of the relational databases in use today .
According to IDC , the cost per MIPS ( million instructions per second ) plummeted from $ 23,250 in 1995 to $ 13,780 in 1996 ( although software prices are not coming down ) .
According to IETF RFC 1738 , the syntax for a URL is &lt; scheme &gt; : &lt; scheme - dependent - information &gt; .
According to Intel , wfm defines a baseline set of requirements for managing hardware , including requirements for instrumentation , remote wake - up , power management , and service boot capability .
According to Intel , wfm defines a baseline set of requirements for managing hardware , including requirements for instrumentation , remote wake - up , power management , and service boot capability .
According to MCI ,that is " enough capacity to carry 129,000 simultaneous telephone calls over the hair - thin strand . 
According to Microsoft , netshow provides " complete information - sharing solutions , spanning the spectrum from one - to - one , fully interactive meetings to broadly distributed , one - way , live , or stored presentations " .
According to MOMA ( Message - Oriented Middleware Association ) , " MOM is demonstrating its ability to deliver the benefits of asynchronous messaging for applications and process - to - process interoperability , distributed transaction processing ( e . g . banking , brokerage , airline reservations ) , distributed enterprise workflow ( e . g . process manufacturing , insurance claims processing ) , real - time automation ( e . g . utility and process control ) , and systems management ( e . g . distributed backup , software distribution , etc . ) , among others . " .
According to NEC , socks is a rich network application data warehouse .
According to Netscape , a new type of software has emerged ( which it calls crossware ) that allows on - demand applications to run across networks and operating systems .
According to Prism Solutions ( http : / / www . prismsolutions . com ) , there are different levels of summarization and detail in the data warehouse , as shown in Figure D - 15 and explained here :
According to RFC 1945 , " the Hypertext Transfer Protocol is an application - level protocol with the lightness and speed necessary for distributed , collaborative , hypermedia information systems .
According to the association 's Web site , its charter is to " create an interoperable , low - cost , low - power , half - duplex , serial data interconnection standard that supports a walk - up , point - to - point user model that is adaptable to a wide range of applications and devices . .
According to the company , over 80 percent of the backbone routers for the Internet are from Cisco routers .
According to the EFF ( Electronic Frontier Foundation ) Web site , eff is a nonprofit civil liberties organization working in the public interest to protect privacy , free expression , and access to public resources and information online , as well as to promote responsibility in new media .
According to the ION charter , " the group will focus on protocols for encapsulation , multicasting , addressing , address resolution and neighbor discovery , interactions with and optimization of internetworking - layer routing protocols when run over NBMA subnetworks , and protocol - specific network management support , as appropriate .
According to the ITU , its goals are " to foster and facilitate the global development of telecommunications for the universal benefit of mankind , through the rule of law , mutual consent and cooperative action . .
According to the NIST , the NII encompasses much more than physical communication facilities .
According to The Open Group , dce meets the requirements for use in the CORBA specification as an ESIOP ( Environment - Specific Inter - ORB Protocol ) , and unlike the GIOP ( General Inter - ORB Protocol ) , is available , tested , and used today .
According to The Open Group , which manages the X specification , " any application linked to the Web using X11R6.3 can be located , accessed , and executed with the same tools used for accessing static HTML documents today  Web browsers .
According to the WBEM Web site , wbem is designed to " consolidate and unify the data provided by existing management technologies , " including SNMP and DMI .
According to the WBEM Web site , wbem is designed to complement existing management standards such as SNMP and DMI ( Desktop Management Interface ) while helping to " consolidate and unify the data provided by existing management technologies . " .
According to TIA / EIA - 568 - A documents , the wiring standard is designed to provide the following features and functions :
Account balance restrictions : You can restrict a user 's access to the system and its resources by specifying a credit limit .
Accounting and procurement systems can use workflow management , for example .
Accounting features let administrators track user access to resources and charge users for use of those resources .
Accounting functions let administrators collect data about user accounts and use that data to monitor system usage and security .
Accounting services are provided by some network operating systems to track the usage of resources and the users who access those resources .
Accounting systems also provide network asset tracking .
Accounts are created by system administrators and stored on security servers .
Accounts can also have time limits , as in the case of a temporary employee .
ACK ( acknowledgment ) If ACK is set to 1 , it indicates that the segment is part of an ongoing conversation and the number in the Acknowledgment Number field is valid .
Acknowledgment number : This field is used by the receiver to indicate to the sender in a return message that it has received a previously sent packet .
Acknowledgments are used on unreliable networks to provide guarantees to the sending station that packets have arrived .
Acknowledgments compensate for unreliable networks .
Acknowledgments must be returned for every point - to - point link through the network that a packet takes .
Acknowledgments were traditionally handled in the data link layer .
ACLs are implemented in Novell NetWare , UNIX , Microsoft Windows NT , and other operating systems to control access to network resources .
ACLs are usually attached to file system directories and other objects and specify user access permissions like read , write , delete , and so on .
Acrobat is a product from Adobe Systems Incorporated that strives to be a universal document formatter and viewer .
Acrobat is designed to assist companies in distributing their documents over the Internet , on disk and CDROM , or via electronic mail messages .
Acrobat readers are free and available at the Adobe ( http : / / www . adobe . com ) site or at most sites that provide Acrobat files for downloading .
Across wide open areas where it isn't practical to lay cable , such as deserts , swamps , and large lakes .
ActivCard , a manufacturer of token - based authentication devices , employs several modes of operation in its token devices :
Active Client : Active Client runs ActiveX components on a variety of computer platforms , including Windows , Macintosh , and UNIX .
Active Client content will run on any operating system that hosts the Active Client and in any browser that supports Active Client technologies .
Active customers are assigned to an uplink and downlink frequency , then assigned one time slot in each frame sent on that frequency .
Active Desktop is Microsoft 's strategy to integrate Web browser technologies directly into the Windows desktop .
Active Directory components are also available for Windows NT , Novell NetWare 3.x and 4.x , and other directory services that support the LDAP ( Lightweight Directory Access Protocol ) .
Active documents contain components that run on a user 's browser .
Active Server : Microsoft 's Active Server runs on Windows NT Server with Microsoft IIS ( Internet Information Server ) .
Active Server includes Active Server Pages , MTS ( Microsoft Transaction Server ) , and MSMQ ( Microsoft Message Queuing ) .
Active Server Pages are HTML pages that perform serverside automation .
ActiveX , Microsoft 's latest incarnation of OLE , is widely used on the Web .
ActiveX : ActiveX is the glue that ties the client and server components together in the same computer or across intranets or the Internet .
ActiveX : Distributed object technology defined by Microsoft but now in the open environment .
ActiveX controls are the interactive objects that developers create and distribute to users over the Internet or intranets .
ActiveX controls may display a moving object or banner , or they may provide a sophisticated program that calculates amortization schedules or financial information .
ActiveX is a container in the component object scheme .
ActiveX is Microsoft 's component technology , formerly known as COM ( Component Object Model ) .
ActiveX provides a framework for building software components that can communicate with one another .
Activities of a specific user , such as a supervisor or network administrator .
Actra CrossCommerce is an electronic commerce solution from Netscape that provides EDI - like business - to - business transactions over the Internet or online Internet storefronts .
Actually , an ORB is an alternative to RPCs ( remote procedure calls ) and message - oriented middleware .
Actually , the network itself provides the first level of interoperability .
Actually , the technique doesn't store the password , but its hash , and that is why it is secure .
Adapters are available to convert existing non - ISDN equipment .
Adaptive Huffman Coding and Lempel - Ziv algorithms : These compression techniques dynamically update a symbol dictionary as new , and recurring patterns appear in data that is being compressed .
ADC , or digitizing , converts analog waveforms to digital representations that can be processed and stored in computers .
ADCCP is a data link layer protocol that places data on a network and ensures proper delivery to a destination .
ADCCP is basically an ANSI modification of IBM 's SDLC ( Synchronous Data Link Control ) protocol .
Add - in boards may be repeater hubs , token ring concentrators , switched hubs , routers , WAN links , or other modules .
Add a remote - boot PROM if you install the card in a diskless workstation .
Added to that are increasing traffic loads put on the network by multimedia applications .
Addin modules may be installed to digital modem module , ISDN , switched digital , frame rRelay , T1 , Fractional T1 , and E1 frame relay .
Adding a permanent ARP entry can be useful to decrease the number of ARP broadcasts for frequently accessed hosts .
Adding more users increases the number of attempts to access the shared medium .
Adding reliability services on top of Multicast IP is not easy , and many of the issues are still being resolved .
Additional devices are then daisy - chained together .
Additional features in some e - mail systems include the ability to secure messages with encryption or add a digital signature to prove the authenticity of messages and prevent alterations .
Additional features include a TCP / IP protocol stack , chat features , electronic mail , and the ability to share phone lines for remote dial - up or Internet access .
Additional features include bidirectional control , support for IP Multicast , low overhead , security , and more .
Additional features such as service guarantees will also help .
Additional information about Merchant Services can be found on Microsoft 's Web site at http : / / www . microsoft . com .
Additional information about switch designs can be found under ATM ( Asynchronous Transfer Mode ) , Cell Relay , Hubs / Concentrators / MAUs , Matrix Switch , and Packet and Cell Switching . .
Additional information can be found at the AIIM Web site mentioned above .
Additional information can be found at the Web sites given later .
Additional information is available at http : / / java . sun . com / products / JavaManagement .
Additional information is available at http : / / www . cablemodem . com / mcnsfaq . htm .
Additional information is available at http : / / www . netscape . com .
Additional information is available at the site .
Additional information is available on Intel 's Web site at http : / / www . intel . com .
Additional information on SET is available at the following Web sites :
Additional networks with their own class C Internet addresses will be required to support additional stations , and these networks must be interconnected with routers .
Additional properties are available by clicking the button on the right side of the window .
Additional servers are added to the cluster as the processing needs increase .
Additional trends and services related to CDPD include the following :
Additional volumes can be assigned a name of choice , such as VOL1 , VOL2 , and so on .
Additional Web servers can be installed at the same location that hold duplicate information .
Additional Web sites where you can find RFC information are listed below under the subheading , " Information on the Internet . " .
Additionally , computer - based phone systems can be linked to servers that run a variety of interesting telephony applications , including PBX services and voice messaging .
Additionally , some of the supporting components have not been standardized .
Address book : Users may access address books that hold the list of users and resources in their department or other departments they often contact or connect with .
Address translation is required because of the many different types of networks possible within the enterprise .
Addressing on a multipoint medium such as a LAN .
Adjoining cells have their own tower and cannot use similar operating frequencies .
Adjoining wires in wire bundles also contribute to the capacitance of a wire .
ADMDs can provide delivery of messages to remote sites on a global scale .
Administrator defined attributes are preconfigured with the standard attribute types defined in the X.500 specification .
Administratorlevel access should not be taken lightly .
Administrators also need to set up logon servers that can identify and authenticate remote users .
Administrators can , however , create VLANs or ELANs by using hardware or software techniques to restore the functionality of LANs to the switched network .
Administrators can also use the information to validate the need for new equipment in their budgetary requests .
Administrators can control access based on IP address , username , host name , directories , documents , users , and groups .
Administrators can control the number of users that can access the server at any one time to prevent performance degradation .
Administrators can create custom views to make file access easier for users .
Administrators can drill down into a global view of the network to focus on segments or rings .
Administrators can locate and manage resources throughout the organization  computers , filing systems , peripheral devices , connection devices , database systems , and Internet connections , as well as user and group accounts .
Administrators can manually assign costs to links so that the use of links can be controlled based on their cost .
Administrators can physically move files to other drives , but to the user the files still appear under the same location in the hierarchical tree .
Administrators can refer to this information when changing configurations or to determine the cause of some failure .
Administrators can set access privileges for any folder on a volume , while users can set privileges for the folder they own .
Administrators can set up virtual circuits in advance to guarantee bandwidth for video conferences or voice calls , but for users to specify QoS on demand will require ATM - compatible applications , atm adapters in user workstations , or software that emulates ATM on existing network adapters .
Administrators can time the installation events , set who can access shared software on servers , configure desktop settings , schedule commands on specific PCs , and perform a number of other tasks from the SMS console .
Administrators can typically view all the information , while normal users can only see selected fields .
Administrators can use a standard Web browser for management tasks .
Administrators can use a Windows - based monitoring console to view access profiles and usage patterns so managers can analyze and manage traffic patterns .
Administrators create user profiles at the RADIUS server that determine the authorizations that are given to remote dial - up users .
Administrators don't need to worry about updating every client system individually .
Administrators have unlimited rights and can override privileges set by users .
Administrators may still run a management system from a single location , but management agents located around the network collect information and report it back to the management system .
Administrators must take steps to ensure that replication data is kept synchronized across its multiple locations .
Administrators need a way to manage hardware , software , users , updates , configurations , and security .
Administrators often use Telnet to control remote servers .
Administrators program the device with a set of rules that define how to filter a packet .
Administrators should be on the lookout for a large number of failed logon attempts or logins that take place at odd hours , which usually indicate that an intruder is attempting to access the system .
Administrators should keep up with the latest virus information by reading weekly computer journals or joining organizations like the NCSA .
Admission control : For switched circuits , this is the ability to control a circuit based on the class of the user .
Admission is determined by calculating the bandwidth requirements that will be needed to satisfy the user 's request for service .
ADO can be used with virtually any scripting language , such as JavaScript , VB Script , and Perl .
Adobe also recommends Acrobat for longterm archiving of documents .
Adobe Systems Acrobat provides portable document exchange capability that lets document recipients view a document as it was formatted .
ADPCM is a more efficient version of the digitizing method called PCM ( pulse code modulation ) .
ADPCM uses a lower bit rate than normal PCM , which permits more voice channels to be transmitted over a typical digital line .
ADSL ( Asymmetrical Digital Subscriber Line ) : ADSL is the most likely service to succeed as a high - speed service for the local loop .
ADSL ( Asymmetrical Digital Subscriber Line ) is an extension to HDSL that can transmit at up to 6 Mbits / sec in one direction over the same copper wire .
ADSL is getting the most attention as an Internet access service .
ADSL modems that use DMT use frequency division multiplexing to create three separate channels , as shown in Figure D - 32 .
ADSL operates in a frequency range that is above the frequency range of voice services , so the two systems can operate over the same cable .
Advanced compression techniques have reduced voice data transfer rates from 64 Kbits / sec to as little as 6 Kbits / sec .
Advanced devices may have high - speed ports for connection to fiber - optic backbones .
Advanced fax boards designed specifically for server use are essential to any fax server .
Advertising is a technique used by a server to announce on the network that it has services available .
Advertising was traditionally used in the NetWare environment , although that has changed recently .
AFP is the file protocol in the Macintosh environment that lets users access files on other systems .
AFP itself resides in the presentation and application layers of the AppleTalk protocol stack .
AFP provides security features that can restrict user access to files .
AFP sets up an environment for a user in which it appears as if files on a remote file server are available locally .
AFP uses AppleTalk for communication between systems .
AFS / DFS provide the following features :
AFS are callback systems .
AFS has some enhancements that NFS does not .
AFS is architecturally similar to the NFS ( Network File System ) .
AFS is specifically designed to provide reliable file services in large distributed environments .
AFS was developed by the Information Technology Center at Carnegie Mellon University .
AFS was developed by the ITC ( Information Technology Center ) at Carnegie Mellon University , .
After a certain number of repeated failures to supply the correct logon information , the system may assume the user is an intruder and lock the account from further logon attempts .
After a certain period of time or nonuse , the files on optical disk might be moved to magnetic tape archives for long - term storage .
After a certain time , near - line data that is no longer used may be transferred to tape backup systems and archived .
After all , almost everybody accessing the Internet had a Web browser .
After all , users are interested in results , not in the details of the computer network .
After creating and saving the file , open your Web browser and use the File / Open command to open the file you just created .
After data is transmitted , the session is terminated .
After more time , these files may move to tape storage .
After switching links , the NLSP routing tables are updated in each router so that packets are sent across the new paths if necessary .
After the breakup , the RBOCs ( regional Bell operating companies ) handled telephone services in regional areas and the IXCs handled long - distance services .
After the modems establish a connection , a PPP session is set up between the user 's system and the service provider .
After the page opens , choose Source ( or Document Source ) from the View menu of your browser .
After the videoconference , you terminate the bound channels .
After World War II , the ITU became a special agency of the United Nations and moved its headquarters to Geneva .
Agents are deployed around the network on devices such as servers , routers , and computers .
Agents do little work of their own , except to monitor significant events that occur within the device .
Agents may also provide alerts that warn of problems or performance degradations .
Aggregation features provide a way to allow two or more computers on one side of an ATM network to send their datagrams through the same VC , thus reducing network traffic .
AIIM is a 9,000 - member organization that manages document imaging and interoperability standards 
AIIM is accredited by the ANSI ( American National Standards Institute ) .
Air conditioners , elevators , refrigerators , and even laser printers cause transients when they are switched on and off .
Aironet Wireless Digital Ocean and Lucent Technologies were developing a common access point protocol to ensure interoperability at the time of this writing .
AIX IBM 's UNIX operating system runs a full range of applications on RS / 6000 systems , including SMP ( symmetrical multiprocessor ) and PowerPC models .
AIX implements the CDE ( Common Desktop Environment ) as its user interface .
AIX is IBM 's UNIX operating system that runs on RS / 6000 POWER , POWER2 , or PowerPC systems .
Alarms : Provides alerts when predefined thresholds are exceeded .
Alarms can alert administrators when defined events occur on the network .
Alarms can alert administrators when various thresholds are met that might pose problems .
Alarms can warn of impending problems .
Alert readers might notice that the number of possible hosts is shy by two .
Alice and Bob have digital encryption software loaded on their computers , so Alice sends Bob a message to bet on the horse .
Alice must have this key to decrypt the message .
Alice now encrypts the digest and the message with her private key , thus digitally signing the document .
Alice puts her digital message software to work on securing her message .
All 8 mm devices are manufactured by Exabyte Corporation , although Sony was the original developer .
All administrative users should have a separate logon account that they use to access the network when performing nonadministrative tasks .
All cable has known capacitance values that are measured in pF ( picofarads ) .
All cells are small 53 - byte units that allow high - speed switching , while frames are large and may be variable in size .
All current Windows operating systems , including Windows 95 , Windows 98 , and Windows NT , support both workgroup and domain network models .
All data that is transmitted between sites is encrypted to make it private , and the connection mimics a private leased line , albeit over the Internet .
All data traffic sent between the sites , no matter what protocol is used , can be placed in IP packets that are routed to the other site .
All data transmitted over the wire is encrypted .
All data updates take place on operational systems , not on the staging system .
All devices have equal access to use the network when it is clear .
All devices on the line use these features .
All dialogs can be archived for future reference and users can respond to them at any time .
All eight wires of the cable are used .
All Ethernet NICs ( network interface cards ) come with a preassigned 48 - bit network address .
All four wires are used in a half - duplex signaling scheme .
All frequency channels are 200 kHz wide .
All further interaction is directly between the client and the application server through the middleware components .
All hardware in the PointCast data center is fully redundant to reduce downtime and allow PointCast to guarantee continuous news coverage .
All hosts connected to the Internet have an IP address that is either part of the class A , class B , or class C scheme .
All LECs must provide interexchange carriers with an access point , called the POP ( point of presence ) , to their LATA areas .
All low - level disk access functions are performed by Windows NT - specific software drivers , not by lower - level disk drivers .
All may be from different vendors , and all may have incompatible interfaces .
All modules become part of the same LAN .
All network users and resources are stored in NDS as objects with properties .
All nodes share the same medium , and only one node can broadcast messages at a time .
All of its features are enhanced to provide high performance to multiple users .
All of the above assumes that the public key is trusted .
All of the above examples assume that the public key is trusted .
All of the these objects must be online and available to a user when the file is opened .
All of these changes must occur in a synchronized way and be fully committed in all locations .
All of these extra protocols and techniques add complexity to network construction and management .
All of these factors must stay within physical bounds and restrictions specified by various standards and government bodies .
All of these features allow users to run applications and access data from anywhere without the need to transfer files and applications between computers .
All of these items are negotiated when the circuit is purchased .
All of these networks use different frame sizes .
All of this can take place over internal networks or over the Internet .
All of this hyperlinking is done with HTML , which works in concert with HTTP .
All of this interfacing is defined by LUNI ( LAN Emulation User - to - Network Interface ) .
All of this standardization has caused vendors to explain their products in wording that resembles the following ( this taken from DEC 's Web site ) : " Digital UNIX Operating System is a 64 - bit advanced kernel architecture based on Carnegie - Mellon University 's Mach V2.5 kernel design with components from BSD 4.3 and 4.4 , UNIX System V , and other sources .
All other servers on the network can be secondary time servers , which get their time from single reference , primary , or reference time servers and do not participate in the establishment of a common time over the network .
All other traffic contends for the remaining cells .
All requests and responses cross the dial - up connection .
All resources in Windows NT are treated as individual objects and only the Windows NT operating system can provide access to those objects .
All routers on the Internet can handle standard IP unicast packets .
All stations with subnet address 200.100.10 .x excluding these IP addresses : 200.100.10.5,200.100.10.6 excluding these MAC addresses : 06 - 1A - 0A - 05 - 3C - 02 - 04 
All subsequent disk access is performed on network servers .
All subsequent files have the PDF filename extension .
All subsequent requests for the cartoon are then filled from the cache .
All systems can potentially communicate with all other systems while maintaining reasonable performance , security , and reliability .
All that is necessary is a standard object interface that lets each company access common data or objects .
All that is needed is a portable computer with a network interface card that operates in promiscuous mode and a software program that can capture frames and display their contents .
All that is required is that both parties have a way to exchange public keys .
All the components in the cabling system must be Category 5 - compliant , including connectors , patch panels , punchdown blocks , and switches .
All the computers in the cluster are assigned the same address .
All the controls and procedures for communicating information are handled by communication protocols .
All the devices are linked with FDDI and provide ISPs with a choice of connection options .
All the frames are numbered and the receiver acknowledges receipt of frames .
All the normal mechanisms for managing user sessions can proceed as normal .
All the old problems about making sure that different clients can access data on back - end systems went away .
All the other components in the LANE network handle the ATM addressing and virtual circuit connections .
All the other hosts on the network receive the broadcast , but only Host A2 ( which owns the address in question ) prepares an ARP response that contains its MAC address and sends it directly back to Host A1 .
All the rest of the traffic in the intersection is held up while this happens .
All the stations attached to it participate in the same broadcast domain .
All the switching and routing devices on the network that are IPNNI  compatible can share information in order to calculate the best path through the network for end to end connections .
All the users on the same VLAN share the same subnetwork address .
All transmission media are susceptible to interference and problems introduced by the medium itself , such as current resistance and signal attenuation .
All transmissions are directed through the hub , which provides rapid switching to the destination node .
All Windows environments support the TCP / IP , IPX / SPX , and NetBEUI protocols , as well as popular interprocess communication protocols for distributed computing , including Windows Sockets and RPCs ( remote procedure calls ) .
Allows a user to share an application running on his computer with other people in a conference .
Allows internal users to access the Internet without facing hurdles or delays that make access difficult .
Allows users to easily exchange information by using familiar cut , copy , and paste operations .
Almost all of Microsoft 's applications are based on this model .
Almost every computer recognizes the ASCII code set , making file exchange possible without conversion in most cases .
Almost every country has X.25 services .
Almost every major distributed network operating system vendor now has or is implementing a directory service .
Almost every portable device vendor is implementing IrDA standards , so many devices are interoperable .
Almost every vendor of directory services products is integrating LDAP support into their products .
Almost every vendor of network devices has pursued this approach and expanded on it with new backbone technologies that implement high - speed ATM ( Asynchronous Transfer Mode ) or Gigabit Ethernet networking .
ALOHA : Developed in the 1970s , this technique lets users transmit on broadcast networks whenever they have data to send .
ALOHA is a system for coordinating and arbitrating access to some shared communication channel .
Along the way , some trickster intercepts the message and changes the number of shares to 5,000 .
Along with Gigabit Ethernet , several vendors have created router switches that can perform layer 3 routing at the same speed as layer 2 switching .
Also , administrators interested in security and the stability of applications may be more interested in the high - end proprietary platforms discussed in the previous section .
Also , any time you connect an internal network to the Internet , you are essentially opening your network up wide to attack , so firewalls are needed .
Also , atm provides QoS guarantees for video and voice .
Also , data may be lost if stations contend for the same slot .
Also , does the device support switched networks and VLANs ( virtual LANs ) ? .
Also , every frame is tagged with a sequence number so the order of frames can be tracked .
Also , frame relay is usually charged per frame or as a flat rate , but there is usually no distance charge as there is with dedicated leased lines .
Also , if a repeater module has ten ports , but a department or workgroup only has five workstations , five of the ports go unused while another module might not have enough ports .
Also , if a stream is interrupted , the transmission can be restarted where it left off .
Also , if a transaction fails , parts of that transaction may have already been distributed to other systems that will need to be contacted for recovery .
Also , keep in mind that tape lengths have a lot to do with capacity ! .
Also , on shared networks , stations can take turns sending packets so that no computer needs to wait an excessive amount of time while another computer transmits a large amount of information .
Also , route servers in the MPOA approach are additional devices that are prone to failure .
Also , servers are moved to the backbone where they are more accessible to users .
Also , should a switch go down , many call setups will be necessary when the switch comes back online .
Also , since Java is supported on multiple platforms , migration issues are simplified .
Also , the " bit buckets " on the receiving end may fill up quickly and overflow before the receiving system can process the data .
Also , the administrator is faced with creating and tracking incremental or differential backups .
Also , the left and right halves of the key are bit - shifted left and combined to create a new key .
Also announced with the VAX was DECnet , a networking system that took advantage of the newly emerging Ethernet standard .
Also assume the source wishes to obtain a cut - through SVC across the ATM network to the destination .
Also at this time , it made mandatory the Table of Frequency Allocations , which allocates frequency bands for each radio service .
Also being introduced are Internet telephony gateways that link PBXs to the Web .
Also consider the hardware platform and operating system required by the software or device , whether the device can be used remotely , the types of statistics it provides and at what layer of the protocol stack ( i . e . , data link , network , and application layers ) , the type of capturing and decoding provided ( i . e . , does it decode packets and provide precapture and postcapture filtering ) , and whether the device can generate its own traffic .
Also described under Java is JavaBeans , a platform - neutral , component - based software model for building and using dynamic Java components .
Also in this lexicon is the wiring concentrator for token ring networks .
Also included is a new print server .
Also keep in mind that firewalls can hide your internal network addresses from the Internet .
Also note that carriers are most comfortable with connection - oriented PVCs because they allow them to manage bandwidth and easily bill customers .
Also note that frame relay checks for errors in frames and discards the frames if they are corrupted .
Also note that IPv6 will alleviate some of these addressing problems , as discussed later .
Also note that NHRP will provide the NBMA address of the actual destination , assuming it is attached to the same NBMA network .
Also note that POP and IMAP are still evolving .
Also note that SNA gateways such as Microsoft SNA gateway provide network connections to IBM systems and can replace cluster controllers in many cases .
Also note that while the OSI model is often used for reference , the protocols that the ISO created have not become popular for internetworking , primarily because of the popularity of the TCP / IP protocol suite .
Also part of the plan is to integrate the PC97 home entertainment specification into the operating system .
Also part of this scheme are data entry clerks at a central office .
Also part of WBEM is CIM ( Common Information Model ) , a schema that provides a formal representation of data .
Also provides a way to implement file security mechanisms over the Web .
Also refer to Network Design and Construction for information on building a switched network .
Alternative providers can provide services in both areas , and all companies can provide a wider range of services than was previously allowed .
Alternatively , a manager may be able to create several LANs across the attached hubs and then link them with routers .
Alternatively , a path might be programmed for less significant traffic ( e - mail ) because the lines are low speed and low cost .
Alternatively , a public service called a CA ( certificate authority ) can manage public keys .
Alternatively , a T3 line can provide the equivalent of 28 T1 lines for users who need a lot of bandwidth .
Alternatively , a T3 line can provide the equivalent of 28 T1 lines for users who need a lot of bandwidth .
Alternatively , analog signals can be converted to digital information using a codec ( coder / decoder ) .
Alternatively , new hardware - based router switches running on Gigabit Ethernet networks eliminate the problem altogether , as discussed later in this topic under " Router Switching . " .
Alternatively , sliding - window flow controls allow the sender to dynamically adjust the number of frames it can send without acknowledgments and is very efficient .
Alternatively , some operating systems allow a single NIC to support multiple IP addresses .
Alternatively , TCP / IP can be a protocol that unites systems due to its wide acceptance .
Alternatively , the virus may do considerable damage by destroying boot records , file tables , and valuable data on disk .
Alternatively , the voice - mail message may be routed to a voice - mail system , where the recipient could retrieve the message like any other voice - mail message .
Alternatively , you can turn routing off and just allow traffic from the two attached networks to access the server itself .
Although a number of precautions have been taken to prevent these components from causing damage , recent incidents have shown that we are not safe .
Although ARCNET is generally considered to have a slow throughput , it does support cable lengths of up to 610 meters when using active hubs .
Although DCOM itself was introduced in late 1996 , it has its roots in COM , which is part of Windows .
Although Diffie and Hellman developed asymmetric public - key cryptography , it was RSA ( Rivest , Shamir , Adleman ) Data Systems ( now part of Security Dynamics ) that turned it into a workable and commercial system .
Although entities communicate with their peers , they must utilize the services of lower layers to get those messages across .
Although online units are the best choice , they are more expensive than standby units .
Although SCSI designers have achieved high data rates with parallel SCSI , serial designs such as SSA are considered critical for high - data - rate performance and to boost cabling distances to devices .
Although SMB was primarily designed to work in Microsoft Windows environments , samba has features that let users of other operating systems use it in modes they are accustomed to .
Although spanning can improve performance , it can also be risky unless precautions are taken .
Although this seems wasteful , it is likely to be far more secure than any of the alternatives .
Although VRML is a coding language , you won't need to do much coding to create virtual worlds .
Although you can manually assign permanent IP addresses to any computer on your network , dhcp provides a way to automatically assign addresses .
Always use passwords that are not real words .
Amaya also supports cascading style sheets , the latest version of HTTP , the PUT method for writing documents on remote servers , and graphics support including pixmaps , GIF , JPEG , and PNG .
Amaya is a both a Web browser and an authoring tool that was designed for testing purposes .
Amaya was first conceived in 1994 as a way to evaluate structured editing and authoring for Web documents .
Amaya 's primary features include WYSIWYG editing , which integrates editing and browsing .
Ambient noise on digital circuits is caused by fluorescent lights , motors , microwave ovens , and office equipment such as computers , phones , and copiers .
American Power Conversion 's Smart - UPS series provides network managers with diagnostic information via a software control program called PowerChute .
AMPS ( Advanced Mobile Phone Service ) : Describes the oldest original analog circuit - switched cellular phone systems .
AMPS is an analog that operates in the 800 MHz range and uses frequency division multiplexing .
AMPS is the most established cellular voice communication system in the United States .
An acceptable rate for low - bandwidth networks is 15 fps , but the video still has an unnatural appearance .
An access server provides communication services for remote dialup users .
An account can also restrict a user to logging in only during a specific time period ( 8 : 00 A . M . to 5 : 00 P . M . ) or on a specific machine .
An account is set up with the name anonymous or guest , which do not require a password .
An account may also hold general information , such as the address of the user 's workstation or the user 's phone number or department name .
An account package lets administrators bill users , if necessary .
An accounting system is an example .
An acknowledgment is a confirmation of receipt .
An ACL can define the access rights / permissions for many different users .
An ACL is a list or table belonging to a file or object that contains information about the users , processes , or objects that can access the file or object .
An active document contains objects or components that are manually or automatically updated from a source called the server .
An active document is a document that has links to programs or other information sources .
An active hub is a network relay that conditions and amplifies the signal strength .
An actual call takes place when the user enters a phone number and hits the Send button .
An adapter is an adding board that expands the capabilities of a computer system .
An adaptive sliding window will try to determine the best window size for the network , boosting the number of frames transmitted if necessary .
An additional 10 meters is allowed for patch cables at the telecommunication closet and at the workstation .
An additional protocol , called the DSP ( Database Support Protocol ) , lets an AS act as an AR to another server .
An address book stores shipping and billing addresses so customers don't need to do a lot of retyping .
An address field contains the address of the secondary station , a control field specifies the type of frame , and an FCS ( frame check sequence ) contains error - checking values .
An address for a user attached to a local area network or a network attached to the organization 's email hub might be the following : 
An Admin program provides a log of drives and available space , users and groups they belong to , and a list of file names and folders along with the owner names , access privileges , and locked status .
An administrator can choose to create similar newsgroups on the host he or she manages .
An administrator can create a subadministrative user at branches in the directory tree by granting that user a full set of rights , including the ability to change the permissions of other users .
An administrator can select an object to manage , or a user can select an object to use it or view information about it .
An administrator creates a VLAN by grouping the workstations together , no matter where they exist on the network .
An administrator has many tasks .
An administrator is a person that usually has the highest level of control on a server or network .
An admission control component that decides whether a new flow gets the QoS ( quality of service ) requested .
An advanced AMPS standard called NAMPS ( narrow band AMPS ) was developed by Motorola to provide up to three times greater capacity than AMPS .
An advantage of this approach is that internal networks don't need to conform to Internet addressing standards , something that is especially important since the Internet is running out of IP addresses .
An agent product from Autonomy Systems called AgentWare uses fuzzy logic techniques to search out information .
An agent running in a device traps some event and sends a report to all management stations .
An all - digital system has many advantages , including reliability , scalability , and a good fit for data transmissions .
An alternate method is to attach a bridge to each LAN segment and connect the bridges to a backbone network such as an FDDI ring , as shown at the bottom in Figure B14 .
An alternate strategy , called load sharing , solves this problem somewhat , as discussed below under " LoadSharing Bridges . " .
An alternative " thin client " computer is the NetPC as defined by Microsoft and Intel and discussed under NetPC . " .
An alternative approach is called IPNNI ( Integrated Private NetworktoNetwork Interface ) .
An alternative approach is provided by Microsoft with its OLE DB standard , which may provide a better way to integrate databases than the universal server approaches outlined above .
An alternative is to distribute network resources and automatically replicate data to remote sites on a regular basis .
An alternative is to manually compress files to reduce their size before they are sent using a compression utility like PKZIP .
An alternative is to use switched network services such as frame relay , as shown on the right in Figure L - 6 .
An alternative key scheme is discussed under " Public - Key Cryptography . " .
An alternative line of computers , starting with the System / 360 , was introduced in 1970 .
An alternative method is called bonding .
An alternative method is shown on the right in Figure N - 14 .
An alternative method is the image backup , which basically streams all the information on a disk without regard for the file structure to the backup medium .
An alternative method is to organize the tree with departments such as Sales and Marketing at the highest levels and the geographic locations under those containers .
An alternative protocol also being developed by the ATM Forum is I - PNNI ( Integrated - Private Network - to - Network Interface ) , which achieves full ATM access with a single protocol .
An alternative scheme is public - key cryptography .
An alternative strategy called JMAPI ( Java Management API ) has been put forth by Sun Microsystems and 15 other companies .
An alternative to protocol analyzers are network management consoles that use RMON ( remote monitoring ) .
An alternative to sending a NAK is for the receiving station to not acknowledge that it has received packets , but this method only works on networks where the sending station expects an acknowledgment .
An alternative to TACACS is RADIUS , which is an Internet standard .
An alternative to the private network is the VPN ( virtual private network ) , which is built on packet - or cell - switching networks .
An AMPS system consists of up to 818 channel pairs ( transmit and receive ) .
An analog signal is a form of propagated energy , such as a sound wave , that vibrates the medium it travels through .
An analog signal such as a voice telephone conversation is converted to digital for transmission across a digital link .
An analog signal with a specific frequency called the carrier signal is placed on the line .
An analogy can be drawn from the postal system .
An analogy can be found in radio broadcasting .
An antenna mounted on a 300 - foot tower can focus on an antenna 50 miles away .
An application - level proxy server provides all the basic proxy features and also provides extensive packet analysis .
An application server is a server that runs programs in a network environment .
An application level gateway is a security screening device that analyzes incoming traffic .
An arbiter ASIC with its own Intel i960 processor controls access to the bus for each port module .
An archive is a historical backup .
An AS operates within a realm , a security domain in which a specific security policy is set .
An asynchronous transmission can be compared to the sporadic flow of cars on a highway while a synchronous transmission can be compared to a steady stream of boxcars on a train track .
An ATM ( automated teller machine ) is perhaps the best example of an object in the real world .
An ATM switch must implement an appropriate layer 3 routing protocol along with the tag distribution protocol .
An attached computer still sends data to the LAPM modems as standard asynchronous input , but the modem transmits it as synchronous frames .
An attacker also analyzes a system to find its weaknesses .
An attacker could replay an authentication routine to gain illegal access to a system .
An auditing system can track when specific users log on and what resources they access .
An auditing system may record activities like logons , file access , and the editing of user accounts .
An auditor can keep administrators " honest " by passively tracking and monitoring all their activities .
An authentication system is possibly the most important part of any network operating system .
An auto - negotiate feature allows devices to detect the speed of incoming transmissions and adjust appropriately .
An autochanger mechanism mounts and dismounts disks at the user 's request .
An automounter process is available that automatically mounts files on demand when a user attempts to access a file .
An autonomous system might be a collection of interconnected routers administered by a university or a company .
An easy factoring method or some other feasible attack would ' break ' RSA . 
An eavesdropper may also capture packets , modify their contents , and reinsert them in the data stream .
An edge device may have routing tables that are referred to when mapping layer 3 routes to layer 2 virtual circuits .
An edge device participates in routing but does not perform actual route calculations .
An edited page can be saved on the original Web server with appropriate permissions .
An electrical contractor can perform this service .
An electronic commerce product that resembles a browsable storefront is also included .
An electronic mail message with an attachment such as a graphic is also a compound document .
An electronic mail message with an attachment such as a graphic is also a compound document .
An electronic mail system for an enterprise network consists of the following components , which are illustrated in Figure E - 3 :
An embedded object such as a picture travels with the document but can still be edited using an appropriate application .
An emerging trend is to build VPNs ( virtual private networks ) over the Internet .
An encapsulation scheme was implemented because the designers did not want the owners of the various networks to alter their internal networking schemes to accommodate internetworking .
An encoding scheme modulates a signal in a way that makes it represent more bits .
An end - to - end circuit must be set up before communication can begin .
An end - to - end connection does not simply terminate at the network interface .
An end - to - end connection is virtual because it is created in software and extends across all the point - to - point connections .
An end system can also be described as the system where a circuit originates and is terminated .
An enhancement to the authentication process is available by requiring that users enter a token ID , which is an ID obtained from a credit - card - like device that generates tokens .
An enterprise network is both local and wide area in scope .
An enterprise network is usually a conglomeration of LANs and applications from different departments .
An enterprise network would connect all the isolated departmental or workgroup networks into an intracompany network with the potential of allowing all computer users in a company to access any data or computing resource .
An entire application can be built by combining objects .
An entire connection from wall plate to hub is pictured in Figure E - 17 .
An entire frame consists of 24 8 - bit slots with one extra bit used by the frame itself for synchronization .
An entire packet of information may be placed into the information field .
An envelope header contains a message ID , source and destination address , content type information , and encryption information .
An equipment room provides a termination point for backbone cabling that is connected to one or more telecommunication closets .
An ESIOP ( Environment - Specific Inter - ORB Protocol ) , such as DCE - CIOP ( Distributed Computing Environment Common Inter - ORB Protocol ) , that supports out - of - the - box interoperability at sites where a particular networking or distributed computing infrastructure is already in general use .
An Ethernet frame ( IEEE 802.3 ) , pictured in Figure F - 26 , can hold up to 1,500 bytes of data .
An Ethernet frame format defines the layout for packaging data and control information into frames and transmitting it over a network .
An Ethernet LAN is shared by all the stations attached to it .
An even more intriguing solution is the World Wide Web model of Web browsers and servers .
An example of a tunnel is pictured in Figure T - 20 .
An example of how shared folders and information exchange can benefit an organization is best seen in the example of a customer - support organization .
An example would be a direct connection between a RAID disk system and a superserver .
An expansion card is plugged into one of the buses to join the LAN configured for that bus .
An extension scheme is also included so that senders can add custom information into a datagram .
An external adapter is also available for non - NuBus systems .
An external modem connects to the serial port on a computer .
An extra 10 meters is allowed to connect computers .
An extranet is an intranet that has been extended outside the company to a business partner , with transmissions going over the Internet or across private lines .
An extranet is basically a cross - business connection that allows people and businesses to engage in secure business relationships .
An extranet is basically an intranet linked up with some other organization 's intranet .
An extranet may be defined by simply granting users in the partner company access privileges to programs or data on your own systems .
An IBM host gateway allows workstations attached to LANs to connect with IBM mainframe systems .
An IEEE 802. 6 MAN can be thought of as a large LAN that covers an entire metropolitan area .
An import server on the local LAN acts as a backup device .
An important aspect of Internet VPNs is that they can be used to supplement carrier - based VPNs or even leased lines and to carry low - priority traffic .
An important aspect of TP systems is that they offload work from the Web server .
An important characteristic of ATM is that it is connection oriented .
An important distinction between NFS and Internet FTP ( File Transfer Protocol ) is that NFS does not need to fully transfer a file to a client 's system .
An important feature is that routing functions are distributed between route servers and switches at the edge of the network .
An important feature is the ability to set up the lines automatically when demand requires it , a feature referred to by various names including channel aggregation , dial on demand , bandwidth on demand , rubber bandwidth , and bonding .
An important Kerberos feature is that the AS provides a way to safely distribute an encryption key to a client and a server that need to engage in secure transactions .
An important role of the CA is to guarantee to other people that your public key is authentic , just as the banking system verifies credit cards .
An incredible number of tools are now available to make database information on legacy mainframe systems and network servers available to Web users over the Internet or corporate intranets .
An indication of whether or not this is not the last fragment .
An industry consortium called CDG ( CDMA Development Group ) develops products and services for CDMA and works to promote its adoption around the world .
An industry consortium called the IPMI ( IP Multicast Initiative ) is dedicated to advancing the deployment of IP Multicast and making information about it available .
An industry consortium called the IPMI ( IP Multicast Initiative ) is dedicated to this task .
An information warehouse is an entity that allows end users to quickly and easily access an organization 's data in a consistent way .
An infrared signal similar to the signal in a television remote control transmits signals between two stations .
An initial cell is released to set up a connection through the network , then all subsequent cells follow the same path .
An initial solution is to use a dial - up connection that stays connected , at least during business hours .
An input buffer stores incoming information in the event of blocking .
An installed Windows NT Server system is required before you can install the BackOffice components .
An integrated circuit makes the connection at the junction of an input and a target output .
An integrated services framework includes these components :
An Inter - Cartridge Exchange service provides communication between clients and servers .
An interconnect technology called IQ - Link provides the cache coherency that makes memory appear contiguous to programs .
An interesting aspect of TCP is that early on , in the days when the Internet was still being defined , ip was not part of the design .
An interesting aspect of X is that it is the model for newer NC ( Network Computer ) systems , which are " thin client , " small - footprint computers that run Java applications , relying heavily on centralized servers to do much of the work .
An interesting feature of DQDB systems is its dual - bus topology .
An interesting feature of FTAM is that it is implemented in all seven layers of the OSI protocol stack .
An interesting paper on HDSL technology is available at the PairGain Web site given below under " Information on the Internet . .
An interesting thing about PBX systems is that they are changing rapidly with the integration of computers and telephony , as described under " PBX ( Private Branch Exchange ) " and " Telephony " in this book .
An internal LAN can be built entirely with ATM by installing ATM NICs in workstations and connecting those workstations to an ATM switch .
An internal matrix of connections provides a way for any input port to connect with any output port .
An Internet address uses the dotted - decimal notation format similar to the following in which a period separates each byte of the 32 - bit address : 192.100.10.5 .
An Internet draft is a preliminary document that authors use to describe their proposals and solicit comments .
An Internet mail server must run SMTP and either POP or IMAP .
An Internet VPN can provide a secure way to move packets across the Internet with the right equipment .
An Internet VPN can replace all the on - site equipment associated with remote access services , essentially moving all that functionality to an ISP .
An internetwork consists of multiple data link segments , as pictured in Figure F - 28 .
An internetwork is a collection of individual LANs and network links joined by routers .
An internetwork is a set of subnetworks that are connected with routers .
An internetwork is pictured in Figure I - 12 .
An internetwork protocol such as TCP / IP ( Transmission Control Protocol / Internet Protocol ) or IPX ( Internetwork Packet Exchange ) is required to allow devices to communicate across router - connected internetworks .
An internetwork protocol such as TCP / IP or IPX is required to build an internetwork .
An internetwork such as a TCP / IP - based intranet or the Internet consists of many interconnected routers and connections among those routers .
An internetwork that implements tag switching consists of tag edge routers at the boundaries of the network , which add the tags to packets ; tag switches , which read the tag information in packets and switch packets accordingly ; and TDP ( Tag Distribution Protocol ) , which performs functions similar to a routing protocol by distributing information about the layout of the tag - switched network among tag - switching devices .
An internetwork typically consists of subnetworks connected with bridges or routers .
An intranet is an internal network that implements Internet and Web technologies .
An intranet runs the TCP / IP protocol and other Internet - related protocols , includes Web servers to publish information and provide access to back - end systems , supports Web browsers as a universal client interface , and supports Internet mail as the pervasive mail system .
An inverse multiplexor splits a data stream into two or more data streams for transmission over multiple channels , as shown in Figure I - 11 .
An IP address is a highlevel internetwork address that identifies a specific computer on a subnetwork of interconnected networks .
An IP address is a numeric address that uniquely identifies a host system on an internetwork .
An IP address must be matched to the MAC ( Medium Access Control ) addresses of computers on the network .
An IP switch control that communicates with the ATM switch via GSMP is attached .
An IRF ( inherited rights filter ) is used to block the normal flow of rights down the directory tree .
An ISDN ( Integrated Services Digital Network ) connection is the next choice because it provides circuit - switching and the ability to add more bandwidth as needed .
An ISP 's POP server , for example , holds mailboxes for the customers of that ISP .
An ISR can be viewed as an entry point into the ATM switching environment .
An IXC ( interexchange carrier ) is any long - distance provider , such as AT &amp; T , MCI , or US Sprint , that provides services between the LECs .
An LCP ( Link Control Protocol ) establishes and manages links between connected stations .
An LDAP directory follows the X.500 inverted hierarchical tree format as shown in Figure L - 5 .
An LPC ( local procedure call ) is used in multitasking operating systems to allow concurrently running tasks to talk to one another .
An LU is a session in an IBM SNA ( Systems Network Architecture ) environment , usually between a terminal and a mainframe computer .
An LVD bus uses a low - voltage termination design that supports up to 16 devices over a cable length of 12 meters .
An MPOA network consists of the following components , which are pictured in Figure M - 12 :
An MPP system consists of multiple distinct processing nodes where each node has its own processors , memory , cache , and bus .
An MTA called post . office is available from Software . com ( http : / / www . software . com ) .
An MTU is a parameter that specifies how much data a frame for a particular LAN can carry .
An NBMA network is the opposite of a broadcast network .
An NBMA network is the opposite of a broadcast network .
An NBMA network uses connection - oriented circuits to deliver frames or cells from one end of the circuit to the other .
An NDMP environment consists of a backup software host where the backup software , daemons , and databases exist .
An NDMP server exists for each connection to the NDMP host .
An NDS directory tree is often designed around the topology of the physical network , as shown in Figure N - 7 .
An NT2 supports switching systems , multiplexing , and the concentration of multiple ISDN lines from a PBX ( voice calls ) or from a LAN .
An object database is designed to handle a variety of different data types , including documents , images , audio , and video .
An object is a block of information from a spreadsheet , a graphic from a drawing program , or an audio clip from a sound program .
An object is analagous to a box with buttons that produce some output depending on how they are pushed .
An object is created to store information about this process and given a unique name .
An object is defined via SMI and compiled to create code that can be integrated with an agent that runs on a particular device .
An object makes a request and sends it to the ORB .
An object may be a self - contained program or package of data with external functions .
An OLAP ( online analytical processing ) system is used to analyze data in these database systems to find trends or make business decisions .
An old rule for backbones was that 80 percent of the traffic stayed in the department while 20 percent crossed the backbone .
An older interface called the LU 6.2 Protocol Boundary also exists .
An OLTP ( online transaction processing ) system operates in real time to collect and process transaction - related data and post changes to shared databases and other files .
An online device constantly provides the source of power to the computer .
An online storage device is a high performance magnetic disk that stores information users access most often .
An online store consists of a collection of HTML ( Hypertext Markup Language ) pages that customers browse through when connected to the store .
An OODBMS consists of a model of all the data in the database .
An operating system such as Windows NT Server supports multiple NICs and can route packets between the networks attached to those NICs .
An operating system that implements symmetric multiprocessing can distribute threads of operation to any processor .
An operating system that supports multiprocessor systems can implement either asymmetric or symmetric multiprocessing .
An optical disk library can also supplement magnetic tape backup systems or serve as an intermediate storage device for data that is " migrating " to magnetic tape in an HMS ( hierarchical management system ) .
An optimally designed network will have VLANs configured to reduce as much inter - VLAN routing as possible .
An option for handling LAN traffic is PPP Multilink ( Point to Point Protocol Multilink ) , an IETF recommendation .
An optional component called SDDN ( Software - Defined Data Network ) allows users to negotiate additional bandwidth for data transmissions ( bandwidth on demand ) within AT &amp; T 's switched network .
An optional product provides management information to IBM NetView management consoles .
An ORB ( object request broker ) is a sort of message - passing bus that helps objects locate one another and establish communications .
An ORB handles the plumbing that allows objects to communicate over a network .
An organization 's large investment in Ethernet hubs , switches , and wiring plants can also be retained in most cases .
An organization can use an authentication scheme that operates independently of the ISP .
An organization can use frame - relay SVCs to set up temporary connections to remote sites , business partners , or data center backup / replication servers .
An Organization entry will have attributes that describe a company while a Person entry will have attributes that define people .
An organization may also build its own microwave system to create point to point links across metropolitan areas .
An organization might have a master DFS volume that contains links to other DFS volumes at the department or division level .
An organization that consolidates its computer resources is usually faced with the task of integrating its heterogeneous systems .
An organization that decides to build a data warehouse faces the daunting task of making information available to users that is timely , accurate , and useful .
An organization that has consolidated its departmental networks into an enterprise network usually finds itself with a variety of autonomous DBMSs ( database management systems ) that are structured on different models .
An organization that has two IPX networks that are separated by a large TCP / IP network can join the two IPX networks by encapsulating IPX packets into IP packets for delivery across the TCP / IP network .
An organization uses leased lines to build private networks that interconnect its remote sites or the sites of business partners .
An organization uses leased lines to build private networks that interconnect its remote sites or the sites of business partners .
An OU is a container that contains other objects  usually other OUs or leaf objects .
An outline of the NSFNET history along with interesting maps and pictures is available at http : / / www . nlanr . net / INFRA / NSFNET . html .
An RB Interoperability Architecture provides a framework for interoperability among ORB components .
An RBOC ( regional Bell operating company ) or other regional carrier must make these points available to any long - distance carrier by law .
An RDBMS is a system that stores data in multiple databases called tables .
An RPC ( remote procedure call ) is similar to the LPC but works over networks .
An RS - 232 cable will typically consist of additional wire for transmitting control signals .
An SA is a symmetrical connection in which the same security techniques ( encryption , decryption , and authentication ) are used by the transmitter and receiver .
An SGML document consists of the actual text file and a separate DTD ( Document Type Definition ) file .
An SMP system breaks processing tasks into separate threads , and each thread is processed by a separate CPU .
An SNA gateway is required such as Microsoft 's SNA Server or Novell 's NetWare for SAA .
An SNA gateway provides a connection point for a single network protocol into the SNA host .
An SNI ( SNA network interconnect ) feature provides a way to connect two separate host systems , which are located in separate areas called subareas ordomains .
An SNMP agent runs in each SNMP - managed device and is responsible for updating object variables .
An SNMP engine runs in the background to carry out the network tasks requested by the user .
An SSA connection consists of a shielded four - wire cable ( two pairs ) .
An SVC ( switched virtual circuit ) is then established across subnet ( VLAN ) boundaries without any further need for routing services .
An SVC is a temporary virtual circuit that is set up on the fly , as opposed to a PVC which is programmed into a network for continuous use .
An SVC is also useful for applications such as teleconferencing and , of course , voice calls .
An SVC is built across the ATM network to provide cut - through packet transmissions .
An unbalanced line is typically a coaxial cable .
An understanding of public key cryptography is important to understanding how certificates work .
An uninterruptible power supply is a battery backup device , generator , or other device that provides a computer with power during an outage .
Analog - to - digital conversions add significant noise to a transmission , which restricts the data rate .
Analog inputs ( voice ) are digitized using PCM ( pulse code modulation ) .
Analog lines require modems at each end and typically provide the same data rates as dial - up lines except that customers contract with the carrier to keep the line available for permanent use .
Analog signals are periodically amplified , but if the signal is already distorted , that distortion is also amplified .
Analog values are continuously variable voltages or waves that can represent an infinite number of values within the range of the device that is producing , measuring , or recording the signals .
Analogtodigital converters are used in a variety of information processing applications .
And a powerful directory assistance service speeds the search of StreetTalk directories throughout the networked environment .
And ISDN is still a compromise between cost and image quality .
And new technologies starting to appear in the marketplace will simplify VON and enhance its performance on PCs .
And represents the United States in the ISO ( International Organization for Standardization ) and within the ITU ( International Telecommunications Union ) .
And with real - time voice data , it doesn't do any good to retransmit a packet because the listener will have already heard the part of the speech where the data belongs .
Andrew Corporation ( 708 ) 349 - 3300 has a catalog of Microwave products .
Another advantage of ActiveX Controls is that they can work closely with the user interface of the target operating system , especially Windows systems , since ActiveX is based on COM technology that has been a traditional part of Windows .
Another analogy is that they are the online electronic version of American Express Travelers Cheques .
Another area of interest related to how HTTP may change is OMG ( Object Management Group ) 's work on CORBA ( Common Object Request Broker Architecture ) and IIOP ( Internet Inter - ORB Protocol ) .
Another aspect of CORBA is that it was originally designed for tightly controlled enterprise network environments and well - managed intercompany connections , not the wide - open Internet .
Another aspect of directory service security is the ability of the service to authenticate users and grant them access to the directory .
Another aspect of host connectivity is to do away with the gateway .
Another aspect of public keys is their ability to verify messages .
Another cable is then wired from the ring - out port on the second MAU back to the ring - in port on the first MAU .
Another CDMA player is PrimeCo Personal Communications L . P . ( http : / / www . primeco . com ) , which recently established PCS services in a number of U . S . cities .
Another concern is handling simultaneous writes to multiple databases , as happens in critical business transactions .
Another concern is that files on mobile computers can become " out of sync " with related files on servers .
Another consideration is that compression removes portability from files unless the decompression software is shipped with the files .
Another consideration when measuring actual throughput is the overhead introduced by the communication protocols .
Another CSMA method is CSMA / CA ( carrier sense multiple access / collision avoidance ) , in which collisions are avoided because each node signals its intent to transmit before actually doing so .
Another description of a multihomed host is a Web server that is connected to the Internet through multiple ISPs , thus providing redundant connections .
Another distinguishing feature is that it is a switched technology .
Another effort to promote portability of applications across UNIX environments was the creation of POSIX ( Portable Operating System Interface for UNIX ) by the IEEE community in the early 1980s .
Another enhancement called DDS - DC performs data compression .
Another example is the ability to encapsulate SNA ( Systems Network Architecture ) or NetBIOS packets into IP packets .
Another example would be to bind one or more dial - up asynchronous channels with a leased synchronous line to provide more bandwidth at peak hours of the day .
Another feature is the ability to store test results so you can download and print them later .
Another feature of NDIS is the ability to load multiple protocol stacks or use multiple network adapters in the same computer , as shown in Figure N - 3 and as described here :
Another file system that has been refined for use on the Internet is Microsoft 's CIFS ( Common Internet File System ) , which is an enhanced version of Microsoft 's SMB ( Server Message Blocks ) protocol , the native file - sharing protocol for Windows .
Another goal in uniting heterogeneous systems is to allow users to access back - end database systems and mainframes that were previously unavailable due to protocol and platform differences .
Another important feature is cache management in the browser .
Another important feature is support for networks built with different topologies ( such as routers , frame relay , ATM , and tag switching ) to cooperate in providing QoS from end system to end system .
Another important feature is that the server can issue a different challenge at every logon , so if a hacker does manage to capture any session information , that information cannot be used to spoof some future session .
Another important feature of application - level servers is authentication .
Another important feature of WebNFS is that it can provide from five to ten times the performance of HTTP when displaying graphics and animation .
Another important standard is Cisco 's Tag Switching standard , which is being considered by the IETF as well .
Another important strategy is to create a common data structure for storing management information that is more easily accessible .
Another interesting aspect of groups is that they provide a convenient way to change or remove the rights of a large number of users at the same time .
Another interesting development for servers is I2O , which provides an I / O device driver architecture that allows the creation of device drivers that are portable across operating systems .
Another interesting feature of the callback promise is that it provides a guarantee to a client that a file is current .
Another interesting product is one called CyberHub from Blaxxun Interactive ( http : / / www . blaxxun . com ) .
Another interesting replication scheme is to duplicate data across a firewall from a secure internal server to a public server .
Another is the S / WAN ( Secure WAN ) initiative , which is promoted by RSA Data Security .
Another issue is how routers handle priorities .
Another key feature is scaling , which allows the user to move toward an object and watch that object grow in size .
Another lane is set aside for people that qualify to use it , such as diamond lanes that can be used by vehicles with two or more passengers .
Another method is called DID ( Direct Inward Dialing ) , and it relies on the phone company to create a virtual fax phone number for each recipient in your organization but routes all incoming faxes over a single line to your fax server .
Another method is for the receiver to detect an error and then rebuild the frame .
Another method is to have someone at the fax computer route received faxes from the fax server across the network to recipients .
Another method is to have the overflowing output port signal the input port , which appears to the sender as a CSMA / CD ( carrier sense multiple access / collision detection ) collision .
Another method is to send the key in a separate e - mail message or via courier , but what if that message is intercepted along the way ? .
Another method is to use a piece of equipment such as a network analyzer to monitor and capture network traffic , then insert bogus packets into the data stream .
Another method is to use CORBA and its industry standard IIOP ( Internet Inter - ORB Protocol ) , which can bypass HTTP .
Another model uses a call - back approach , in which the server informs clients when information they have in their cache is changed by someone else .
Another more recent contender is Gigabit Ethernet , which provides Gbit / sec ( 1,000Mbit / sec ) throughput on the backbone switch or between switches .
Another name for the protocol is the ANSI ( American National Standards Institute ) standard called ADCCP ( Advanced Data Communication Control Procedure ) , but HDLC is the widely accepted name for the protocol .
Another new standard promises to improve dial - up video conferencing .
Another objective of Web development tools is to give Internet and intranet users the tools they need to directly access database systems after initially connecting with a Website .
Another one - time password technique is the challenge / response protocol , which is discussed under a separate heading in this book .
Another option is to combine the interior and exterior routers ( see Figure F - 16 ) if you use a router that has more than two ports , although this configuration is vulnerable if the single router is attacked .
Another possibility is that the cryptanalyst knows something about what is inside an encrypted message and has the algorithm used to create the ciphertext .
Another protocol called BOOTP ( Bootstrap Protocol ) provides a way for a server to supply even more configuration information to a workstation at boot time .
Another protocol used is MARS ( Multicast Address Resolution Server ) , which resolves multicast addresses .
Another reason for using dedicated servers is so you can secure them in a locked closet or data center with other shared network equipment .
Another reason is that 100 - Mbit / sec Ethernet and ATM have provided better solutions in most cases .
Another reason is to distribute the data to multiple servers to spread out traffic loads .
Another service in this category offered by carriers is SMDS ( Switched Multi megabit Data Service ) .
Another side of this is message repudiation  that is , the author of a message denies having sent it .
Another similar protocol is DHCP ( Dynamic Host Configuration Protocol ) , which can provide automatic and dynamic IP address allocation for some or all of the workstations on a network .
Another solution , called Cells in Frames , defines how to emulate ATM all the way to the desktop by carrying cells in frames .
Another solution is to create more direct routes to major destinations , which is equivalent to creating a switched network environment in which dedicated circuits can be set up between any two systems .
Another solution is to encapsulate SNA into the packets of a routable protocol such as IP .
Another standard is DMI ( Desktop Management Interface ) .
Another subset of HDLC is the LAPD ( Link Access Procedure for D Channel ) protocol associated with ISDN ( Integrated Services Digital Network ) .
Another suggestion is to create a two or three word password and then give a portion of the password to two or three people in the company .
Another system is Iridium .
Another technique is called a dictionary attack , in which the cracker is armed with a very large dictionary of words that are commonly used for passwords . ( Such dictionaries have been compiled over many years and are available on the Internet ) .
Another technique is to discover paths on the fly .
Another technique is to look for unique identifiers that indicate a virus .
Another technique is to update during idle time .
Another technology similar to OLE is OpenDoc , which was developed by Apple , IBM , Novell , and other vendors .
Another term you will encounter is frames , which has to do with dividing serial streams of data into manageable blocks for transmission as discussed later in this topic under the subheading " Framing in Data Transmissions . " .
Another thing that may promote better support for frame - relay SVCs is greater use of Internet - based VPNs ( virtual private networks ) , which are encrypted tunnels through the Internet .
Another threat comes from wireless network services such as PCS ( Personal Communications Services ) and CDPD ( Cellular Digital Packet Data ) .
Another trend is to provide mainframe connections through Web servers , where users running Web browsers connect with the Web server and make requests through it to the mainframe .
Another trick is also required to reduce the frequency , and that is to use a special three - level encoding scheme ( as opposed to two - level in other media ) to reduce the clock rate to 25 MHz .
Another type of bottleneck occurs between the network interface card and the memory of the computer .
Another type of Internet exchange is offered by companies like Digital .
Another type of LEC , pictured on the right in Figure L - 2 , is the WAN switch .
Another type of LEC is a workstation that has its own ATM network interface adapter but that runs applications that normally communicate over legacy LANs rather than ATM networks .
Another type of threat is the denial of service attack , in which an attacker causes a server to slow or stop operations using techniques that either overwhelm it with some useless task or corrupt the operating system .
Another useful site for electronic commerce information is Open Market ( http : / / www . openmarket . com ) .
Another user could easily walk up to such a system , change the access controls , and alter or copy a file .
Another utility that uses ICMP is traceroute , which provides a list of all the routers along the path to a specified destination .
Another volume might tie together shares that are common in each department , such as public documents .
Another working group called IPCDN ( IP over Cable Data Network ) has taken on this task , which more specifically will define how the IP ( Internet Protocol ) can be supported on cable television data networks .
ANSI is an organization that defines coding standards and signaling schemes in the United States .
ANSI promotes the use of U . S . standards internationally , advocates U . S . policy and technical positions in international and regional standards organizations , and encourages the adoption of international standards as national standards where these meet the needs of the user community .
ANSI was a founding member of the ISO and plays an active role in its governance .
Any device attached to the network can listen to traffic generated by other nodes .
Any device can be managed by clicking its icon on the map .
Any device that controls network traffic for security reasons can be called a firewall , and in fact the term " firewall " is used in a generic way .
Any direct meeting with the king or queen was usually preceded by a strip search .
Any discussion of data communications must begin with a discussion of protocols .
Any host can be assigned one or more class D multicast addresses .
Any input can connect with any output .
Any member can create a new message or respond to a message that was sent by another user .
Any module can be replaced or updated at any time without a need to update the entire operating system or program .
Any of these circuits can be used to obtain access to the Internet .
Any person or system that wants to send datagrams to that host addresses the datagrams to an IP address that identifies the subnetwork where the host is normally located .
Any service provided outside the LATA is an interLATA service , and these services are provided by IXCs ( interexchange carriers ) , of which there are many , such as MCI , US Sprint , ITT , and AT &amp; T .
Any station can access the network by acquiring the token .
Any TCP / IP system that is connected directly to the Internet is reachable by any user on the Internet unless these devices are in place .
Any time changes are set on this server , and then others synchronize with it .
Any Web site that can serve information to desktop computers can serve information to phones that support HDML without modification .
AnyNet is a family of access node and gateway products that help you integrate IBM SNA , TCP / IP , IPX , and NetBIOS networks with products on IBM AIX / 6000 , MVX / ESA , OS / 2 , OS / 400 , and the Microsoft Windows platform .
Anyone interested in how certificates can and will be used should visit this site .
Anyone interested in the history of the Internet should visit the Internet Society 's page at http : / / www . isoc . org / internet - history .
Anyone that has connected to the Internet by dialing an ISP ( Internet service provider ) uses this method .
Anyone that needs to use the subject 's public key can open the certificate with the certificate authority 's public key ( it was signed or locked down with the certificate authority 's private key ) .
Anyone that plans to use this operating system for production use should first make sure that applications run on the operating system and that appropriate drivers are available to support hardware and software .
Anyone wanting to connect with the MBone needs a high - speed connection of 128 Kbits / sec ( ISDN ) or greater .
Anyone with the right components and programming skills can build a network analyzer .
Anything below 10 fps appears as a series of still pictures .
Anything more opens program files to corruption , overwrites , and virus attack .
APIs are often called hooks .
APIs are the language and messaging formats that define how programs interact with an operating system , with functions in other programs , with communication systems , or with hardware drivers .
APPC , along with APPN ( Advanced Peer to Peer Networking ) and CPIC ( Common Programming Interface for Communications ) , are networking technologies that are available on many different IBM and nonIBM computing platforms .
APPC , also known as LU 6.2 , is software that enables highspeed communications between programs on different computers , from portables and workstations to midrange and host computers over SNA , Ethernet , X.25 , token ring , and other network topologies .
APPC : Introduced in the early 1980s , appc is also called LU 6.2. It is the application interface for APPN .
APPC represented a major strategy change for IBM when it was introduced .
APPC software is available for many different systems , either as part of the operating system or as a separate software package .
Appendix A lists IXCs under the heading " Telecommunications Companies . .
Apple Computer has been a big backer of U - NII and has additional information at http : / / www . research . apple . com / research .
Apple Computer has promoted the U - NII extensively and was responsible for many of the documents filed with the FCC to obtain this spectrum for use in education .
Apple Computer is mainly responsible for pushing the FCC ( Federal Communications Commission ) to unlicense the spectrum .
Apple Computer is the manufacturer of the Macintosh line of computers and developed the AppleTalk networking system that works over LocalTalk , EtherTalk , TokenTalk , and FDDITalk networks .
Apple Computer 's network architecture is now called AppleTalk , and it includes the protocols that operate over LocalTalk physical networks .
Apple is also moving Mac OS networking services such as AppleEvents , FileSharing , electronic mail , and AppleShare to Open Transport .
Apple is involved extensively in networking and distributed management .
Apple Open Transport is Apple 's solution for transport independent networking for the Mac OS .
Apple was the main supporter of the standard .
Apples current direction is to support a new and advanced operating system called Rhapsody .
Apple 's new Open Transport software is designed to replace existing AppleTalk stacks with a new enhanced AppleTalk as well as a TCP / IP protocol stack .
Apple 's next generation operating system is called Rhapsody and is due out in late 1997 or early 1998 .
AppleShare can lock the account after a specified number of failures to prevent intruders from attempting to gain access by trying different passwords .
AppleShare is a file sharing solution built on the AppleTalk protocols by Apple Computer .
AppleShare is Apple 's client and server software that allows Mac OS users to access shared files and printers .
AppleShare provides a range of functions and features , including :
AppleTalk has been the networking protocol for the Macintosh nearly as long as the Macintosh has been around .
AppleTalk is the architecture that defines a set of protocols used by devices to communicate over the network .
AppleTalk was also designed for small local workgroups , and so its performance is not adequate for large LANs and WANs , although some improvements have been made for WAN connections .
Applets are designed to run in the VM and are prevented from accessing external resources .
Application - level gateways provide proxies that control access through the firewall in a unique way .
Application builder controls : Allows components to expose their properties and behaviors to development tools so developers can quickly build applications .
Application components provide system management functions such as automatic software updates , license management , and printing services .
Application Interface : Is on the end - user side of the model .
Application interfaces that let users make requests to servers using real - time connection - oriented methods or message - passing systems that deliver responses on a more relaxed schedule .
Application interoperability across platforms is achieved through client / server computing and Web technologies .
Application logic , information retrieval , transaction monitoring , data presentation , and management may run on different computers that communicate with one another to provide end users with a seamless application interface .
Application servers communicate with back - end databases with SQL .
Application suites like Microsoft BackOffice and Office 95 , Netscape 's SuiteSpot , and Novell 's GroupWise are designed for distributed networks .
Application suites such as Microsoft Office and Exchange , Lotus Notes , and Novell Groupwise that provide messaging , scheduling , document coauthoring , rules - based message management , workflow routing , and discussion groups .
Applications access the underlying network services using defined procedures in this layer .
Applications are broken up into component parts ( objects ) that run as services on different computers , depending on where data is located or where systems are managed .
Applications are just emerging that can make QoS requests of ATM networks for services such as emulated circuits with a specific bandwidth .
Applications are split into smaller components that can be easily distributed to users and updated as necessary .
Applications can be designed to seek out these systems and distribute their processing loads among them to complete a task much more quickly .
Applications can continue processing after sending messages and do not need to wait for a connection and a reply from the recipient .
Applications can request a specific QoS through the RSVP ( Resource Reservation Protocol ) .
Applications can use TSAPI or TAPI to interact with devices like phones , PBXs , and modems .
Applications establish sessions with other destination nodes on the network by accessing logical unit software interfaces that correspond roughly to OSI session layer protocols .
Applications features such as calendaring , discussion groups , news services , newspaper creation , file sharing , document versioning , and workflow capabilities .
Applications located on the server are automatically installed when invoked by the user .
Applications must be able to make QoS requests as well .
Applications send messages to MSMQ , and MSMQ uses queues of messages to ensure that the messages eventually reach their destination .
Applications send messages to MSMQ , and MSMQ uses queues of messages to ensure that the messages eventually reach their destination .
Applications that provide network features reside at this layer and access underlying communication protocols .
Applications that run at the highest level of the protocol stack are not really involved in communications , but they do use communication services and so have appropriate features and user interfaces that take advantage of the underlying network .
Applications using the LU 6.2 protocols are called TPs ( transaction programs ) .
APPN ( Advanced Peer - to - Peer Networking ) : The underlying network communication and routing protocol that supports program - to - program communications .
APPN ( discussed next ) adds networking protocol support .
APPN is based on the concept that computers on the network have enough processing power of their own to handle session management and routing .
APPN is basically linklayer independent .
APPN is compared to OSI and TCP / IP in Figure A6 .
APPN moves various services from central control ( such as that provided by a host mainframe computer ) to decentralized control points that operate in a peer to peer relationship .
APPN NNs dynamically locate resources on the network and store the routing information locally .
APPN provides routing services for APPC sessions .
APPN was introduced by IBM in 1985 and integrated into SNA ( Systems Network Architecture ) .
Appropriateness is an interesting option .
Arbitration methods are called medium access controls .
Archive and backup services .
Archiving : Copying files that are no longer needed to archival storage .
ARCNET ( Attached Resource Computing Network ) is a token bus network , but it does not conform to the IEEE 802.4 standards .
ARCNET connections are made to active and passive hubs .
ARCNET is showing its age and is no longer sold by major vendors .
ARCNET networks have user definable addresses .
ARCNET uses 93ohm RG62 A / U coaxial cable , although twisted pair and fiberoptic cable can also be used .
ARCNET uses a token passing protocol on a token bus network topology .
ARDIS and RAM Mobile Data are nationwide radio data communication services that provide packet - radio communications .
ARDIS coverage is available in almost any location in 400 metropolitan areas in the United States , Puerto Rico , and the U . S . Virgin Islands .
ARDIS has been implemented in a number of new ways in recent years .
ARDIS is a communications system developed by a partnership between IBM and Motorola , but it is now owned by Motorola .
ARDIS is a nationwide radio data communication service that enables field workers , using handheld devices , to access centralized host computer applications .
ARDIS provides a nationwide radio data communication service in which more than 1,250 radio base stations are deployed .
Are Internet virtual circuits available ? .
Are switched service offerings available for any - to - any connections ? .
Are the contents of the certificate authentic , such as username , address , social security number , medical records , or whatever ? .
Are voice services available ? .
Arial Corporation ( http : / / www . arial . com ) has developed an ATM adapter for workstations that allows direct connection to an ADSL without a modem .
ARIS , like Cisco 's Tag Switching , attaches labels to packets that guide them through a switched network .
ARIS and other IP switching schemes employ label routing or tagging techniques , which provide a way to add information to packets that can be used to guide those packets through VCs ( virtual circuits ) .
ARIS and other IP switching technologies take advantage of ISRs ( interswitch routers ) , switches that have been modified to provide IP routing support , or seen another way , routers that have been augmented to support ATM switching and virtual circuit capabilities .
ARIS is a protocol that establishes switched paths through networks that act as virtual circuits , moving packets through the network without the need to make routing decisions at every step along the way .
ARLL ( advanced run length limited ) : Doubles the density of MFM recording by converting patterns into codes that can be stored in flux transitions that are four times as dense .
Around 1975 , AT &amp; T made the operating system available on an open basis to universities and colleges for use in research projects and computer science programs .
ARP is used in all cases where one node on a TCP / IP network needs to know the MAC address of another node on the same network or on an internetwork .
ARP is used to discover the MAC address of Router AB , and all frames for transmission to Host C1 are then sent to Router AB 's MAC address .
ARPANET provided links between researchers and remote computer centers .
ARPANET was a packet switching network developed in the early 1970s .
ARPANET was funded by ARPA ( Advanced Research Projects Agency ) , which later became DARPA ( Defense Advanced Research Projects Agency ) .
ARPANET was funded by the DARPA ( Defense Advanced Research Projects Agency ) .
ARPANET was officially dismantled in 1990 .
ARQ is usually preferred because it requires fewer bits for transmission , but if many errors do occur , such as in wireless mobile communications , retransmission may occupy a large part of the bandwidth .
ARQ strategies allow a receiving device to detect errors in transmissions and request a retransmission from the sender .
Arriving packets are forwarded by the bridge based on the entries it has in its table .
Articles and messages are put in a central database , and users access the database to get at the information .
Articles are put in central databases throughout the Internet and users access the database to get the articles they need .
As a mobile user travels from one cell to another , there is a hand - off from one base station to another .
As a result , almost every Web user has an SMTP mail client available for their use .
As a result , the X.509 standard is being interpreted in a number of ways , depending on the vendor that decides to use it .
As a server , OS / 2 Warp Server supports standard file - sharing and network print services .
As a side note , the digital subscriber services discussed under " DSL ( Digital Subscriber Line ) " allow higher frequencies ( and higher data rates ) on the local loop because they bypass the telephone companies switching system filters .
As a switching technology , smds has advantages over building private networks with dedicated digital lines such as T1 .
As a testament to the strength of the network industry in general , $ 1 invested with the company in 1990 is now worth more than $ 100 .
As a user steps through a transaction , changes are made to databases .
As above , dhcp automatically assigns IP addresses to mobile users at the subnet where they attach .
As an added precaution , you should make sure that an auditing system tracks and logs all activities of the backup operator .
As an agent gathers information , it stores it in appropriate objects in the MIB .
As an analogy , imagine the creation of a formal agreement between two embassies .
As an aside , microsoft and Cisco Systems developed similar protocols with different objectives in mind .
As an aside , note that CDPD may be only a temporary fix to prolong the life of AMPS .
As an example , a class B address of 128.10.50.25 and a class B subnet mask of 255.255.0.0 are shown in the following table .
As an example , a manager may detect excess traffic on a network .
As an organization implements ATM , the dividing line between public and private ATM shifts .
As bandwidth is required , additional circuits are added and bonded together if necessary .
As both clients make changes to the file , technically , three versions of the file exist .
As clients change files , other clients holding copies of the files are called back and notified of changes .
As customer demand for T1 rates increased , hdsl satisfied those needs with a service that could be set up in hours and that required little maintenance on the part of the provider .
As data on hard drives becomes old or falls into disuse , it is transferred to near - line optical disk storage where it is still readily available if necessary .
As datagrams cross a subnetwork , they " piggyback " a ride in the frames of that subnetwork .
As described under IP ( Internet Protocol ) , an IP address contains both a network number and a host address .
As discussed under " Bandwidth on Demand , " additional circuits are aggregated to form a larger data pipe .
As discussed under " Parallel Processing , " SMP systems have limited scalability ( i . e . , the shared bus becomes overloaded as processors are added ) , and MPP systems require complex programming techniques due to the distributed nature of the processing nodes .
As discussed under the heading IBM Mainframe Environment , an IBM SNA network consists of host systems , terminals ( or PCs running emulation software ) and printers , cluster controllers , communication controllers , and other components .
As distributed systems grow , central control is often lost .
As each router receives the RESV command , it will reserve the required bandwidth .
As electrical signals are transmitted on a cable , they tend to degenerate in proportion to the length of the cable .
As exchange formats become standardized , this should become less of a problem .
As explained next , these routers theoretically know about all other networks connected to the Internet and are able to forward the packet appropriately .
As explained under the topic " Internet , " the Internet began as the ARPANET in the late 1960s .
As far as IP over ATM standards go , mpoa may be the best choice because the ATM Forum has designed it to work with many other standards in an attempt to provide support for all the services that might be needed to support legacy networks over ATM .
As for wide area networks , two approaches are possible .
As frames enter a frame switch , the switch looks at the MAC ( Medium Access Control ) address in the frame , then sets up a connection to the port on which the computer with that address is connected .
As hub technology and structured wiring become the accepted methods for connecting an enterprise , the need for high - speed backplanes becomes more important .
As information passes down through the protocol layers , it forms a packet called the PDU ( protocol data unit ) .
As it became clear that building two separate networks was a waste of resources , organizations began looking at methods for combining SNA and non - SNA protocols on the same network .
As it moves through the network , routers quickly send it through virtual circuit 01 .
As light passes through the cable , its rays bounce off the cladding in different ways as shown in Figure F - 8 .
As mentioned , a bridge can be used to split a LAN into two segments , which effectively makes two smaller shared segments .
As mentioned , a distributed computing environment is similar to a client / server environment , except that there are many servers and many clients who access any one of those servers at any time .
As mentioned , a leased line between your site and the carrier 's frame - relay access point is usually essential , although switched - circuit ISDN is also a possibility .
As mentioned , a voice VPN is a carrier offering in which voice - switching services for an organization are performed by a service provider such as AT &amp; T or MCI .
As mentioned , amps broadcasts signals limited to a specific frequency within each cell .
As mentioned , an important part of SET 's success will be its overall acceptance by cardholders ( who run SET - compatible computers ) , credit card issuers , merchants , acquirers , and CAs .
As mentioned , applications need an interface to IP .
As mentioned , atm is a connection oriented technology , meaning that it sets up virtual circuits over which end systems communicate .
As mentioned , basic rate ISDN has two 64Kbit / sec B channels that can be combined into a single 128Kbit / sec channel using band width on demand techniques .
As mentioned , buying a disk with the fastest rotation rate is a virtual guarantee that you will get good performance , as long as you match it with a host adapter that is recommended by the manufacturer .
As mentioned , certificates can be used to verify users during a server logon process .
As mentioned , digital information is transmitted across a medium by representing data bits as pulses .
As mentioned , dsl enhances the data capacity of the existing twisted - pair wire that runs between the local telephone company switching offices and most homes and offices .
As mentioned , each department in a company may have its own staging system for lightly or highly summarized data .
As mentioned , Fibre Channel can establish dedicated , point - to - point connections between devices .
As mentioned , firewalls that provide circuit - level proxy services , application - level proxy services , and stateful inspection techniques are available .
As mentioned , Gigabit Ethernet is designed for the campus or building environment as a high - bandwidth backbone and a way to connect routers , switches , hubs , repeaters , and servers .
As mentioned , hackers may exploit trust relationships .
As mentioned , hash functions are used to digitally sign documents .
As mentioned , hdlc forms the basis for data link layer control in X.25 packet - switching networks .
As mentioned , html documents are plain text documents that you can create in any word processor , although a number of development tools are available .
As mentioned , Internet RFCs 1122 and 1323 provide information about fixes and extensions to TCP .
As mentioned , ISDN ( Integrated Services Digital Network ) is an example of a circuit - switching service .
As mentioned , isdn supports bandwidth on demand to boost the transmission rates on a temporary basis .
As mentioned , it bypasses traditional ATM signaling , OSI addressing , and other features and essentially gives the overlying IP layer direct control of the ATM hardware .
As mentioned , lane tends to hide applications from ATM so existing Ethernet and token ring clients can run unchanged .
As mentioned , lapb is the data link protocol for X.25 .
As mentioned , most ISPs are already digitally terminated , so there is plenty of opportunity for taking advantage of this .
As mentioned , mpoa makes every attempt to leverage the ATM Forums specification .
As mentioned , Netscape 's products are built on open Web standards , and this has advantages for organizations that are building internal intranets and connections with the Internet .
As mentioned , operating systems like Microsoft Windows have solved many of these problems .
As mentioned , other levels of RAID have been developed , but some are proprietary .
As mentioned , packet loosely defines a block of data , but at the data link layer , streams of bits are grouped into frames and transmitted across the physical medium .
As mentioned , private - key cryptography is often used to encrypt data on hard drives .
As mentioned , qos services for the Internet were still under development at the time of this writing .
As mentioned , snmp is the most common and popular network management protocol available today .
As mentioned , socks evaluates connection requests for internal users , sets up proxy circuits , and relays data between the client and target server .
As mentioned , the ATM Forum is a vendor consortium that sets standards for ATM .
As mentioned , the FCC regulates telecommunications in the United States .
As mentioned , the Internet is a packet - switched network that spans the globe .
As mentioned , the maximum ring length is 100 km .
As mentioned , the ORB is often seen as a bus connecting a client with objects that provide services .
As mentioned , the OSI model has become the model to which all other network architectures and protocols are compared .
As mentioned , the UNIX file system is hierarchical in structure and starts with a root directory ( called / ) from which all other directories branch .
As mentioned , there are many proposed cable modem standards .
As mentioned , there are several techniques , some of which are built on others .
As mentioned , this classical approach is inefficient and is generally not the best way to support IP over ATM .
As mentioned , this works well for a typical Internet session in which more information is downloaded from Web servers than is uploaded .
As mentioned , time division multiplexing allocates time slots to channels even if there is nothing to transmit on the channel .
As mentioned , users do not interact directly with MTAs , but instead go through a mail interface that is connected to the UA .
As mentioned , when a user visits an ActiveX Web site , the components associated with a specific Web page are downloaded to the user and remain on the user 's system for later use .
As mentioned , wireless LANs are typically located within an office environment .
As mentioned , you can type ? to see a complete list of commands , and there are many .
As mentioned above , adding sequence numbers to packets allows the receiver to detect missing packets .
As mentioned above , the work area must provide two outlets .
As mentioned above , there are file - sharing systems as well , but these systems take advantage of the underlying file systems that run on individual computers .
As mentioned earlier , a Web browser is a container that can hold ActiveX and JavaBeans components .
As mentioned earlier , ethernet networks can be built with coaxial cables in a bus topology or with twisted - pair cables using a star topology .
As mentioned earlier , if a data transmission is like water flowing through a hose , some control is needed to prevent the bucket at the other end from overflowing .
As mentioned in step 4 above , you simply type anonymous as your login name , then type your e - mail address ( or anything really ) as your password .
As mentioned previously , class C addresses restrict the number of hosts per network to 254 .
As mentioned previously , web browsers provide much of the same functionality on the Internet that OLE provides for applications that run in Windows .
As message exchange and electronic commerce on the Internet grows , so will the need for digital signatures .
As most readers probably know , the line speeds quoted above are not always possible .
As NetWare grew in popularity , its designers improved its hardware independence .
As networks grow , more bridges may be added , but routers are a better choice because they give administrators more control over network traffic and provide security barriers between networks .
As new domains are registered , administrators of DNS servers around the world must add the new names and create pointers for them .
As new standards evolve , ibm plans to include them into Open Blueprint .
As new strings appear , a tree structure is created , similar to Figure C - 16 , which shows the " T " branch of the tree .
As of 1997 , novell has three primary network operating systems , as outlined here :
As of this writing , apple has a strategy in place that includes the release of new operating systems and enhanced versions of Open Transport .
As of this writing , futureshare was the product code name .
As of this writing , however , appletalk is starting to show its age and Apple was already announcing products that were designed to shift Apple network users into the world of the Internet and TCP / IP networks .
As of this writing , most network managers are interested in the concept but are in a wait - and - see mode .
As of this writing , pptp was still under IETF development .
As of this writing , pricing is still up in the air for DSL services .
As of this writing , there have been no successful attacks against IDEA .
As one moves out of range , the other moves into range .
As one user works with a program , other people in the conference see the actions of that user .
As online shoppers browse for things to buy , they can put items in a shopping basket .
As packets arrive at a router , they are put in a queue based on a tag in the packet that indicates its priority value .
As pictured in Figure I - 19 , an NT1 device connects the customer with the telephone company 's local loop .
As pictured in Figure J - 1 , the clients may be traditional desktop computers or NC ( network computer ) devices that are optimized to run the JavaOS .
As pictured in Figure P - 14 , a firewall runs proxy services for each different type of Internet application that needs to be controlled .
As pictured in Figure T - 19 , the simplest model of a network consists of three layers , with an application layer at the top , a transport layer in the middle , and a network layer at the bottom .
As pictured on the right in Figure B1 , this type of wiring provides a topology that keeps local traffic local ( from station to station on the same hub / switch ) and funnels traffic to the backbone only when necessary .
As seen in Figure F - 23 , the X.25 network on the left requires that an acknowledgment be returned to a sending node at every step along the transmission path .
As shown here , the signal is higher than the noise level at the transmitter but is equal to the noise level at the receiver due to attenuation :
As shown in Figure A4 , agents reside in devices on the network and monitor activities on those devices .
As shown in Figure B8 , the underlying transfer mode for implementing BISDN is cell switching .
As shown in Figure D - 3 , the transmitting modem converts a digital signal into an analog signal and the receiving modem converts the signal back to discrete digital signals .
As shown in Figure D - 30 , each station is attached to each bus .
As shown in Figure D - 9 , a hub is usually attached to a port .
As shown in Figure E - 1 , the highest frequencies in the gamma ray spectrum have the shortest wavelengths .
As shown in Figure E - 4 , a vendor might need to supply an e - mail gateway that allows users to access Internet mail .
As shown in Figure F - 13 , a typical application - level gateway can provide proxy services for applications and protocols like Telnet , FTP , HTTP , and SMTP .
As shown in Figure F - 17 , the original header for a datagram is copied into each fragment .
As shown in Figure H - 7 , the client makes a request to the Web server , and the Web server sends HTML information back to the client .
As shown in Figure I - 6 , ima distributes traffic across multiple T1 circuits .
As shown in Figure L - 4 ( a ) , a device that has multiple LAPB links will implement MLP as an upper - layer management protocol to allocate frames to the links .
As shown in Figure M - 13 , you can imagine a tree of routers that branch from the multicast source and connect to end systems that want to receive the multicast .
As shown in Figure N - 10 , the network consists of a cable that attaches to NICs ( network interface cards ) in each of the devices .
As shown in Figure N - 15 ( a ) , a single Ethernet LAN provides a single broadcast domain in which multiple users share the same network topology .
As shown in Figure N - 2 , ndis is defined in the MAC ( Medium Access Control ) sublayer relative to the OSI protocol stack .
As shown in Figure P - 3 , group of telephones , called extensions , connect into the PBX .
As shown in Figure T - 10 , signals simply reroute in the opposite direction , creating a loop back cable configuration .
As shown in Figure T - 9 , the MAU contains a " collapsed ring . .
As shown in the figure , the entire database may be managed by an administrator in the AdminGroup , but the WestDiv portion of the database is partitioned and replicated to the Los Angeles office so users at that site have more direct access to the information in that portion of the database .
As shown in the following table , this basic channel is called DS - 0 .
As shown on the left in Figure M - 18 , a typical in - house system may consist of clients connecting with middle - tier systems using connection - oriented RPCs ( remote procedure calls ) and connectionless messaging protocols as described under " MOM ( Message - Oriented Middleware ) . " .
As shown on the right in Figure D - 17 , when a workstation using demand priority needs to transmit , it sends a request to the hub .
As shown on the right in Figure F - 19 , you can build a virtual private network through the carrier 's packet - switched network and instead of leasing a dedicated line that runs all the way to your remote sites , you lease a " short " dedicated line that runs from your site to the carrier 's frame - relay access point , which may be as close as a few blocks .
As signals travel long distances , some degradation occurs .
As soon as the user connects , the mail is downloaded .
As TCP / IP - based intranets grow , there will be less SNA traffic to deal with on the corporate network .
As the algorithm proceeds , a root bridge is selected from the set of bridges .
As the business grows , atm does not constrain that growth .
As the core of the BackOffice platform , Windows NT provides the advantages outlined next .
As the experiment continued , there was an increased need to simplify the process of interconnecting many different types of computers , but each computer vendor used different interconnection techniques .
As the Internet grows , companies are finding that implementing EDI over it is more cost effective than building private systems or going through value - added network providers .
As the name implies , CD - ROMs are read - only , but new CD - R ( recordable ) technologies have become popular , and many organizations are using the medium to record and distribute catalogs , price sheets , and other information .
As the name implies , it provides connectionless datagram services over OSI networks .
As the number of packets on the network increases , congestion occurs that can reduce network performance or cripple it .
As the organization was interconnected , e - mail gateway systems were often employed to translate messages among the different systems .
As the size of networks grows , configuration management software , along with other centrally located management software ( security , accounting , and performance tracking , for example ) are becoming more important .
As the use for these applications grows , so will the need for more bandwidth .
As the user moves into a new cell , the base station in that cell takes over the call .
As they collect traffic information , they write it down .
As traffic increases , more collisions occur .
As transmission rates increase , the number of bits affected by disturbances increases because there are more bits involved in the time frame of the disturbance .
As users exchange messages , they create message threads that can be archived and reviewed at any point .
As users travel , they may move from one cell to another , necessitating a handoff and the selection of a new channel .
As with all packets on the Internet , the message may be forwarded through several intermediate servers until it reaches the destination .
As with other cellular systems , mobile users communicate with a base station in each cell by using separate uplink and downlink channels .
As you probably know , ip datagrams are normally routed through an IP network .
As you type , each character is transmitted to the computer over an asynchronous link .
As you 'll see , the frequency of the signals plays a role in the amount of data that can be transmitted without distortion over an analog telephone line .
Ascend Communications , Inc . http : / / www . ascend . com has information on BACP , along with its own related protocol called MP ( Multilink Protocol + ) .
Ascend MP ( Multichannel Protocol Plus ) is an inverse multiplexing scheme developed and maintained by Ascend Communications .
Ascend 's MAX TNT is a multiprotocol WAN access switch that is designed for use by large organizations or Internet service providers .
ASCII identifies each letter of the alphabet with a 7 - bit code and provides an extended character set using 8 - bit codes .
ASICs are programmable chips that , for switches , have switching code programmed into their silicon .
Aside from these management systems , the primary tools for managing and troubleshooting networks include cable testers and network analyzers .
Ask to see a map so you can determine if they pass through potentially congested areas .
Assigning a multicast address to a host is equivalent to subscribing that host to a multicast " channel . " .
Assume a cell needs to get from input port D to output port B .
Assume a computer at one end of the cable puts a signal on the cable .
Assume a server is transmitting to a client .
Assume Bob and Alice want to exchange private encrypted messages over an insecure system like the Internet .
Assume Host A1 wants to transmit to Host A2 .
Assume one of the hosts on network A has the address A1 .
Assume several users on a LAN attempt to transmit across a slow WAN link .
Assume that node 100.20.10.1 ( called sender from here on ) wants to send a message to node 100.20.11.1 ( called destination ) .
Assume that the dual - homed host runs an HTTP Web service .
Assume the NHS servers in Figure N - 19 already know each other 's addresses .
Assume you are back in the 1960s , sitting at a dumb terminal connected to a mainframe computer .
Assume you are trying to figure out how many vehicles pass through a tunnel per hour .
Assume you connect three networks together as shown in Figure N - 18 .
Assume you have the opportunity to redesign metropolitan area freeway systems .
Assume you want to send a message to someone you 've never met or to an Internet business you 've never done business with .
Assuming IP is your internetwork routing protocol , you can refer to " IP over ATM " for additional information .
Assuming you have a conservative budget , the best way to gain performance at a reasonable price is with multiprocessor systems .
Asymmetrical Multiprocessing Computer systems with multiple processors can utilize the processors in one of two ways .
Asymmetrical multiprocessing is a multiprocessing technique in which each processor works on specific tasks , such as I / O .
Asymmetrical multiprocessing system : In asymmetrical multiprocessing systems , each processor basically stands on its own and equally shares all resources in the system .
Asymmetrical multiprocessing systems do not balance workloads .
Asymmetrical public - key cryptography is an alternative to the private - key DES and IDEA schemes .
Asymmetrical services are suitable for Internet users because more information is usually downloaded than uploaded .
Asynchronous communications is the transmission of data between two devices that are not synchronized with one another using a clocking mechanism or other technique .
Asynchronous protocols used with most modems and IBM 's BISYNC ( Binary Synchronous Communications ) protocol are byte oriented protocols .
Asynchronous ring mode is token - based .
Asynchronous transmission can take place at speeds up to 56 Kbits / sec over normal switched ( dialup ) or leased telephone lines .
Asynchronous transmissions can take place between two nearby computers by connecting a nullmodem cable between the asynchronous communications ports of each computer .
Asynchronous workstations then contend for the rest .
AT &amp; T ( American Telephone and Telegraph ) played an important part in the formation of the U . S . telecommunication system , so much so that the government brought a number of antitrust suits against it over the years .
AT &amp; T : In charge of the InterNIC Directory and Database Services .
AT &amp; T eventually merged its UNIX development under a single unit called UNIX System Laboratories , or USL .
AT &amp; T is the outcome of Alexander Graham Bell 's phone company .
AT &amp; T now offers SVC services over ATM .
At any rate , most people realize the potential of the Internet the first time they use a graphical Web browser .
At any rate , this discussion refers to units of transmitted information as packets .
At any time , you can click icons or choose menu options to select a content channel .
At each router along a path to a destination , a decision must be made about which way to send the packet .
At first , customers could only connect with other customers of the phone company they used , but soon , trunk lines were established between phone companies and everybody could call everybody else in the same local area .
At first , the systems used a client / server relationship , but it was decided that a host - to - host protocol was preferred .
At its basic level , a WAN is meant to simultaneously transport the traffic of many users across a transmission medium .
At least one node within each group , called a border node , exchanges PGIDs and topology information with border nodes in other peer groups .
At logon , the user supplies credentials ( username , password , domain name ) , and those credentials are checked in the user account database .
At night , the gates were closed and goods were brought into the castle  usually after close inspection .
At one point in the late 1970s , there was an effort to integrate the TCP / IP protocol suite into the OSI ( Open Systems Interconnection ) protocol suite , but this effort failed .
At one time , many thought that X.400 would provide a global mail system , but with the rise of the Internet and Internet electronic mail protocols , x.400 has faded .
At some point ( probably in the distant future ) , cell switching may be brought all the way to the desktop , but current investment in shared LAN technologies will probably stall this development for some time .
At some point , its deficiencies will start to pop up and make themselves known .
At some point , the traffic levels will increase to the point where a dedicated link is required .
At that frequency , it is very difficult to send binary signals at data rates higher than 38.4 Kbits / sec without using special techniques .
At that time , all the providers interconnected their own backbones with one another at NAPs ( network access points ) .
At that time , the operating system was named Mac OS .
At that time , UDP ( User Datagram Protocol ) was also created to provide an alternative application interface to IP .
At the 1997 Voice on the Net conference in Boston , a Federal Communications attorney said the FCC wants to encourage growth of Internet telephony and had no plans to regulate it soon .
At the bottom are the most basic services ( such as operating systems ) and at the top are applications .
At the bottom , organizations and home users connect to local ISPs ( Internet service providers ) .
At the destination , the internal packet is removed and routed on the destination network to the end system .
At the edges of autonomous domains are routers that exchange information with routers in other autonomous domains using exterior routing protocols .
At the first switch , the left - most 1 indicates that the cell should go " up " .
At the hardware level , each frame is transmitted as a bit stream on the wire .
At the highest level , users interact with applications .
At the lowest layers of the communication protocol stack are physical networks and data link protocols that define how bits are transmitted between two systems .
At the most basic level , information is converted into signals that can be transmitted across a guided ( copper or fiber - optic cable ) or unguided medium .
At the Motorola site mentioned above , you can find information on the Personal Messenger Wireless PC Card modems for portable computers .
At the next hop , a flow is again detected and another virtual circuit is set up to eliminate the third switch controller .
At the next intersection , another person points you in the right direction .
At the other embassy , each diplomat reads the message addressed to him or her and passes the enclosed envelope up to the next - ranking officer .
At the other end of a cable , another computer puts a signal on the cable as well because , due to propagation delay , it has not detected that the other computer has already put a signal on the cable .
At the other end of the multiplexed cable , a prism or diffraction grating is used to separate the beams of light .
At the other end of the session , it resumes by making a connection to the appropriate end system .
At the other end of the spectrum are software - based network analyzers that are available as freeware .
At the other end , a simple photodetector collects the light and converts it back to electrical signals for transmission over copper cable networks .
At the receiving end , the cells are recombined in their proper order to maintain ATM 's quality - of - service characteristics .
At the receiving end , the data is recombined into a single stream .
At the receiving end , the fragmented pieces must be reassembled .
At the receiving end , the packet is unencapsulated and travels on to its destination on that network .
At the same time , cde provides system administrators with a higher level of control of desktop environments in client / server and distributed computing environments .
At the same time , microsoft began developing its own multi user technology for Windows NT 5.0 , partly with work obtained from Citrix and a French company called Prologue .
At the same time , most network applications are session oriented , meaning that communication processes in two systems like to maintain a connection between one another .
At the same time , a number of other companies such as IBM decided to use JavaBeans instead of OpenDoc as well .
At the same time , directory services can emulate the yellow pages as well , providing users with an easy way to look up available services .
At the same time , many of the LECs are getting into the long - distance business in selected high - traffic areas so they to can offer end - to - end services to their customers .
At the same time , many organizations still run mainframe systems .
At the same time , some traffic requires a higher priority than other traffic , such as the delivery of stock transaction information .
At the same time , sonet is backward compatible with NADH .
At the same time , the 56 - bit key is divided in half .
At the same time , the flow - control technique provides a way for the receiver to indicate to the sender that its buffers are getting full .
At the same time , the maximum distance between a hub and an end system is 100 meters .
At the same time , the Microsoft and Intel NetPC design runs most existing Microsoft Windows applications .
At the same time , the switch can ensure that any station can obtain a connection to any other station on the LAN .
At the same time , video conferencing is becoming more popular .
At the same time , web technology can be used to build private in - house information systems , called intranets , over TCP / IP networks .
At the same time , wireless services may reduce the need for copper wire local loops .
At the same time , you should not need to write routines into your program that verify whether messages and data were received .
At the second switch , the middle 1 bit indicates that the cell should once again go up .
At the server , ncp requests are received , unpacked , and interpreted .
At the source ( A1 ) , a datagram is created with the IP address of the destination host C1 .
At the third switch , the right - most 0 indicates that the cell should go " down , " where it arrives at the correct destination port .
At the time of this writing , a number of IETF ( Internet Engineering Task Force ) working groups were working on QoS - related network protocols , as outlined here :
At the time of this writing , ibm was submitting ARIS to the IETF ( Internet Engineering Task Force ) for consideration as the standard protocol in the MPLS ( Multiprotocol Label Switching ) standard .
At the time of this writing , QoS - related protocols for the Internet were just beginning to be provided by vendors and put to real use , so the outcome of retrofitting the Internet for QoS is still unknown .
At the time of this writing , ibm had shipped over 400,000 AS / 400 systems .
At the time of this writing , many are still under development .
At the time of this writing , several states were drafting legislation to regulate certification authorities and allow digital signatures to replace handwritten signatures .
At the time of this writing , the feature set for LDAP 3.0 was still being hammered out in IETF committees .
At the time of this writing , the IEEE ( Institute of Electrical and Electronic Engineers ) was ironing out the final details of Gigabit Ethernet .
At the time of this writing , vendors were still hammering out their IP switching strategies .
At the top are Java applications that run on any platform .
At the top are MAPI - compliant applications that communicate through the MAPI subsystem to MAPI service providers .
At the top are state , federal , or international agencies .
At the top of the hierarchy is a high - performance switch that handles traffic from lower - level switches at the department or workgroup level .
At the top , formal negotiations take place between ambassadors , but in the background , diplomats and officers work on documents , define procedures , and perform other activities .
At the top , the corporate site must maintain a bank of modems attached to an access server .
At the workstation , a cable is strung from the faceplate to a transceiver , which then connects to the workstation .
At these speeds , most network managers can build switched networks with any routing configuration necessary .
At this level , the communication system can only provide best effort delivery service because the underlying network is unpredictable .
At this point , the connection between the remote client and the corporate network is like any PPP connection .
At this writing , dsl is still taking shape and vendors are hyping its capabilities .
At this writing , the backbone runs at 622 Mbits / sec and links the same supercomputer centers that were connected with the original NSFNET .
At this writing , the longest SCSI cable distance was 25 meters ( with 32 meters planned in the future ) .
At this writing , the RBOCs were challenging the act by claiming that it allowed unfair access to their operations by competing companies .
ATM ( Asynchronous Transfer Mode ) : A high - speed cell - based backbone network technology used by the carriers and in private network environments .
ATM ( Asynchronous Transfer Mode ) has been the most likely contender to satisfy the requirements for collapsed backbones .
ATM ( Asynchronous Transfer Mode ) is specifically designed to deliver real - time media such as voice and video over the same network that transfers data .
ATM ( Asynchronous Transfer Mode ) is the best candidate for building such networks because it provides the quality - of - service requirements needed to deliver constant bit - rate traffic like live video and voice .
ATM ( Asynchronous Transfer Mode ) is the best networking technology to provide this because it was designed from the ground up to provide the QoS ( Quality of Service ) features that are necessary to deliver real - time voice ( and video ) traffic over data networks .
ATM ( Asynchronous Transfer Mode ) is the key to AT &amp; T 's communication system , which provides various types and speeds of access and trunk interfaces so service providers can build the " gigabit " data highways for future networking systems .
ATM ( Asynchronous Transfer Mode ) networks and iso - Ethernet are examples of networks that can do this .
ATM and frame relay are connection - oriented , circuit - based networks in which traffic flows through PVCs or SVCs ( permanent or switched virtual circuits ) .
ATM and Gigabit Ethernet can fulfill that role .
ATM breaks frames up into small cells , and each cell adds overhead that reduces throughput .
ATM can provide the basis for building virtual networks .
ATM cells are 53 bytes in length while frames vary in size and may be up to 8,000 bytes in length 
ATM cells are packets of information that contain payload and header information that contain channel and path information to direct the cell to its destination .
ATM cells negotiate ATM switches with the same efficiency , providing several benefits :
ATM Forum : A consortium of vendors and users that recommends and develops ATM standards .
ATM has been a long time in coming , and several movements are underway that bypass parts of the standard in the interest of support for legacy protocols and networks .
ATM has been the great hope for multimedia networks because it supports QoS guarantees that let network administrators and users reserve network bandwidth to handle their multimedia requirements .
ATM has many benefits , including speed , scalability , and the ability to specify QoS ( quality of service ) .
ATM hubs have highperformance switching matrices that can handle millions of packets per second .
ATM implements cell relay to provide data throughput rates in the multi megabit and multi gigabit - per - second range .
ATM includes QoS ( quality of service ) features that let customers prioritize certain types of traffic , such as voice and video that must arrive on time , to ensure that less important traffic does not preempt realtime traffic .
ATM is a connection - oriented scheme , while IP is connectionless .
ATM is a connection - oriented technology that sets up virtual circuits through a network before sending data .
ATM is a highspeed network technology that is designed for both LAN and WAN use .
ATM is also connection oriented .
ATM is also widely used in the carrier networks where Gigabit Ethernet is inappropriate .
ATM is another networking technology that uses the connection - oriented approach .
ATM is considered a better choice for networks that integrate data , voice , video , and other real - time traffic because it has built - in QoS ( Quality of Service ) .
ATM is independent of any specific transmission medium .
ATM is the clear choice because it has QoS built in .
ATM is the switching technology for BISDN and provides BISDN users access to the SONET fiberoptic network .
ATM is the underlying network technology that makes BISDN possible .
ATM networks can do this .
ATM networks provide QoS ( Quality of Service ) , which goes a lot further in guaranteeing high - quality delivery of voice calls ( and real - time video ) .
ATM provides many benefits , including a high - speed switching backbone that has the ability to deliver voice and video with a high quality of service .
ATM provides very highspeed switching of these packets between the links attached to the SONET network .
ATM sets up virtual circuits between endpoints , which has many benefits of its own .
ATM supports both PVCs ( permanent virtual circuits ) and SVCs ( switched virtual circuits ) .
ATM supports many different media , including existing media used by other communications systems .
ATM takes full advantage of the transmission speeds available on fiberoptic cable .
ATM trades off error checking and acknowledgment features for raw speed .
ATM uses cells as its basic unit for moving data across the underlying medium .
ATM uses fixed - size cells and high - speed switching to improve service .
ATM virtual channels and virtual paths .
ATM was originally defined as part of the BISDN ( BroadbandIntegrated Services Digital Network ) standard .
ATM was originally defined by the telephone companies and has been heavily promoted by them as an end to end networking technology , as well as a voice technology .
ATM will only transmit across virtual circuits .
ATM 's fixed - size cells allow predictable delivery of network traffic so that bandwidth can be reserved in advance and high - priority users ( such as the CEO ) can be guaranteed the bandwidth they need , while remaining bandwidth is allocated to other users on an " as available " basis .
ATM 's scalability is important to growing companies .
Attaching them to the same network and using the same network protocols provides network - level connections , but that still doesn't imply that users at those systems will be able to communicate .
Attachment to MANs is via bridges and routers over T1 , ISDN ( Integrated Services Digital Network ) , or similar links .
Attackers do what they do to gain illegal access to documents and systems .
Attackers may lock out the legitimate account owner and have their way with the system .
Attendees sit at their workstations and collaborate on a joint project by opening documents on the screen and working on those documents together .
Attenuation is a natural characteristic of cable , but uncharacteristic attenuation may indicate excessive bends or partial breaks in the cable .
Attenuation is also caused by broken or damaged cables .
Attenuation is measured by devices that inject signals with a known power level at one end of the line and measure the power level at the other end of the line .
Attenuation is measured by sending a signal through a cable and measuring the signal strength at the other end of the cable .
Attenuation is measured in dB ( decibels ) of signal loss .
Attenuation is signal loss , measured in decibels , of a signal transmission over distance .
Attenuation is the main reason networks have various cable - length restrictions .
Attenuation of the signal caused by a resistance to current in a cable .
Attributes are basically fields in the database that can hold some value .
Attributes define user access to files and directories and the properties of files and directories .
AU ( access unit ) : An AU provides access to the mail system for other entities , such as fax , teletex , and telex users .
Auditing is a part of the access control process .
Auditing is the collection and monitoring of events on servers and networks for the purpose of tracking security violations and to keep track of how systems are used .
Auditing records can be viewed using special filters to produce reports that show specific activities .
Auditing records must be properly secured ( i . e . , write them to a write - once optical disk ) so that an attacker cannot change records that would reveal their activities .
Authentication : Provides verification of users during an initial logon and a secure way for one server to trust that another server has properly identified a user so users only need to log on once .
Authentication : To validate users that are trying to access your system .
Authentication and encryption can be added to virtual dial - up sessions to provide a private and secure connection .
Authentication can be provided by CHAP ( Challenge Handshake Authentication Protocol ) , PAP ( Password Authentication Protocol ) , TACACS + ( Terminal Access Controller Access Control System Plus ) , RADIUS ( Remote Authentication Dial - In User Service ) , token access cards , and one - time password schemes .
Authentication is also required for message exchange to verify that a particular message has not been fabricated or altered in transit .
Authentication is required on secure systems to ensure that the person who is logging in is who they say they are .
Authentication on the Internet is another matter because there is usually no previous contact between client and vendor .
Authentication routines are defined in this layer .
Authentication takes place over a security channel , and all information transmitted during the sessions is encrypted .
Authentication will be required of users that make requests of reservations and of packets that make such requests .
Authenticity , so you know who published the code .
Authenticity , so you know who published the code .
Authorization : Provides a way to grant users access to remote resources based on their role or level of authority .
Authorization determines what users can do once they are authenticated .
Authorized users sign off at various stages , locking parts or all of the document from further editing .
Autodiscovery of devices on the network .
Automated backup systems include dedicated backup servers that can automatically back up data to magnetic disk , jukebox tape libraries , and jukebox optical disk systems .
Automated features prevent hang - ups in forms processing .
Automated tape devices provide a way to make archived data on tape available to network users , if necessary .
Automatic error and crash recovery is also provided .
Automatic operating system updates and application installations from a central location .
Automatically disconnect problem nodes that are disrupting the network .
Automating the procedures to take advantage of the network that is already in place is what configuration management is all about .
Automation is the primary advantage of DMI .
Autonomous systems are considered domains .
Availability : With DFS , files are available during system maintenance .
AVI ( Audio - Video Interleave ) : AVI was developed by Microsoft as a way to store motion video on CD - ROM discs .
AVI images have a reduced number of frames per second , which produces an unpleasing image .
B - ISDN ( Broadband - ISDN ) : Starting in 1988 , the CCITT began developing B - ISDN services with rates above 155 Mbits / sec in anticipation of future video and multimedia services .
B - ISDN is an ATM - based cell - switching service .
Back - end database systems may be connected to these Web servers to provide dynamic information .
Back up data regularly or whenever you make major upgrades to software , directory structures , and configurations .
Backbone is the most basic and predominant network topology .
Backbone network : Typically found in office or campus environments in which departments or buildings are interconnected over the backbone cables .
Backbone networks can also be a point of congestion since they handle traffic among all the subnetworks of an organization .
Backbone switches and local area switches provide VLAN configuration functions .
Backbone trunks carry even more channels .
Backed by sponsors such as Apple Computer , bank of America , Dunn &amp; Bradstreet , IBM , Intel , Pacific Bell , and Wells Fargo , commercenet was started in 1994 as a place where businesses with similar needs could pool their resources .
Backend systems loosely refers to servers , superservers , midrange systems , and mainframes that provide services to users .
Background writes : Handles disk writes separately from disk reads so that data is written to disk when disk requests from users have minimized .
BackOffice products make use of the networking support built into the Windows NT Server , including support for popular networks such as Ethernet and token ring , as well as popular protocols such as TCP / IP , IPX , and NetBEUI .
Backup operators are administrative personnel that handle backing up data .
Backup power supplies are critical components for servers , and they may also be appropriate for communication devices if you want to keep communication channels open .
Backups : Backing up data is a necessary requirement .
Backups must be brought to an off - site location , but the backups must be protected from theft or loss during their transit .
BACP ( Bandwidth Allocation Control Protocol ) is an extension to the protocol that defines a way for devices from different vendors to negotiate bandwidth .
BACP ( Bandwidth Allocation Control Protocol ) works in conjunction with PPP Mulilink to provide dynamic channel aggregation .
BACP extends PPP Multilink by providing a way for different vendors ' equipment to negotiate for additional bandwidth .
BACP is a proposed Internet protocol that helps users manage a combination of dialup links , usually over ISDN ( Integrated Services Digital Network ) connections .
BACP provides what is called dial on demand ( or bandwidth on demand ) , a technique for providing additional bandwidth as needed by combining two or more circuits into a single circuit with a higher data throughput rate .
BACP will work in conjunction with the IETF ( Internet Engineering Task Force ) 's PPP Multilink ( Point to Point Protocol Multilink ) .
Balancing of the electrical current that flows between sites to reduce analog ambient line noise .
Balun is a contraction of balanced / un balanced .
Bandwidth and QoS in the Carrier Networks .
Bandwidth is a measure of the difference between the highest and lowest frequencies available in a communication channel .
Bandwidth is cooperatively shared by customers .
Bandwidth is shared by packets / cells / frames ( herein called packets ) from all of the carrier 's customers , and assuming the bandwidth is not overbooked , customers can go over the allotted bandwidth requirements to accommodate surges in traffic at an additional charge from the carrier .
Bandwidth limitations also influence the buying decision .
Bandwidth management protocols are needed to complete the picture .
Bandwidth on Demand Bandwidth Reservation Bonding CircuitSwitching Services DDR ( Dial on Demand Routing ) Inverse Multiplexing ISDN ( Integrated Services Digital Network ) Load Balancing and PPP Multilink .
Bandwidth on demand is a data communication technique for providing additional capacity on a link as necessary to accommodate bursts in data traffic , a videoconference , or other special requirements .
Bandwidth on demand is both economical and practical , it makes sense to use a switched line and only pay for services as they are needed , rather than lease an expensive dedicated line that may go underused part of the time .
Bandwidth reservation can provide a guaranteed level of service , however , governing the bandwidth can be a problem .
Bandwidth reservation is a builtin feature of cellbased ATM networks .
Bandwidth reservation is a way of reserving bandwidth on a channel for special transmissions , usually time sensitive transmissions such as realtime voice and videoconferencing .
Bandwidth reservation is also described as quality of service ( QoS ) or prioritization .
Bandwidths in the 500 to 929 MHz range are allocated to television and radio broadcast , as well as transportation radio ( taxis , for example ) .
Bank employees will need to close each account individually .
Banks and bank branches execute transactions and move money this way on a regular basis .
Banyan has been branching into other areas .
Banyan has marketed StreetTalk on other platforms , including Windows NT Server .
Banyan StreetTalk allows VINES users to quickly find and access all resources , regardless of where they reside in the enterprise .
Banyan VINES is a networking operating system with a UNIX kernel that allows users of popular PC desktop operating systems such as DOS , OS / 2 , Windows , and those for Macintosh systems to share information and resources with each other and with host computing systems .
Banyan 's StreetTalk Directory service is designed to integrate and manage a growing variety of heterogeneous environments including Banyan networks , Windows NT , UNIX , and NetWare .
Base stands for baseband and Broad stands for broadband .
Base stations are connected to one of more than 30 radio network controllers located at various points across the United States via dedicated leased lines .
Baseband is a transmission method in which direct current pulses are applied directly to the cable to transmit digital signals .
Based on Java and uses any ODBC - compliant database to store process information .
Basic - rate ISDN starts out as two 64 - Kbit / sec lines that can be combined to create a 128 - Kbit / sec line .
Basic information such as the processor type , available memory , and disk space information .
Basic rate ISDN consists of two digital circuits for home or business use .
Basic rate ISDN provides two 64 - Kbit / sec circuit - switched channels that can be used for either voice calls or data communications .
Basically , a QoScompliant application will be able to pass a request for a virtual circuit with a specific type of service , bandwidth , and delay characteristics down to an ATM driver that will in turn signal the ATM network to set up the virtual circuit .
Basically , an IP switching device identifies a long flow of packets and switches the flow in layer 2 if possible , thus bypassing routers and improving throughput .
Basically , if the server is busy and cannot handle interrupts , the card buffers incoming packets and then hands them to the server using a single interrupt .
Basically , the class system was developed to provide a range and variety of network addresses and to give different organizations a choice of IP addressing schemes to fit their internal requirements .
Basically , the larger ISPs provide transit services by delivering packets across the national ( or global ) backbones to other networks , but the smaller ISPs cannot provide equal services .
Basically , 33.33 Mbits / sec is transmitted over each of the three pairs .
Basically , a class I hub does a signal translation , if necessary , when repeating those signals between hubs .
Basically , a company takes the two - part IP address it has been assigned and then , for its own internal use , applies a subnet mask that creates a three - part addressing scheme .
Basically , a data link is a wire between two points .
Basically , a server page is compared against a page that a browser has in its cache .
Basically , a single host DNS ( Domain Name System ) name is bound with multiple IP addresses .
Basically , a subnet mask is applied to the IP address that defines which bits in the host portion of the IP address can be used to define a subnet .
Basically , a switch starts out routing packets but can detect packet flows , for which it sets up a VC with another switch as appropriate .
Basically , a tunnel is established across the Internet from the ISP to a corporate site and frames are transmitted through the tunnel .
Basically , a virtual circuit appears to the end systems as a dedicated wire for transmitting information across a communication system .
Basically , a virtual network is a network that exists logically on top of the physical internetwork .
Basically , AFS / DFS provide a way to join dissimilar server and client machines into a global shared information system .
Basically , after the Web server does its job of setting up the user , it gets out of the way .
Basically , an LU in one station uses APPN services to locate a destination LU and set up a session .
Basically , any workstation can connect with any other workstation without going through a router .
Basically , anybody who wants to encrypt and send messages to someone else generates a pair of security keys .
Basically , arp lets a computer ask the question " will the computer with the IP address w . x . y . z send me its MAC address . " .
Basically , com is a combination of the Component Object Model plus OLE that can be used on non - Windows platforms .
Basically , dlsw provides a way for routers to route " unroutable " SNA traffic ( and NetBIOS sessions ) across an internetwork .
Basically , frame relay is the packet - switching component of ISDN that is now sold as a separate service .
Basically , ip packets must be encapsulated into data link layer frames to make the trip across the serial link .
Basically , it provides toll - free ( 800 number ) digital switched services .
Basically , llc provides a common interface and provides reliability and flow control features .
Basically , local carriers are required to discount their local services so other service providers can buy them at competitive rates and rebundle them for resale to customers .
Basically , mpoa moves routing to a special server .
Basically , mptn changes the transport header in a packet to fit an alternate protocol such as TCP / IP .
Basically , nhrp helps avoid all the router hops once a path has been established .
Basically , pnni provides a standard signaling protocol so that multi vendor equipment can exchange topology information .
Basically , S / MIME is designed to secure messages from prying eyes .
Basically , S / WAN creates secure VPNs ( virtual private networks ) .
Basically , serial interfaces support greater distances and high data rates .
Basically , tcp segments are inserted into IP datagrams for delivery across the network .
Basically , the CA approves the certificate and encrypts its contents .
Basically , the router is saying to sender " send your message to me because I know how to get it to destination . " .
Basically , the scheme creates two linked but separate keys for each user .
Basically , the sender appends a bit sequence to every frame called the FCS ( frame check sequence ) .
Basically , the sender can transmit data at any time and the receiver must be ready to accept information when it comes in .
Basically , the switch must make sure that all its VCs do not overwhelm its capacity .
Basically , the U . S . Government has scrapped GOSIP and now prefers TCP / IP over OSI .
Basically , three addressing schemes are derived from the 32 - bit scheme , but all can be used over the Internet .
Basically , Ultra SCSI doubles the transfer rate independent of the bus width .
Basically , usenet automates information exchange and provides an alternative to sending e - mail to everyone that needs to read an article or bulletin .
Basically , wan connections are created over the public Internet rather than over private leased lines or public packet - switched networks .
Basically , you encrypt the message with your private key , not the recipient 's public key .
Basically , zones make it easier for users to find services .
Baud is a measure of signal changes per second in a device such as a modem .
Baud is rarely used to refer to modem speeds because it does not have a relationship to the number of bits transferred per second on highspeed modems .
Bay Networks and Cisco have multiport router devices in which each port has its own processor for routing traffic at rates up to 100,000 packets per second .
Bay Networks is one of the biggest supporters of PNNI and has information on the protocol .
BBN and a group of university based researchers and graduate students eventually worked out many of the details of the network , but BBN was responsible for developing the core packet switching technology that eventually became TCP / IP , the networking protocol for the Internet .
Be careful when enabling automatic compression systems .
Be sure to check the IBM Web page listed at the end of this section for additional information .
BEA Software has developed an interesting middleware component called BEA Jolt that provides Web clients with direct access to BEA 's TUXEDO transaction and messaging engine .
Because 100VG - AnyLAN is not an Ethernet 802.3 standard , it is discussed under its own heading .
Because 10Base - 2 , 10Base - T , and 100Base - T are the most popular topologies , only they are discussed in this section in detail .
Because a connection - oriented service guarantees data delivery , upper layer applications can communicate with one another over a network without any need to know about or monitor the activities of the underlying networks .
Because a domain is an administrative entity that encompasses a collection of computers , those computers might be next to each other or separated by some distance .
Because a fully meshed private network requires a dedicated leased line between each site , operating costs increase with the number of sites and the distance between them .
Because a private network requires a dedicated leased line between each site , operating costs increase with the number of sites and the distance between them .
Because ActiveX Controls work closely with the operating system , they pose a security risk , but Microsoft has countered this problem with its Authenticode code signing security scheme .
Because algorithms are well known , the strength of encryption relies on the key and its length .
Because an organization pays a fixed rate for the lines under contract , the lines are often called leased lines .
Because an organization pays a fixed rate for the lines under contract , the lines are often called leased lines .
Because any request to an Internet server generates a response , the proxy server must allow traffic back in , but it does this by only allowing traffic that is a response to in internal request .
Because ARQ is used most often , it is discussed next .
Because buffering can add delays , the processors must be fast enough to keep up with the incoming data while allocating it efficiently to time slots .
Because CDDI has limited cable distances , a CDDI concentrator can connect to an FDDI ring as a subnetwork .
Because compression algorithms are software - based , overhead exists that can cause problems in real - time environments .
Because data is moved to a hierarchy of devices , these systems are usually called HSM ( hierarchical storage management ) systems .
Because devices are defined in this way , it is possible to direct the output of a command to the devices as if you were storing information in a file .
Because different DBMSs have widely different functions , the ODBC API was designed in a way that lets an application know what functions are available from a particular database 's ODBC driver .
Because directory services are essential to locating services on the network , they must be available at all times .
Because disk encoding is automatically handled by the disk drive at the hardware level , it is of no further importance to this discussion .
Because DR - Web takes a more modest approach to Web - based management , developers can bring products to market more quickly .
Because each VLAN is basically a subnetwork with its own IP address ( assuming that TCP / IP is the internetwork protocol in use ) , then routers are still needed to move packets between VLANs .
Because electromagnetic waves do not necessarily need a material medium for transmission , they are used for a wide range of communication , including communication over a material media such as copper and fiber - optic wire , as well as through air and the vacuum of space .
Because electronic transactions are so easy and inexpensive , internet businesses feel that it 's reasonable to charge a penny , or even less than a penny , every time someone accesses information at a site .
Because factoring large numbers takes more time than factoring small numbers , the bigger the modulus , the more resistant it is to attack .
Because FDDI implements a logical ring in a physical star , you can build hierarchical networks as shown in Figure F - 6 .
Because frame relay itself provides no delivery guarantees , obtaining information about the number of lost packets is critical to evaluating the performance you are getting from your frame - relay connections .
Because HSM files are essentially always online , hsm eliminates the bother associated with retrieving files from conventional data archives .
Because HTML documents support hyperlinking , users can quickly move between document references .
Because infrared light transmissions are susceptible to strong light from windows or other sources , systems that produce stronger beams might be necessary .
Because it provides these features in an object - based environment , it is essentially a transaction - based object request broker .
Because it provides these features in an object - based environment , it is essentially a transaction - based object request broker .
Because LANs are configured within the hub or switch itself , it is not possible with some hubs or switches to bridge a LAN configured in one device with a LAN configured in another device .
Because latency and congestion problems can be more easily dealt with on intranets , intranet users are likely to be the first to establish VoIP networks .
Because NCs are network - dependent devices , they can only operate when the network is up and running .
Because NetWare servers that use binderies still exist in many environments , newer versions of NetWare provide bindery emulation to support them .
Because not every computer requires full bandwidth , multiport hubs are often attached to switch ports so that multiple users can share the bandwidth .
Because object interfaces are exposed in a standard way , objects are interoperable .
Because objects with a common interface are used , adding new objects or updating existing objects is easy .
Because of existing support , developer knowledge , and the pervasiveness of Windows clients , some believe that DCOM is a preferred solution , but CORBA has better multi vendor support and is best for heterogeneous environments .
Because of its pervasiveness , the Internet mail standard is covered in this section .
Because of these differences , check the manufacturer 's specifications for network configuration information .
Because of these factors , the backbone has become the focus of a need for higher and higher data throughput capabilities .
Because of these problems , many backup products now take advantage of server mirroring techniques and magnetic disk storage .
Because of these properties , fiber - optic cable can be bent around corners and can be extended over distances of up to 100 miles .
Because of this , existing e - mail vendors have scrambled to convert their systems as new vendors quickly appeared to provide customers with just what they needed .
Because of this cross - platform capability , administrators can manage other vendors 'directory services from Windows NT Directory Services and reduce administrative workload .
Because of this , 100Base - T fits in well with existing Ethernet installations .
Because of this , a single DHCP server can handle IP addressing for multiple subnets .
Because of this , applications don't have a way to specify QoS .
Because of this , data may arrive out of sequence , be delayed , or get lost .
Because of this , it doesn't need to kick in .
Because PPP framing is used , remote users can access corporate sites using a variety of protocols such as IP , IPX , SNA , and so on .
Because probes collect their own historical information , there is a dramatic reduction in network traffic as compared to SNMP .
Because S / MIME is an extension of MIME , it easily integrates with existing electronic messaging products .
Because such connections are generally considered unsafe , network administrators have been turning to high - end gateway firewalls .
Because the AS / 400 traces its roots back to IBM 's System 36 and System 38 midrange systems ,a wealth of software applications has been maintained for the product ( over 28,000 by IBM estimates ) 
Because the cladding has different light properties than the core , it tends to keep the light within the core .
Because the content is live , the services offered by TCP ( such as acknowledgment and retransmission ) are not necessary and add too much overhead .
Because the documents were created and stored on the server , every Web user had access to the same document .
Because the fax server is shared by many users , it reduces the need to install many individual fax devices throughout a company .
Because the IEEE 802.3 standard has been widely adopted and because it was adopted as an ISO ( International Organization for Standardization ) worldwide standard , it is discussed here .
Because the link between two systems is point to point ( even while transmitting on shared media ) , the bits are always delivered from sender to receiver in order .
Because the modules are located in the server along with the operating system , they are tightly coupled with the operating system and have instant access to services .
Because the NetPC is a response to the NC ( Network Computer ) initiatives , you should refer to " NC ( Network Computer ) Devices " for further reading .
Because the NetPC is a response to the NC ( Network Computer ) initiatives , you should refer to " NC ( Network Computer ) Devices " for further reading .
Because the shell is a replaceable process , there are many variations , such as the Bourne shell , the C shell , and the Korn shell .
Because the systems operate in asynchronous mode , the receiver is not expecting a steady stream of bits .
Because the value changes constantly ( it is a one - time password ) , it cannot be reused by someone who manages to capture it on the line .
Because there are many different ways to connect devices , there are many different data link protocols .
Because they are included in Microsoft Windows , they are easily accessible to users .
Because token ring does not have contention problems like Ethernet , it is deterministic , meaning that it is possible to predict delivery times and delays , which is useful when sending delay - sensitive information such as real - time audio or video .
Because traffic is predictable , it is possible to guarantee that time sensitive information will arrive on time , given that the network has enough capacity to carry it .
Because Windows NT provides a consistent interface , it can also provide a consistent security mechanism to control access , making the Windows NT security system very robust .
BECN ( backward explicit congestion notification ) Warns senders about network congestion .
Before a client can access a server , it must obtain credentials from the AS .
Before a node can transmit on a shared broadcast network , it must first gain access to the medium .
Before actual data transmission begins , special sync characters are transmitted by the sender so the receiver can synchronize itself with the bit stream .
Before any data can be sent , a virtual circuit must be set up .
Before describing the entities , it is helpful to know about the basic operation of Mobile IP .
Before discussing compression algorithms for file storage , you should understand that file compression is different from disk encoding , which is commonly employed by disk drives to pack more digital 1s and 0s onto the physical surface of a disk .
Before dismissing the concept of spare servers as an unjustifiable expense , consider how much a downed server could cost you in dollars and in customer dissatisfaction .
Before expensive hardware is purchased , developers should work closely with users to determine exactly what information is required on staging systems and how it will be used .
Before getting started , take note of the following terminology :
Before NDIS , nic vendors had to create drivers that were configured for each possible configuration into which a NIC might be installed .
Before NNCP , usenet servers used UUCP ( UNIX - to - UNIX Copy Program ) to exchange information .
Before sending the message , you run it through a hash function to create a unique message digest .
Before the breakup of AT &amp; T in the U . S . , long - distance calls were mostly handled by AT &amp; T .
Before you put your server into service , back it up , then try restoring the information to make sure everything works and that you are familiar with the process .
Being able to select the content eliminates the problem of downloading everything from a site .
Below is the start of a bulleted list .
Below this header is the body of the message .
Besides its NetWare products , novell also sells a variety of products that expand the services of NetWare , support global internetworking , and provide groupware and collaborative computing support .
Besides people , data is the most important asset to most organizations .
Besides the base OS and communications features , it includes Internet connection , security services , UNIX services , LAN services , object - oriented technology , DCE ( Distributed Computing Environment ) , multimedia support , and systems management services .
Besides viruses , your systems are also vulnerable to other types of destructive programs that are not classified as viruses .
Bestpath routing information is contained within the packet .
Beta testers receive prerelease copies of a product and participate in mailing list discussions about that product .
Between two buildings in a metropolitan area .
Beyond access to databases , partners may need to be involved interactively using collaborative applications like bulletin boards , chat groups , messaging , and workflow applications .
Beyond the network level , high - level " middleware " products can hide the differences between applications and allow information exchange , messaging , and other cross - platform activities .
Beyond these systems is your private network that must be protected with firewalls .
BGP ( Border Gateway Protocol ) is the primary exterior routing protocol for the Internet .
BGP is an Internet exterior gateway routing protocol for use with TCP / IP .
BGP is used to tell other autonomous networks about the routes on interior networks .
BGP reduces the bandwidth required to exchange routing information because the information is exchanged incrementally rather than by sending the entire database .
Bill Hancock is a security analyst who has been paid to break into companies and systems in order to find their weaknesses .
Billions of bytes of data are " locked up " on computer systems throughout an organization .
Binary 1s mask out the network address to reveal the host address .
Binary data is transmitted over copper cable by applying a voltage at one end and reading it at the other .
Biometric devices : These scan eyes or fingerprints to verify the identity of a user for access to computer systems , data centers , and other facilities .
Bipolar : In this scheme , 1s are represented by positive voltage and 0s by negative voltage .
BISDN , FDDI ( Fiber Distributed Data Interface ) , and SMDS can be transported on SONET networks . SONET is now used as the medium between carriers witching offices and many customer premises sites .
BISDN can provide all these services in an integrated framework that scales up to very high data rates .
BISDN is a CCITT ( now referred to as the ITU ) recommendation that defines data , voice , and video transmission operating in the megabit to gigabit range .
BISDN is a public digital telecommunications network standard that is designed to offer highend multimedia , television , CDquality music , data networking , and other services to business and home users .
BISDN is an effort by the telephone companies to develop a single integrated digital network that can be used for voice , video , and data communications .
BISYNC has largely been replaced by the more powerful SDLC ( Synchronous Data Link Control ) protocol .
BISYNC is a character , or byte oriented , form of communication developed by IBM in the 1960s .
BISYNC is character oriented , meaning that groups of bits ( bytes ) are the main elements of transmission , rather than a stream of bits .
BISYNC provides the rules for the transmission of binary coded data between a terminal and a host computer 's BISYNC port .
BISYNC supports both point to point ( over leased or dialup lines ) and multipoint transmissions .
Bit - level compression locates repeating patterns of bits , and converts them to symbols .
Bit - oriented information in the LAPB frame defines the structure for delivering data and command / response messages between communicating systems .
Bit - oriented synchronous communication is used primarily for the transmission of binary data .
Bits are sent one after another in a serial stream .
Black Box sells a V . Fast Turbo Conditioner .
Block suballocation : Maximizes disk space by allocating partial disk blocks to small files .
Blockmode transmissions divide data into multiple blocks and treat each block as a record .
BNC barrel connectors : BNC barrel connectors are used to join two cable segments together .
BNC cable - connector kits include a center pin , a housing , and a clamp - down sleeve .
BNC cable connectors : BNC connectors must be attached to the ends of all cable segments .
BNC connectors are pushed onto the ends of Tconnectors , then the outer housing is twisted to lock it into place .
BNC connectors are used to connect , extend , or terminate coaxial cable networks such as Ethernet and ARCNET .
BNC T - connectors : A T - connector is attached to the BNC connector on the back of the Ethernet interface card .
BNC terminators : Each cable segment must be terminated at both ends with a 50 - ohm BNC terminator .
Bob could call Alice on the phone , but what if the phone line is tapped ? .
Bob encrypts the message using an encryption key .
Bob is going to the horse races and Alice wants Bob to place $ 300 on Rock - n - Roll , the horse .
Bob now uses the same one - way function that Alice used to calculate a message digest on the contents of the message .
Bonding is a technique of combining data channels to form a higher capacity data channel .
Bonding provides a way to obtain bandwidth on demand without contacting the phone company .
Boot Sector Virus : This type of virus infects the master boot record of a computer by overwriting the original boot code and replacing it with infected boot code .
BOOTP is an Internet protocol that can provide network configuration information to diskless workstations or other workstations if necessary on a local network .
Border nodes exchange information that describes the topology of its routing domain , which is the logical group of nodes that share the same PGID .
Both add support for new data types and functions .
Both are common on the Internet and are also being implemented on corporate intranets .
Both are defined only within the carrier 's packet - switched network .
Both are discussed under separate sections in this book .
Both are implemented as separate DLLs ( dynamic link libraries ) that communicate through the TDI ( Transport Driver Interface ) to transport protocols .
Both are implemented in the Windows environment , although Microsoft is replacing NetBEUI with TCP / IP as the network protocol of choice while still supporting NetBEUI .
Both are trying to get into other businesses , including satellite , cable TV , and wireless services .
Both Authenticode and JAR are proprietary , so the World Wide Web Consortium ( http : / / www . w3.org ) has stepped in to bridge such proprietary methods with its DSig ( Digital Signature Initiative ) , which provides digital signing and authentication for both Java applets and ActiveX Controls .
Both authors and readers can change a style sheet to alter the way information is displayed , without affecting device independence .
Both clients and network administrators view clusters of servers as a single server .
Both CORBA and DCOM have been under development for years .
Both ends of the connection must use the same inverse multiplexing and demultiplexing techniques .
Both Ethernet and token ring define their own frame sizes .
Both hubs are repeaters , but class I hubs provide a way to repeat signals to devices that use different signaling techniques ( 100Base - TX , 100Base - FX , and 100Base - T4 ) , while class II hubs require that all the connected devices use the 100Base - TX signaling technique .
Both Intel and Microsoft are working together to develop the Network PC ( NetPC ) specification .
Both Internet drafts and RFCs are submitted to the IESG ( Internet Engineering Steering Group ) .
Both ISDN and frame relay provide the services and have the potential to replace expensive dedicated leased lines such as T1 lines .
Both may be used as a transmission path or one may be set aside for use as a backup in the event of a break in the primary ring .
Both named pipes and mail slots are written as file systems that share common functionality , such as caches , with other file systems .
Both NetBIOS and Windows Sockets are used in the Windows environment to build distributed network applications .
Both networks can coexist as well .
Both networks retain the same network addressing scheme , and broadcasts on one network will propagate across the bridge if the address of a frame matches the address of a workstation on the other side of the bridge .
Both obtain equal access to the wire .
Both of these protocols sit in the transport layer between applications and the IP ( Internet Protocol ) in the network layer .
Both partners must set up firewalls to protect their own internal systems while letting appropriate traffic flow through .
Both products have been superseded by new products .
Both protocols are still included in NetWare and can coexist on the same internetwork .
Both protocols automate payment negotiations .
Both protocols define how to send datagrams over multiple aggregated lines .
Both protocols do similar things , but SLIP can only carry IP packets , while PPP can carry other protocol packets , including DECnet , IPX ( Internetwork Packet Exchange ) , and AppleTalk , due to the addition of a protocol identifier field .
Both protocols use SMTP ( Simple Mail Transfer Protocol ) .
Both RIP and NLSP can be used on the same internetwork until organizations can make the complete transition to NLSP .
Both RPCs and MOM have advantages and are used for different application requirements .
Both schemes take advantage of local connections to an ISP and the wide area connections provided by the Internet .
Both SNMP and RMON employ agents , more commonly called probes in RMON , which are software processes running on network devices to collect information about network traffic and store it in a local MIB ( management information base ) .
Both SSL and PCT ( private communication technology ) are under scrutiny in the IETF - TLS ( Transport Layer Security ) group .
Both SSL and S - HTTP provide security benefits for electronic commerce , including protection from eavesdroppers and tampering .
Both stations would end up using the cable at the same time .
Both Sue and Joe are on the same company network and so have easy access to a security server where they can store their public keys .
Both support multiple protocols on a single network and multiple network interface cards in a single machine .
Both systems are designed for wireless use .
Both systems are illustrated in Figure D - 2 .
Both systems must agree on the parity method before transmission begins .
Both technologies let organizations move their remote access services to ISPs , but since Cisco is a hardware company , its L2F protocol ended up requiring that hardware at the ISP and corporate site be upgraded to L2F - compatible equipment .
Both the transmitter and the receiver jump frequencies in synchronization during the transmission so a jammer would have difficulty targeting the exact frequency on which the devices are communicating .
Both types of networks provide scaleable transmission rates that are possible on fiber - optic transmission media .
Both types of transmissions are commonly used to connect computer systems over telephone lines or other channels .
Both voice and data can be transported using this scheme , so voice calls over the Internet products should become more popular as these schemes are put into place .
Both Web browsers and Web servers must be SSL - enabled , as is now common .
Branches in the tree represent divisions , departments , or workgroups .
BRI ( Basic Rate ISDN ) : The version of ISDN that is of most interest to consumers because it operates over the existing copper wire local loop to provide digital voice and data channels .
BRI consists of two 64Kbit / sec B channels and one 16Kbit / sec D channel .
BRI is sold as two channels of 64 Kbits / sec each ( called the B channels ) and one 16 - Kbit / sec channel ( called the D channel ) used for signaling , such as call setup .
BRI is the minimal service obtainable for ISDN ( Integrated Services Digital Network ) .
Bridge and router functions : A communication server with these features maintains a dedicated or dial - up link with remote LANs and automatically transfer data packets between the LANs as necessary .
Bridge or router : The bridge or router provides the interface that allows internal servers and networks to use the T1 link as a network extension or interconnection .
Bridges : Provides repeater functions along with selective filtering of traffic to reduce congestion and contention .
Bridges also join networks over different types of links , such as dialup links , fiberoptic links , and even satellite links .
Bridges and routers are set up to direct traffic across the links .
Bridges and routers help control traffic problems .
Bridges and switches forward frames while routers forward datagrams ( packets ) .
Bridges cannot tie together different types of LANs .
Bridges operate in " promiscuous " mode , which means they listen to all traffic on all connected segments .
Bridges operate in the LLC layer of the protocol stack , as shown in Figure D - 8 .
Bridges or routers are set up to direct traffic across the links .
Bridges or routers manage traffic flow between attached subnetworks and the backbone .
Bridges that do source routing use a discovery method to determine the route a packet should take to a device .
Bridges that do source routing use a discovery method to first determine the route a packet should take to a destination .
Bridges use learning techniques to build such tables , but they can also be manually built .
Bridges , in contrast , typically connect two LAN segments into a single logical LAN with the same network address .
Bridging takes place in the data link layer relative to the OSI protocol model as shown in Figure B12 .
Briefly , mpoa is a multilayer switching protocol that combines layer 2 switching and layer 3 routing to gain improved performance .
Broadband modems : These are modems for nontelephone system connections .
Broadband networks also refers to networks that allow multiple transmissions at the same time on different frequencies .
Broadband networks can span larger distances than baseband networks .
Broadband networks can transmit in the multi megabit and gigabit range .
Broadband PCS was auctioned in 10 MHz and 30 MHz blocks .
Broadband transmission distances can be very large .
Broadcast addressing refers to the ability to address a broadcast message to all stations on a network .
Broadcast information appears in a window or icon on your desktop and is dynamically updated as necessary .
Broadcast networking occurs on shared networks such as Ethernet where multiple nodes are attached to the same LAN segment .
Broadcast news technology , also called push , is the latest trend on the Web for delivering information to users .
Broadcasts are contained within each segment , thus traffic meant for one segment does not propagate to other segments .
Broadcasts on one LAN do not propagate across the routers to other LANs , but routers will forward packets that are specifically addressed to devices on other interconnected LANs .
Brouters can bridge multiple protocols and provide routing for some of those protocols . In this sense , a brouter is a device that forwards packets between networks at the network layer and the data link layer in the OSI protocol stack .
Browser - based access is especially attractive to remote and mobile users who make temporary connections to the corporate network .
Browserbased access is especially attractive to remote and mobile users who make temporary connections into the corporate network .
Browsers do most of the work of accessing and displaying the documents , making the process almost transparent to the user .
Brute force attacks are difficult if long keys are used and if the keys consist of mixed numbers and characters in a nonsense pattern .
Buffers are holding data for delivery , and that means delay .
Buffers are used to hold incoming and outgoing data so other activities are not held up by the communication process .
Building a network involves much more than what is discussed here .
Building a switched network with VLANs and shortcut routing is explored under " Network Design and Construction , " with some emphasis on the issue of ATM versus Gigabit Ethernet networking .
Building ATM NetworksATM networks can be classed as private and public .
Buildings are wired so that ground connections can drain electrical charges into the earth and protect people from electric shock .
Bulk cable can also be purchased , but you 'll need to cut the cable and mount BNC connectors on the ends .
Bundled with the inexpensive Connectix QuickCam , CU - SeeMe has established a large user base .
Burst mode greatly reduces the amount of traffic on the network and is essential for improving performance over wide area links .
Burst mode improves performance in the following environments :
Burst mode lets a workstation make one request for a file .
Burst mode technology was added to NetWare in early 1993 to enhance NetWare 's native IPX ( Internetwork Packet Exchange ) protocol for use over wide area links .
BUS ( broadcast and unknown server ) : Because ATM networks are connection - oriented in nature , the broadcast and multicast functions normally present on shared LANs must be emulated .
Bus : A single trunk cable connects each workstation in a daisy - chain topology .
Bus architectures provide predictable performance because every port has a dedicated slot it can use , they are also easy to scale to much larger sizes .
Business - to - business relationships are set up over extranets , extensions over the Internet of one company 's internal network to another company 's internal network .
Business connections can be made over the Internet , private networks , dial - up connections , and e - mail .
Business logic includes the rules , procedures , and operational sequences that provide services to data - processing systems .
Business logic includes the rules , procedures , and operational sequences that provide services to data processing systems .
Business partners should agree on how users are defined , as well as how to define their access levels , the type of software they use , and so on .
Business users may connect into the Internet over leased lines such as T1 lines ( 1.544 Mbits / sec ) or T3 ( 45 Mbits / sec ) lines , depending on the bandwidth requirements .
Businesses can exchange standard EDI format documents or custom format documents .
Businesses that want to set up Web sites may also go through ISPs .
But a true OODBMS goes beyond this .
But an intermediate storage system is needed .
But as the use of personal computers and local area networks grew , many different types of systems began to populate the desktop .
But as users take to the new software , bandwidth requirements will increase .
But at the same time , hardware improvements make RSA more secure .
But ATM has been a long time in coming .
But because online units supply all the power to a computer , that power is always clean and smooth .
But carriers see DSL as a way to provide bandwidth - hungry Internet users with all the speed they need .
But datagrams do not replace frames .
But distributed applications are not limited to client use .
But Fibre Channel makes a better peripheral connection technology , while ATM is better for network backbones , in the WAN environment , or for teleconferencing applications .
But GML is designed to be a universal document language .
But how can a merchant on the Internet or a business partner be sure that your public key is authentic ? .
But how can a merchant on the Internet or a business partner be sure that your public key is authentic ? What if someone forges a message from you , then forges a public key to open that message ? The recipient may not know the message and the key are fake and accept the contents of the message .
But how can you trust that the CA 's certificate is authentic ? That is the purpose of a public - key infrastructure , which creates different levels of trust that can be traced back up to an ultimate authority , such as a government agency or a world organization .
But if components are running on different computers , they need a way to communicate the results of their work or problems that have occurred .
But if many subnetworks are " meshed " into a large internetwork ( i . e . , a campus network or the Internet ) , then packets must be forwarded through multiple routers .
But if the destination is off - line or busy , those packets will be dropped and IP by itself has no way to inform the application that the packets were not delivered .
But if the network is built with an ATM switch , stations can potentially connect to one another over ATM virtual circuits instead of a shared broadcast medium .
But if the political situation was tense , the ruler might prefer to avoid direct contact with visitors .
But if users on other subnets access a server often , it should be moved to the backbone .
But in early 1997 , the FCC opened up 300 MHz of spectrum for unlicensed wireless local area networking .
But in many cases developers will want to trade off rich functionality to support multiple platforms , and for these scenarios Java is a great solution . " In the meantime , it is now possible to let Java applets work outside of the VM in special cases ( i . e . , inhouse applications ) .
But it is not always the case that both parties in a message exchange know and trust each other and have exchanged any keys in advance .
But its early role was critical in defining the structure of the Internet .
But many organizations may have a need to issue their own certificates for internal use .
But Microsoft designed Windows NT to meet the C2 ratings as closely as possible .
But multiple paths are necessary to provide fault tolerance , as shown in Figure B15 .
But network administrators need to be concerned with the way the push technologies use network resources such as network bandwidth , disk space , and the corporate firewall gateway .
But network testing and diagnostics should also be proactive , i . e . , it is extremely useful to have equipment that can monitor the condition of the network and warn you of impending problems .
But other services such as frame relay are much more practical and provide better data rates .
But programs are difficult to write because they must be segmented to run in each node .
But recently , this has changed .
But since switched topologies also reduce contention , network administrators may be compelled to remove routers and create one large , flat , switched network .
But such connections are not always practical or cost effective .
But the assumption is that the computer doing the push has the network address of the recipient .
But the current model of document sharing and dynamic content through back - end database connections is not enough for businesses transactions .
But the transmission power of each cell is limited to the specific area it covers .
But the UNIX and NetWare engineers could not build an operating system that leveraged the best features of both UNIX and NetWare .
But the VM hides the platform specifics from Java applications .
But these competing standards are not interoperable .
But these devices are expensive and may represent the wrong investment if your network strategy is to build switched networks .
But these devices usually don't have all the features of high - end protocol analyzers , such as the ability to display much more sophisticated network information that savvy operators can evaluate to diagnose problems .
But this also locks the customer into proprietary transport mechanisms and message formats .
But this assumes the CA is trusted .
But users needed a better way to get at data , so query languages were developed that let users make requests directly to the database using commands that were supposed to mimic spoken language .
But vendors and the ATM Forum are developing new strategies to allow it .
But voice and video cannot tolerate delays on the network .
But what if the computer is a diskless workstation ? .
But what if the network is attached to another network via a router and you want to transmit to a computer on the other network ? .
But while the storming horde analogy might be appropriate in some cases , the real threat is often the stealthy spy who slips over walls in the dark of night and scales every barrier undetected to reach his target of attack .
Buy ( or rent ) a protocol analyzer that works on ( or has upgrades for ) all the networks you will need to analyze .
By 1972 , demonstrations were taking place in which many terminals were connected to a variety of hosts over various telecommunication links .
By 1985 , the network was congested enough that the NSF ( National Science Foundation ) started evaluating new network designs .
By 1992 , nsf had defined a new architecture that would supersede NSFNET .
By 1996 , most organizations were building or planning to build intranets , which are internal networks that take full advantage of Internet protocols and Web technology to tie together people and information resources .
By 1998 , we will know what DSL can really deliver .
By aligning frames on slots , overlaps in the transmissions are reduced .
By arranging these systems in a hierarchical structure , it is possible to support three different data storage models :
By breaking applications into components , complex software is simplified .
By breaking applications into parts , a modification or upgrade affects only specific components , not the entire program .
By building a large switched network and eliminating routers , you create a flat network topology , as pictured in Figure N - 17 ( c ) .
By consolidating business logic on a shared system , all the rules are grouped onto a single server where they are easier to manage and where applications can more easily access them .
By consolidating business logic on a shared system , all the rules are grouped onto a single server where they are easier to manage and where applications can more easily access them .
By distributing the contents , you also distribute the processing and I / O load .
By distributing the Windows architecture , windows applications can perform at very high speeds over low - bandwidth connections .
By far the best place to find information about doing business on the Internet is at the CommerceNet site ( http : / / www . commerce . net ) .
By far , the most practical way to publish information is with Web technologies .
By installing ODBC - to - DRDA drivers on client systems , users can access data on IBM midrange and mainframe hosts at the record level and manipulate it as necessary with any ODBC - enabled application ( i . e . , windows application ) .
By looking at Figure D - 14 , you can see that clients have access to data stored on the staging systems , although direct access to legacy , operational , or external systems is also possible .
By maintaining traditional PC functionality , it lowers the cost of buying and maintaining Intel - based systems , yet still runs Windows applications .
By maintaining traditional PC functionality , it lowers the cost of buying and maintaining Intel - based systems , yet still runs Windows applications .
By placing a city and ZIP code on an envelope , you can send mail to anyone in the country .
By placing these devices in front of a PBX , you can place and receive Internet calls the same way you make ordinary phone calls , using the phone which is sitting right on your desk . " .
By providing a way for applications on separate systems to communicate without involving a host system , appc forged the way for APPN .
By setting the privileges listed here , owners or administrators can share files with other users :
By shifting the wave in even smaller increments , it is possible to represent even more bit values .
By splitting databases apart , the resulting components can be used in an efficient manner .
By the end of 1995 , it was clear to many in the industry that at least until something better came along , setting up internal Web servers might be a good way to disseminate information throughout an organization .
By the mid - 1990s , the company 's revenues were in the $ 6 billion dollar range and it provided a full range of software and hardware products , including operating systems , high - performance workstations , and network equipment .
By using compression technology from MICOM ( http : / / www . micom . com ) , you can bring this rate down to 8 Kbits / sec , making voice networking a reality on high - data - rate cabling systems .
Byte , or character oriented , protocols use full bytes to represent established control codes such as those defined by the ASCII scheme .
Byte or character oriented protocols use full bytes ( 8 bits ) to represent established control codes such as those defined by ASCII ( American Standard Code for Information Interchange ) .
Byte oriented protocols transmit data as strings of characters .
C / R Command / Response bit related to congestion control .
C represents the hierarchical routing structure of the Internet .
C2 compliance relates to stand - alone system security , rather than network security .
C2 requires that users be logged in and tracked during their session , that resources have owners , that objects ( files , systems resources ) be protected from other processes that might use or corrupt them , that events be audited , and that systems be protected from tampering .
Cable and cable equipment must meet current and future requirements for data transmission , electrical characteristics , and topology .
Cable characteristics , impairments , and other factors related to transmission media are covered further under " Transmission Media , Methods , and Equipment . " .
Cable companies such as Cox Communications will deploy @ Home Network as part of their interactive content for homes and workplaces .
Cable connections require a cable " modem " to connect a computer to the CATV network .
Cable designed for high data rates has the most twists per length of cable . Twisted - Pair Cable .
Cable has a capacitance value that is measured in pF ( picofarads ) per foot .
Cable installers should implement grounding schemes that prevent ground loops , as discussed under " Power and Grounding Problems and Solutions . " .
Cable is normally installed within buildings or through an underground conduit .
Cable providers are working to provide a number of services to their users , including audio and video servers that can serve up music and movies .
Cable runs should not exceed 100 meters .
Cable specifications list the core and cladding diameters as fractional numbers .
Cable testers are also available for fiber - optic cable .
Cable testers are used to certify that a cable installation meets its intended specifications or to verify that the cable is working properly .
Cable testers are used to test or certify the physical cable plant , while network analyzers can provide sophisticated information about protocol packets , traffic conditions , potential sources of bad packets , and other information .
Cable testers can check capacitance values to determine if a cable has kinks or has been stretched .
Cable testing devices include the components for measuring at one end of the cable if it is already installed .
Cable tracing is used to find the path of a cable in a wall or ceiling , or its source and destination .
CableLabs has already created specifications for cable modems that define common signaling , transport , compression , modulation , and encryption .
Cables branch from a central internetwork hub to departmental hubs .
Cables branch from either side of the T to the next stations up or down in the trunk cable .
Cables for internal disk drives are typically flat cables with multiple transmission wires running in parallel .
Cables may be misconfigured , have faulty connectors , or be near some noise source that is distorting signals .
California users can then access the Los Angeles site , thus avoiding extensive router hops over the Internet to reach the New York site .
Call costs are based on duration and distance , with discounts available based on time of day , day of week , and various other options .
Call setup and other signaling takes place on the D channel .
Call setup describes the establishment of a VC ( virtual circuit ) in a connection - oriented network environment .
Callback systems : In this method , the server retains information about what its clients are doing and the files they are caching .
Calls and other transmissions are handed off from one satellite to another in this process .
Calls coming into the organization are automatically directed to an appropriate extension .
Can be combined with System 7 to provide an optimized file server environment that takes advantage of System 7 's multitasking features so administrators can install and run multiple network services such as electronic mail and management software .
Can you obtain usage and performance information from the carrier that will help you optimize your use of the network ? .
CAP uses a single channel and a modulation technique called QAM ( quadrature amplitude modulation ) similar to that used in V.34 ( 28.8 Kbits / sec ) modems .
Capacitance is a measure of the energy that a cable and its insulator can store .
Capacitance is the ability of some material to store a charge .
Capacitance measurements can indicate whether a cable has been stretched or has kinks .
Capacity on the channel is made available for data transmissions when voices switch from cell to cell or when calls are set up and terminated .
CAPI ( Crypto API ) : CAPI is an application programming interface from Microsoft that makes it easier for developers to create applications that contain encryption and digital signatures .
Captured packets can even be resent in what is called a replay attack .
Capturing actual traffic for later delivery is usually impractical .
CAR ( Committed Access Rate ) : The network operator uses CAR to allocate bandwidth commitments and limitations and to handle traffic that exceeds bandwidth allocations .
CAR thresholds are applied based on IP address , port , or application flows .
Carl Ellison 's " Generalized Certificates " paper ( listed below under " Information on the Internet " ) is similar and equally enlightening .
Carrier - based ATM networks provide the same benefits with the added features of QoS ( Quality of Service ) , which is useful for prioritizing network traffic such as real - time audio and video .
Carrier - based packet - switched networks such as frame relay and ATM are designed to handle temporary peaks in traffic .
Carrier sense methods : With this technique , devices listen on the network for transmissions and wait until the line is free before transmitting their own data .
Carrier signals are commonly used in AM , FM , and other radio transmissions to differentiate the signals of each transmitting station .
Carriers and Internet service providers are trying to shake off the bad press about ISDN installation and are going all out to ensure that ADSL is easy to set up .
Carriers and service providers see ATM as an underlying technology for voice trunking and switching .
Carriers are installing fiber - optic cable at a fast pace to meet future demand , and new transmission techniques such as WDM ( wavelength division multiplexing ) are already increasing bandwidth on existing lines .
Carriers assign PVCs to customers to reduce overhead and improve performance on their networks .
Carriers establish virtual circuits for customers through the frame - relay cloud .
Carriers have already made a major switch to ATM switching and are now moving the services into local areas .
Carriers may let customers define SVC " on the fly " or a carrier may set up a number of predefined SVCs for the connections that a customer requires most often .
Carriers own and operate switching systems , transmission facilities such as guided media ( copper wire and fiber - optic cable ) or unguided media spectrum , as well as facilities for maintenance equipment , billing systems , and other internal components .
Carriers predominantly sell the service as connection - oriented virtual circuits between two sites , although switched circuits that provide any - to - any connections are becoming available .
Carriers program virtual circuits into the network that simulate dedicated connections between a company 's sites .
Carriers such as the RBOCs are not restricted to just one LATA .
Carriers will set up PVCs for temporary use , such as a one - time meeting where you need to set up a teleconferencing link .
Cartridges are basically containers for objects and component software that provide access to Oracle databases .
CAs provide digital certificates that are critical in verifying the authenticity of cardholders and others involved in the transactions .
Castanet can also " capture subscriber feedback and provide channel personalization on a subscriber - by - subscriber basis , " according to Marimba .
Castanet provides the framework for distributing applications .
Castanet technology is based on HTTP ( Hypertext Transfer Protocol ) and Java .
Castanet uses a broadcast metaphor in which Web users run a " tuner " that tunes into a particular channel on the Web .
Category 1 : Traditional unshielded twisted - pair telephone cable that is suited for voice .
Category 3 : This category is rated for signals up to 16 MHz and supports 10 - Mbit / sec Ethernet , 4 - Mbit / sec token ring , and 100VG - AnyLAN networks .
Category 3 wiring has been extremely popular , and many sites are already prepared to run 100Base - T4 .
Category 4 : This category is rated for signals up to 20 MHz and is certified to handle 16 - Mbit / sec token ring networks .
Category 5 : This category has four twisted pairs with eight twists per foot and is rated for signals up to 100 MHz , which is adequate to support Fast Ethernet ( which has frequency requirements of 62.5 MHz ) and ATM at 155 Mbits / sec .
Category 5 cable has four pairs of wire .
Category 5 cable has very stringent installation requirements .
Category 5 installations must use Category 5 connectors , patch panels , wall plates , and other components .
Category 6 : This is a four - pair cable in which each pair is wrapped with a foil insulation .
CATV service providers use microwave systems to link their networks .
CCS ( Common Communication Support ) : Defines the interconnection of SAA systems and the protocols used for communications and data exchange .
CD - ROM ( Compact Disc Read - Only Memory ) is an optical data disc that is an adaptation of the audio compact disc .
CD ( collision detection ) defines what happens when two devices sense a clear channel , then attempt to transmit at the same time .
CDDI is a version of FDDI ( Fiber Distributed Data Interface ) designed to run on shielded and unshielded twisted - pair cable .
CDDI is an alternative cabling technology that follows the FDDI standard .
CDE incorporates Motif 2.0 user interface objects spin box , combo box , container , and notebook .
CDE is based on the X Window System Motif desktop and provides a consistent look and feel across UNIX platforms .
CDE is meant to provide a user interface that helps UNIX systems compete with Windows NT .
CDE provides an environment for running a majority of applications based on OSF / Motif .
CDE was first introduced in 1995 as a graphical user interface that provided a consistent user interface to both users and system administrators .
CDMA ( Code Division Multiple Access ) : CDMA uses spread - spectrum techniques in which data bits in each conversation are coded and transmitted simultaneously with other conversations .
CDMA ( Code Division Multiple Access ) : CDMA uses spread spectrum techniques in which data bits in each conversation are coded and transmitted simultaneously with other conversations .
CDMA ( Code Division Multiple Access ) is a digital cellular standard that uses wideband spread spectrum techniques for signal transmission .
CDMA advocates promote the security and privacy that spread spectrum can provide .
CDMA is a digital cellular standard that uses wideband spread spectrum techniques for signal transmission , as opposed to narrow band channel techniques used in conventional analog systems .
CDMA uses spread spectrum technologies .
CDMA uses spread spectrum technologies , which spreads the information contained in a transmission over a very large bandwidth .
CDMA was approved as a digital multiple access technique for cellular telephony by the TIA ( Telecommunications Industry Association ) in 1993 .
CDPD ( Cellular Digital Packet Data ) : Describes how to package data and carry it over existing analog cellular radio systems such as AMPS .
CDPD is a specification that defines how to package data and carry it over existing analog cellular radio systems .
CDPD is based on IBM CellPlan II technology .
CDPD is defined by a consortium of cellular carriers and computer companies , including eight of the nine RBOCs ( regional Bell operating companies ) , McCaw Cellular Communications , Contel Cellular , and GTE Mobilnet .
CDPD provides some interesting benefits over the older AMPS method .
CDPD uses idle channels on the analog cellular system to transmit digital data .
CDPD 's primary claim to fame is that it makes use of idle channels and sends data frames whenever possible .
CDSA ( Common Data Security Architecture ) : CDSA is a security reference standard that provides a way to develop applications that take advantage of software security mechanisms .
CDSA has been accepted by The Open Group for evaluation , and IBM , Intel , and Netscape are refining it .
CDSA information is available at http : / / developer . intel . com / ial / security / cdsa .
Cell - switching networks , namely ATM , provide " fast - packet " switching services that can transmit data at megabit - and potentially gigabit - per - second rates .
Cell relay combined with fast switches and fiber - optic cable are at the core of high - performance , scaleable networks .
Cell relay is really cell switching , but the term relay caught on because it is analogous to frame relay .
Cell relay is the basis of ATM ( Asynchronous Transfer Mode ) .
Cell relay like that implemented in ATM is another type of multiplexing .
Cell switching is efficient and fast .
Cells are 53 - byte packets of data that are transmitted serially across a medium .
Cells are delivered over virtual circuitsin order , an important requirement for real - time audio and video .
Cells are the basic unit of data transport in ATM ( Asynchronous Transfer Mode ) , while frames are the basic unit of data transport in local area networks and frame relay networks .
Cells can be prioritized for isochronous data such as real - time voice and video to guarantee on - time delivery .
Cells can be quickly forwarded through the circuit , with little processing required by intermediate devices along the path .
Cells on the bus can carry a 44 - byte payload .
Cellular circuit - switched networks are preferable for transferring large files or for other lengthy transmissions where a dedicated circuit is more practical and potentially cheaper over time .
Cellular Communication Systems : Discusses the differences between analog and digital cellular systems .
Cellular phone systems consist of mobile units , base stations , and switches .
Cellular radiotelephone systems in the United States began in 1983 and have grown rapidly ever since .
Cellular systems are perfect for building phone systems in developing countries where cabling a telephone infrastructure may be too expensive or difficult .
Cellular systems differ from older radiotelephone systems in that they provide more communication channels for users .
Cellular systems in large metropolitan areas may be overused , so cells are made smaller to service more customers .
Cellular systems provide wireless telephone and data services to mobile users within a specific area ( which is often pictured as a hexagonal cell ) .
Centralize servers for better management , security , and data protection , rather than keep servers in departments .
Centralized administration and control of desktop computers , with the ability to lock down desktop configurations .
Centralized administration features allow administrators to control the operating system remotely .
Centralized management systems can provide network troubleshooting and monitoring .
Centrex is a form of PBX ( private branch exchange ) that is handled by equipment located at the local exchange carrier 's central office .
Centrex is a form of PBX that is located at the telephone company 's central office .
CERFnet has an interesting map of NAPs , and the ISPs connected into those NAPs are mapped at http : / / www . cerf . net / cerfnet / about / interconnects / orig - interconnects . html .
CERN gained importance with regard to networking and the Internet because it is where Tim Berners - Lee and associates created the communication protocols that brought about the World Wide Web .
CERN is the French acronym for the European Laboratory for Particle Physics , which is located in Geneva , Switzerland .
CERN 's proxy server grew over time as it added application - aware proxy support for its HTTP servers ( Web servers ) .
CERT is an Internet security advisory group that tracks security breaches and publishes advisory reports about them .
Certainly , a complete conversion to a single voice / data network is a long way off for many organizations .
Certificates allow more secure logons , message exchange , and transactions .
Certificates are issued by a CA ( certificate authority ) , which is a trusted organization that verifies the credentials of people and puts its stamp of approval on those credentials .
Certificates can even be used in place of credit card numbers for online buying transactions .
Certificates provide a solution , as discussed under " Certificates and Certification Systems . " .
Certificates , token - based systems , and challenge - response techniques can be used .
Certification applies to a particular installation , including hardware , software , and the environment that the system is in .
CGI defines the control tags and fields specifiers to be placed in HTML documents , environment variables in memory where the server places information used by scripts , and the flow of information between client , server , and script .
CGI is a server extension that extends the capabilities of Web servers .
CGI was invented to extend the HTTP protocol .
Change on the Web is relentless , and as this book was being written , the traditional Web browser / Web server model was under attack for its inability to provide an environment for running sophisticated applications .
Changes made in one database must be made as soon as possible in replicas .
Changes must be replicated to all servers where the NDS database is stored .
Channel - attached cluster controller : These controllers are directly attached to the multiplexor channel of the host system .
Channels are allocated to either voice calls , data , or some other source .
CHAP ( Challenge Handshake Authentication Protocol ) is an alternative protocol that avoids sending passwords over the wire by using a challenge / response technique as described under " Challenge / Response Protocol . .
Chapman and Zwicky note that this architecture may be risky because it allows packets to move from the Internet to the internal network , unlike the dual - homed architecture , which blocks all packet movement from the external network to the internal network .
Chapman and Zwicky offer some variations on the designs described in the previous section , along with some warnings .
Character - oriented transmissions are used to send blocks of characters such as those found in ASCII files .
Characters arrive in a continuous stream of bits , so you need a way to separate one block of bits from another .
Charges are based on actual customer usage , as opposed to leased lines in which customers pay a flat rate , even if the line goes unused part of the time .
Charges are based on packets sent , so the overall cost is lower than leased lines .
Charges are based on the number of packets sent and , in some cases , the time connected .
Chat also supports Unicode and ANSI characters for international language support .
Check the listing at the end of this section .
Check the NCSA and CSI Web sites on a regular basis to get late - breaking news about new viruses .
Check with the UPS vendor to make sure this feature is available for the operating systems you have in mind .
Check with the vendors listed in the next section , for more information .
Checking on a block by block basis is called LRC ( longitudinal redundancy checking ) .
Checking on a percharacter basis is called VRC ( vertical redundancy checking ) .
Checks for viruses and looks for Trojan Horse executable programs .
Checksum : Provides an error - checking value to ensure the integrity of the segment .
Choose a number , e , less than n and relatively prime to ( p - 1 ) ( q - 1 ) , which means that e and ( p - 1 ) ( q - 1 ) have no common factors except 1 .
CICS client / server applications are portable across IBM and many non - IBM systems , interoperable across LANs and WANs , scaleable up to thousands of users , and manageable from a single point of control .
CICS is a family of client / server transaction - processing products that enables an organization to exploit applications and data on many different hardware and software platforms .
CICS is normally found in large online networks and provides application compatibility with platforms such as IBM 's AIX , MVS , OS / 2 , OS / 400 , and VSE , as well as non - IBM environments such as Windows NT , HP , Digital , and Sun .
CIDR is an interim solution to the address problem .
CIDR , as defined in RFC 1519 , provides some relief from the addressing problem .
CIF allows an ATM - compliant application to run on a LAN framing protocol and still use the QoS features of ATM .
CIF defines a way to carry ATM traffic on a network segment that uses frames , such as Ethernet .
CIF defines how cells and other information are arranged in the Ethernet frames .
CIF was developed by the Cells in Frames Alliance , a consortium of network hardware and software vendors , internet service providers , and others .
CIFS competes with Sun Microsystem 's Web NFS , a distributed file system that Sun is attempting to integrate directly into Web browsers and other clients .
CIFS complements standard Web protocols such as HTTP ( Hypertext Transfer Protocol ) by providing a more sophisticated file - sharing protocol .
CIFS goes beyond this by allowing groups of users to work together and share documents over the Internet in the same way they share documents when running peer networking services on Windows clients .
CIFS has been submitted by Microsoft to the IETF ( Internet Engineering Task Force ) as a proposed Internet standard .
CIFS is " tuned " to provide optimal performance over dial - up links .
CIFS is a new file system supported by Microsoft and other vendors such as Data General , Digital Equipment Corp . , Intel Corporation , Intergraph , Network Appliance Inc . , and SCO .
CIFS is also widely available on UNIX , VMS , and other platforms .
CIFS is basically an enhanced version of Microsoft 's open , cross - platform SMB ( Server Message Blocks ) protocol , the native file - sharing protocol in the Windows 95 , Windows NT , and OS / 2 operating systems .
CIFS supports fault tolerance and can automatically restore connections and reopen files that were open prior to interruption .
CIFS uses the same multi user read and write operations , locking , and file - sharing semantics that are used on most networks .
CIR is the minimum throughput rate that you negotiate with a service provider , and the provider will usually attempt to guarantee that data rate .
Circuit - based mode in FDDI - II ( discussed next ) creates 16 individual circuits out of the 100 - Mbit / sec FDDI bandwidth .
Circuit - switched networks deliver packets in order and without delays caused by traffic from other customers .
Circuit - switched services provide digital circuits between two points on a temporary basis , giving customers who don't need full - time dedicated services an economical option for obtaining high - speed private lines only when required .
Circuit - switching services include Switched - 56 and ISDN ( Integrated Services Digital Network ) .
Circuit switching ( analog ) : Provides dial - up lines with relatively low throughput for point - to - point connections .
Circuit switching ( digital ) : Provides temporary connections between two points with rapid setup times .
Circuit switching , as opposed to packet switching , sets up a dedicated communication channel between two end systems .
Circuitry in the NT device allocates time for each device to access the line using a contention control scheme .
Circuitry on the switch establishes links as required .
Circuits consist of the PDN 's own private lines or lines leased from major carriers such as AT &amp; T .
Circuits consist of the VAN 's own private lines or lines leased from major carriers such as AT &amp; T .
Circuits in a hierarchical telephone switching system .
CISC ( Complex Instruction Set Computer ) designs include a rich set of microcode that simplifies the creation of programs that run on the processor .
Cisco 's Catalyst 3000 switch has sixteen 10Base - T Ethernet ports and two expansion ports that can support Fast Ethernet ( 100 Mbits / sec ) , ATM , or WAN expansion modules .
Cisco 's goal was to create an operation system that could evolve as the network evolved .
Cisco ( http : / / www . cisco . com ) , for example , has its IOS / 390 TCP / IP intranet software that provides access to mainframes .
Cisco IOS ( Internetwork Operating System ) is a platform for delivering and managing network services .
Cisco IOS is a platform for delivering and managing network services .
Cisco IOS QoS is a set of IOS extensions that provide end - to - end QoS across heterogeneous networks .
Cisco IOS QoS is a set of IOS extensions that provide end - to - end QoS across heterogeneous networks .
Cisco IOS QoS is targeted at ISP and provides them with a way to prioritize traffic on their networks based on the customer , the application , or other factors .
Cisco IOS QoS services are discussed in more detail under " QoS ( Quality of Service ) . " .
Cisco IOS QoS services can provide congestion control ; preferential treatment of higher - priority traffic ; sorting and classifying of packets into traffic classes or service levels ; the ability to commit bandwidth and enforce the commitment ; measurement and metering of traffic for billing / accounting and network performance monitoring ; and resource allocation based on physical port , address , and / or application .
Cisco IOS QoS services then take the RSVP requests and map them into high - priority packets that are tunneled through the ISP backbone to the far - end router where they are converted back to RSVP signals .
Cisco is most famous for its line of routers and switches , but its IOS ( Internetwork Operating System ) is becoming an important industry routing standard that other vendors are incorporating into their own products .
Cisco routers use the CCITT V.25 bis protocol to initiate calls on automatic calling devices .
Cisco Systems is a global provider of internetwork hardware and software solutions for corporate intranets and the global Internet .
Cisco Systems is now the primary supporter of the protocol .
Cisco 's NetFlow algorithms identify long or recurring packet flows between source and destination and establish connection oriented sessions for those flows .
Cisco 's tag switching is being evaluated by the group .
Citrix obtained a license from Microsoft to add this multi user capability to the Windows NT kernel , but the last version of NT that Citrix modified on its own was Windows NT 3.51 .
CIX ( commercial Internet exchange ) An Internet exchange service formed by a consortium of service providers . ( CIX was the first to develop peering arrangements for ISPs ) .
Class A : The first bit set as 1 identifies class A .
Class B : The first 2 bits set as 10 identifies class B .
Class C : The first 3 bits set as 110 identify class C .
Class C addresses allow over 2,000,000 networks with only 254 hosts per network .
Class I hubs allow mixed 100Base - T networks and class II hubs allow only one scheme ( refer to the description in the previous section ) .
Class I hubs allow mixed 100Base - T networks , and class II hubs allow only one scheme ( refer to the description in the previous section ) .
Classical IP over ATM , or IP / ATM , as it is sometimes called , is IETF specification RFC 1577 , meaning that it is an official standard for implementing the IP ( Internet Protocol ) over ATM networks .
Classical IP over ATM : This is defined in RFC 1577 .
Clearly , automated methods are the best .
Clearly , managers have not been anxious to move this information to network servers or other platforms .
CLI ( Call - Level Interface ) : With this approach , programs must call a set of external functions in an API library in order to work with the database .
CLI is normally used when the client and server are on two different systems and the API is located on the client system .
Client - side ability to cache data , thus improving performance , reducing network traffic , and enabling work to continue if the network fails .
Client / server applications use RPCs as an intersystem communication mechanism , as shown in Figure R - 12 .
Client / server applications , on the other hand , rely on state management .
Client / server applications , on the other hand , rely on state management so critical operations can be completed safely .
Client / server cache In a client / server system , large chunks of data are " shipped " to a cache in the client workstation .
Client / Server Computing : The predominant model for designing network operating systems and applications for networks .
Client / server computing helps organizations downsize from mainframes and minicomputers to networks that provide an enterprise wide data communication platform .
Client / server computing is a direct outcome of the trend in the late 1980s and early 1990s that placed powerful computers on desktops that were interconnected with LANs .
Client / server computing is all about applications that take advantage of networks .
Client / server computing splits processing between a frontend system that runs on the client 's workstation , and backend systems .
Client / server defines a relationship between a user 's workstation and a back - end file server , print server , communication server , fax server , or other type of system that provides services .
Client / server LAN protocols are used in network operating systems in which a workstation , acting as a client , makes requests for services from a back - end server .
Client access to shares is cached to improve performance .
Client computers run redirector software that sends requests for network service to a designated network server .
Client is often used in a loose way to refer to a computer on the network .
Client operating system support and support for remote dial - up users .
Client queries take the form of operations for adding , deleting , and modifying directory entries , or querying the directory database for information based on specific criteria .
Client software periodically " checks in " with a publishing server to see if new information is available in the areas that the user has subscribed to .
Client support is available for Windows and Macintosh users .
Client workstations handle the presentation of data and interact with users while the server performs the workhorse operations such as sorting , indexing , and delivering data to users .
Clients ( typically remote dial - up users ) connect with the POP server to access their e - mail .
Clients access server processes running on other network - connected computers .
Clients can boot from and be authenticated by network servers and access files on NFS ( Network File System ) servers .
Clients check the expiration time in callback promises to ensure that they are current .
Clients communicate with the application server using a variety of protocols ( such as HTTP or RPCs ) .
Clients connect to a central server where messages are delivered and picked up .
Clients do not need to know the location of a database , the type of database , or the communication method used to access it .
Clients interact with clusters of servers as if they are a single system .
Clients require special software since they set their own priorities .
Clients running TN3270 software can connect to TN3270 servers running on host systems such as IBM mainframes and access those systems as if they were using an IBM 3270 terminal .
Clients support features like file and object attachments ( objects may be sound , video , text , or other data ) , address book management , and information exchange with other services like CompuServe and the Internet .
Clients use LANE to resolve addresses within the same VLAN and use MPOA for inter - VLAN addressing .
CLNP exists in the network layer of the OSI protocol stack .
CLNP is the equivalent of the IP ( Internet Protocol ) for OSI networks , with the primary difference being the size of the address .
CLNP 's address size is 20 bytes , as compared to IP 's 4 bytes , so it is much more appropriate for addressing on networks the size of the Internet .
Closely related to this routing hierarchy is the DNS ( Domain Name System ) , which links names to IP addresses .
CLP ( Cell Loss Priority ) : Defines how to drop certain cells if network congestion occurs .
Cluster ( workgroup ) connections for high - speed workstations .
Cluster addressing is a new feature with Internet Protocol version 6 .
Cluster software also provides load balancing among the processors to ensure that processing is distributed in a way that optimizes the system .
Clustercomputing in DFS allows administrators to run process orintensive jobs across a network with portions of the processing task running on different computers .
Clustered servers may access the same disk systems , which may be mirrored or in a RAID configuration .
Clustered systems protect against the loss of any one system .
Clustering : A cluster is a group of servers that share access to the same resources and service clients equally .
Clustering Data Migration Data Protection Disaster Recovery Fault Management Fault Tolerance Mirroring Power and Grounding Problems and Solutions Replication Storage Management Systems and Storage Systems .
Clustering in DFS also allows files to be stored on a collection of smaller , lower cost machines as opposed to one big server .
Clustering is a fault - tolerant server technology that is more scaleable than are duplexed server technologies .
Clustering is a fault - tolerant server technology that provides availability and scalability .
Clustering techniques provide fault tolerance for entire servers by duplexing an entire data system over one or more servers .
Clustering technology can provide better performance than large symmetric multiprocessing servers because multiple systems provide better I / O for a large number of network clients .
CMC is a cross - platform messaging API released by the X.400 API Association based on work done by Microsoft with its Simple MAPI ( Messaging Application Programming Interface ) .
CMC is widely accepted , which ensures that a variety of applications include a method for integrating common messaging functions .
CMC provides a basic set of services , including send , receive , and address lookup capabilities .
CMIP is an OSI model that defines how to create a common network management system .
CMIS provides a way to share management information in the CMIP environment .
CNN ( composite network node ) : A CNN provides seamless communications between an SNA subarea and APPN .
Coaxial cable : This cable consists of a solid copper core surrounded by an insulator , a combination shield and ground wire , and an outer protective jacket .
Coaxial cable also supports longer distances than twisted - pair cable , but hierarchical cabling schemes are now commonly used to construct twisted - pair networks .
Coaxial cable can be cabled over longer distances ( 186 meters for 10Base2 Ethernet ) than twisted - pair cable ( about 100 meters ) , but because twisted - pair now offers higher data rates and is easier and cheaper to install , it is now favored over coaxial cable .
Coaxial cable consists of a solid copper core surrounded by an insulator , a combination shield and ground wire , and an outer protective jacket , as pictured in Figure C - 12 .
Coaxial cable has been its primary transmission media , although twisted pair wire is now used in most new installations .
Coaxial cable is most likely a dead - end cabling scheme for large office environments .
Coaxial cable requires termination at each end of the cable and a single ground connection .
Code signing provides a way to verify to users that programs obtained from the Internet are legitimate , just as shrink wrap and sealed boxes imply that off - the - shelf packaged software is authentic .
Code signing schemes include Microsoft 's Authenticode , JavaSoft 's JAR ( Java Archive ) , and IBM 's Cryptolopes .
Code signing solves one of the larger questions facing the software industry today : How can users trust program code that is published on the Internet ? .
Codes : This field contains the following bit codes , which serve as flags to indicate specific conditions :
Codes within the data , such as tabs or special graphics sequences , are interpreted .
Coding HTML files is so easy that you can create one right now on your computer using a simple text editor and a little knowledge of HTML coding .
Collaborative applications such as calendaring / scheduling tools , group editing , and workflow software .
Collaborative applications such as Microsoft NetMeeting and NetShow demand more network bandwidth .
Collaborative computing allows users to work together on documents and projects , usually in real time , by taking advantage of underlying network communication systems .
Collabra Server employs a standards - based NNTP ( Network News Transport Protocol ) and it allows discussions to be opened to any NNTP - compliant client on the Internet .
Collisions may occur , reducing network performance .
Color information is also encoded , and some is discarded if a system is incapable of using it .
COM ( Component Object Model ) is a Microsoft specification that defines the interaction between objects in the Windows environment .
Combining IP with ATM requires merging IP routes into ATM virtual circuits .
Combining voice and data on the same network links to remote offices can be very economical .
Commands and data are sent across two different connections .
Commands are sent by the primary station , and responses are sent by the secondary station .
Commands in the UNIX environment such as l ( list ) , t ( catalog ) , and the ftp utility display file permissions in a format similar to the following : rw - r - - r - - 1 Tom Research 1009 Nov 11 1996 stars . gif drwxrwxr - x 2 DC Research 512 Sep 16 02 : 03 stats .
CommerceNet focuses on connectivity , data transfer , secure transactions , data transfer , payment services , marketing , collaboration techniques and tools , computer - aided logistics support , public policy , electronic directories and catalogs , Internet EDI , and network services .
CommerceNet has been instrumental in the development of Internet security tools and financial transaction techniques .
CommerceNet is working with a number of EDI vendors and VeriSign to provide secure EDI transactions .
CommerceNet was instrumental in the development of S - HTTP ( Secure Hypertext Transfer Protocol ) , a secure version of HTTP that allows clients and servers to exchange encrypted information .
Committee T1 is a U . S . organization concerned with public network standards in the United States .
Common application services : Includes ODBC ( Open Database Connectivity ) , MAPI ( Messaging API ) , and TAPI ( Telephony API ) , all of which are covered under qq separate headings in this book .
Common ATM QoS parameters include peak cell rate ( maximum rate in cells per second required to deliver the user data ) , minimum cell rate ( minimum acceptable cell rate that the ATM network must provide ; if the network cannot provide this rate , the circuit request is rejected ) , cell loss ratio ( cell loss that is acceptable ) , cell transfer delay ( delay that is acceptable ) , and cell error ratio ( cell error rate that is acceptable ) .
Common carriers are companies in the United States that provide public communication services .
Common control features include the following :
Common distributed networks have resources and users at many locations .
Common Facilities : Is also an end - user interface .
Common file systems are briefly described here .
Common hardware solutions are to split up shared networks using bridges and routers or to improve the data rate by installing faster network equipment .
Common Internet applications in the application layer include Telnet , FTP ( File Transfer Protocol ) , NFS ( Network File System ) , SMTP ( Simple Mail Transport Protocol ) , and DNS ( Domain Name System ) .
Common ISP connections are pictured in Figure I - 20 .
Common management console functions include network topology mapping , event trapping with alarms , traffic monitoring , network diagnostic functions , report generators , historical record management , and trend analysis .
Common PU types are listed here :
Communicating with the same peer protocol layer running in the opposite computer .
Communication controllers are also referred to as FEPs ( front - end processors ) and attach directly to the host systems .
Communication controllers establish communication sessions , manage and control the flow of data , poll cluster controllers to see if they have data to transmit , buffer incoming and outgoing data , perform error control , and provide routing functions to get data to its destination .
Communication controllers establish sessions , manage communication links , detect and correct errors , and provide concentration points for cluster controllers .
Communication controllers now include LAN links .
Communication facilities employed by the IXCs include fiber - optic cable , ground - based microwave towers , and satellite - based microwave systems .
Communication in the LAN and WAN environments requires the transmission of signals through some medium .
Communication is the key to competitiveness and applications such as email , document sharing , groupware , discussion groups , workflow software , and other applications are surely essential to help people communicate .
Communication protocols are responsible for establishing and maintaining communication sessions .
Communication protocols are the rules and procedures that networked systems use to communicate on a transmission medium .
Communication protocols can be compared to the diplomatic protocols used by foreign embassies .
Communication servers may provide one or more of the following functions :
Communication service providers or carriers provide telephone and data communication services in the local and long - distance environment .
Communication Services : Describes the technologies and services for building wide area networks .
Communication services : These services include Windows SNA API ( provides open access to existing IBM SNA APIs ) , Windows Sockets API ( provides programs with an interface to networking protocols ) , and Microsoft RPC ( Remote Procedure Call ) .
Communicator : A client software suite for browsing the Web and intranets and for communicating and collaborating with others .
Communicator includes Netscape Navigator 4.0 along with a variety of other components including Messenger , Composer , Conference , and Collabra , a groupware client from Collabra Software .
Communicator is Netscape 's ( http : / / www . netscape . com ) newest client software suite for browsing the Web and intranets and for communicating and collaborating with others .
Companies bidding on 1 MHz blocks are involved in wireless messaging or paging , such as SkyTel , with its two - way paging , and PageNet , with its VoiceNow mobile answering machine .
Companies can also build VPNs over the Internet , which are basically encrypted tunnels through the Internet for delivering packets from one site to another .
Companies can also set up fax information services .
Companies can create discussion forums and open those forums to partners and customers .
Companies can now conduct business with other companies in cases where only EDI - type business transactions were possible in the past .
Companies can offer the same services to their remote users by setting up Web sites that can only be accessed by employees .
Companies can set up internal push servers to deliver the latest company news or , more importantly , to provide automatic software updates for corporate client / server programs .
Companies have used X.25 in place of dial - up or leased - line circuits as a way to set up links to remote offices or remote users .
Companies involved in server PBXs include AltiGen , Dash , NetPhone , and NexPath .
Companies involved in this business are listed here .
Companies running mission - critical applications often create mirrored sites .
Companies such as Cisco Systems have improved this connection scheme .
Companies such as MICOM Communications ( http : / / www . micom . com ) have enhanced voice compression , making it more feasible to transport it over frame relay .
Companies that connect electronic commerce systems to the Internet have been concerned about the security of their internal networks .
Companies that meet eTRUST privacy and security guidelines will be able to display eTRUST logos on their Web pages .
Companies that want to connect their internal networks to the Internet can request an IP network number that represents their entire network .
Compare baseband to broadband transmission , in which radio signals from multiple channels are modulated onto separate " carrier " frequencies , and in which the bandwidth is subdivided into separate communication channels , each of which occupies a specific frequency range .
Compare the difference between a component program that runs in a single computer and one that is distributed over a network .
Compare this to baseband networks such as Ethernet in which only one transmission is allowed on the medium .
Compare this to the traditional voice compression standard G.724 , which compresses to 32 Kbits / sec .
Compared to a pipe , a named pipe is a communication process between two remote computer systems that are attached to a network .
Compared to port configuration methods , this method provides true VLAN capabilities because membership in a VLAN is not directly tied to a specific port .
Competing schemes include IP Switching from Ipsilon Corporation and Tag Switching from Cisco .
Competing services include cellular services such as GTE Mobilnet and similar offerings from the RBOCs ( regional Bell operating companies ) .
Competing standards include Novell 's NetWare Global Messaging and SMF ( Standard Message Format ) and Microsoft 's MAPI ( Messaging Application Programming Interface ) .
Competition was also allowed in local markets , and about 1,200 independent LECs ( local exchange carriers ) now exist to compete with the RBOCs .
Complete development environments exist which provide many of the features described above , in addition to authentication and authorization services , distribution and management services , directory services , and time services .
Complete information on QPSX and DQDB from the Australian point of view can be found at the University of Sydney Web site listed later .
Complex components can be combined to create complete applications .
Component applications are created with object - oriented programming techniques and provide a way to break down complex applications into small components that are easily replaceable and upgradeable .
Component software and distributed object computing provide a new paradigm for developing interoperable applications using languages such as Java and ActiveX .
Component software is revolutionizing the Web .
Component software technology breaks large and complex applications into smaller software modules called components or objects .
Component technology enables multitiered environments in which applications are broken up into different services that run on different computers .
Components also make building business solutions easier because components can be reused if necessary .
Components are basically business logic put into objects .
Components are downloaded and a connection - oriented session is initiated .
Components are usually deployed in distributed computing environments .
Components can be distributed across the intranet or Internet with IIOP acting as the glue that ties them together .
Components can be downloaded from Web sites to expand the functionality of Web browsers or provide a user with a whole new interface for accessing information at a Web site .
Components can be mixed and matched as needed .
Components can interact with one another over networks , thus the new paradigm is called distributed object computing .
Components help users interact with any system by hiding the differences between them and by providing unique functions .
Components include a shopping interface called Internet Shopper , an order - capturing system , a processing and routing system , and merchandising tools .
Compound Documents : Methods for storing objects in documents that act like containers .
Compression can nearly double these numbers .
Compression has become critical in the move to combine voice and data networks .
Compression helps as well .
Compression helps to conserve bandwidth when IPX packets travel over low - speed WAN links .
Compression is also important for new collaborative applications such as videoconferencing , where the amount of data and the amount of available bandwidth must be carefully juggled .
Compression is performed as a background process that has minimal effect on server performance .
Compression provides a way to improve throughput on wide area links .
Compression reduces the amount of multimedia information that must be transmitted over network links .
Compression techniques can boost data rates in many cases .
CompuServe Information Services offers access points in hundreds of locations throughout the United States for X.25 and frame relay services .
CompuServe Information Services offers access points in hundreds of locations throughout the United States with a variety of VAN services .
Computer : An object that holds information about computers on the network , along with serial numbers , node addresses , and locations .
Computer buses provide burst mode transfers in which an adapter can control the bus to send multiple blocks of data .
Computer data can be transmitted over RFs ( radio frequencies ) in cases where wires are impractical .
Computers can exchange data in the form of NetBIOS requests or in the form of an SMB ( Server Message Blocks ) .
Concert InternetPlus , a joint effort by MCI and British Telecom , combines the existing Internet networks of the two companies into regional " super hubs " around the world .
Concurrency controls are required to arbitrate multi user access to files .
Concurrent execution provides a way for a server program to " spawn " a thread of execution for each request that arrives .
Concurrent writes : This method allows multiple users to both read and write a file simultaneously .
Configuration is done in software and , in some cases , a computer can belong to two or more VLANs .
Configuration management also deals with issues like password management , printing configurations , and user or group management .
Configuration management covers a wide range of network administration topics .
Configuring a large number of addresses may lead to errors that are that difficult to track down and may cause errors in communication on the network .
Congestion and Flow Control in Switches .
Congestion control : This control involves congested networks where cells are being dropped . Basically , stations sending low priority traffic are asked to back off so higher priority ( real time ) traffic can get through .
Congestion handling and bandwidth allocation are then managed for each class based on extended ACLs .
Congestion is a major problem for real - time traffic such as audio and video .
Congestion is common on WAN links and Internet connections , where the data rate is usually much less than it is on the local network .
Connect 2 operates as a host and handles all the processing for the remote user .
Connect 2 supports asynchronous communication , ISDN ( Integrated Services Digital Network ) , and X.25 connections .
Connect 2 supports both remote node and remote control connections .
Connect and disconnect workstations based on the time or day of the week .
Connecting two separate networks is usually an easy task .
Connecting two systems with a wire doesn't mean they will communicate .
Connection - oriented : Requires a session connection ( analogous to a phone call ) be established before any data can be sent .
Connection - oriented and connectionless sessions are discussed under " Connection - Oriented and Connectionless Services . " .
Connection - oriented data link protocols are usually unnecessary on reliable networks .
Connection - oriented features are implemented by carrier services because they provide easy billing and better allocation of network bandwidth .
Connection - oriented services set up virtual links between end systems through a network as shown in Figure C - 17 .
Connection - oriented sessions require a setup phase , a take - down phase , and a lot of monitoring , which generates a lot of excess and unnecessary traffic for some data transmissions .
Connection - oriented SVCs ( switched virtual circuits ) are also possible , but many carriers do not offer them at this point .
Connection restrictions : Connection restrictions can limit the number of stations a user can log in to simultaneously .
Connectionless IP datagram services are not necessarily a good fit over ATM connection - oriented networks , so a number of schemes have been cooked up to resolve the problem .
Connectionless protocols like IP are ideal for bursty data transmissions like those common on LANs .
Connections are established using a three - way handshake mechanism , which takes place as follows :
Connections are made only when needed for file transfers , e - mail connections , and remote users sessions .
Connections between remote bridges are made over analog lines using modems or over digital leased lines .
Connections between systems are not always possible , but many client / server applications require such connections .
Connections into Windows NT RASs ( Remote Access Servers ) can support encrypted sessions .
Connections last only as long as necessary and are taken down when complete .
Connectivity among components running in the same system is provided by Windows interprocess communication capabilities .
Conner Peripherals ( now owned by Seagate Technology ) upgraded the format , and potentially saved it from death , by creating a new format called Travan QIC .
Consequently , the MBone exists as a set of mrouters connected by tunnels that overlay the Internet .
Consider a multilane freeway that is reduced down to a single lane due to road construction .
Consider a situation where funds are to be transferred between two bank accounts .
Consider one cabling system that supports both voice , video , and data instead of maintaining separate telephone lines , data trunks , and video feeds .
Consider the amount of time you would need to replace servers and restore backups .
Consider the difference between documents created in Microsoft Word and WordPerfect .
Consider the differences between IP routing and ATM or frame relay switching .
Consider the last time you visited any Web site .
Consider the redundant topology of this network .
Consider what happens when a company reorganizes , or the company is highly workgroup oriented .
Consider what happens when you tune in a radio station .
Consistency : Consistency is basically a requirement that databases move from one state to another in coordination .
Constellation : Netscape 's cross - platform Internet desktop that includes netcasting ( push ) technologies , remote desktops ( which allow users to access personal desktops no matter where they log on ) , and universal access to native file systems .
Constellation allows users to receive " netcasted " information ( see " Push " ) from Web or intranet sites and manipulate it in a number of ways .
Constellation is designed to operate on 17 different operating systems , including Microsoft Windows .
Consumer voice - grade modems : Most off - the - shelf modems are designed to allow PC users to communicate over the voice phone system .
Consumer voice - grade modems for computers are available in internal or external models , or in the PC Card format for portable computers .
Container objects are branches in the directory that hold other container objects or leaf objects .
Container objects are part of a directory services structure such as NetWare Directory Services , a feature in Novell NetWare 4.x .
Container objects hold other objects , including other containers , and so form branches in a hierarchical directory tree used to organize the user accounts and resources of an organization .
Container objects usually represent the divisions or departments of a company and contain the user accounts and resources belonging to the division or department .
Container objects , which hold other objects .
Content - Description : This is another optional that can be used to describe a body part .
Content - ID : This is an optional field that uniquely identifies a body part for reference elsewhere .
Content - Transfer - Encoding : This indicates the encoding method used on the body part .
Content - Type : This header indicates the type of data as described in Table M - 1 .
Content may include the latest news , weather , stock quotes , or software updates .
Contention is most often associated with CSMA networks such as Ethernet .
Contention occurs on shared - media networks in which multiple workstations vie to have access to the medium .
Contention occurs when two or more devices attempt to use the channel at the same time .
Contention occurs when two or more workstations attempt access at the same time .
Continuity testing can determine whether a cable , either on the roll or installed , will conduct electricity as specified by the manufacturer from one end to the other .
Continuous monitoring and the collection of statistics on workstations , traffic conditions , and usage so potential faults can be forecast and avoided .
Continuous operation provides services to users , even during backup .
Contracts with service providers are negotiated for PVCs and / or SVCs , depending on needs .
Contrast this with digital signals , which use discrete high and low voltage levels to represent the 1s and 0s of the digital transmission .
Control information is embedded in the frame and is referred to as the overhead .
Control signals are communicated through the channel to set up and terminate virtual calls .
Controlled writes : In this method , multiple users can open a file , but only one user can write changes .
Conventional analog systems use narrow band transmission techniques .
Cooperative processing occurs in distributed computing systems in which two or more computers share the processing of a program or computational task .
Cooperative processing requires sophisticated programs that can share workloads , data files , and memory contents over the network while maintaining synchronization , security , and accuracy of information .
Coordinating these transactions is even more critical because of the unpredictable nature of the Internet .
Copper cable is a relatively inexpensive , well - understood technology .
Copper cable is subject to attenuation , capacitance , delay distortion , and noise .
Copper cable , on the other hand , is subject to problems with attenuation , capacitance , and crosstalk .
Copper cables have capacitance that can distort signals by storing some of the energy of a previous signal bit .
Copper wire radiates energy that can be monitored .
CORBA ( Common Object Request Broker Architecture ) and RMI ( Remote Method Invocation ) are designed for network communications , as discussed later .
CORBA ( Common Object Request Broker Architecture ) and the IIOP ( Internet Inter - ORB Protocol ) are examples , and are they discussed under separate headings in this book .
CORBA ( Common Object Request Broker Architecture ) is part of OMG 's OMA ( Object Management Architecture ) .
CORBA ( Common Object Request Broker Architecture ) is the basic messaging technology specification defined by the OMG ( Object Management Group ) in its OMA ( Object Management Architecture ) .
CORBA competes with Microsoft 's DCOM ( Distributed Component Object Model ) and ActiveX technology .
CORBA follows this model .
CORBA has been implemented by a number of companies and is becoming an important standard for implementing distributed applications on the Internet .
CORBA IDL can connect a variety of non - Java components .
CORBA in Relation to DCOM and the Internet .
CORBA interface and object interaction .
CORBA is a distributed object technology defined by the OMG ( Object Management Group ) in its OMA ( Object Management Architecture ) specification .
CORBA is at the heart of most vendors ' object request brokers , corba is defined and controlled by the OMG at http : / / www . omg . org .
CORBA is based on the OMG 's Object Management Architecture , as discussed next .
CORBA is basically for all non - Windows environments , and while its acceptance has been slow , interest has surged recently because of its potential for use on the Internet and in the intranet environment .
CORBA is cross platform and allows components written for different operating systems and environments to work together .
CORBA is the outcome of its work .
CORBA Object Interface and Operation .
Cost of the route , which is a metric defined by an administrator , usually based on the transmission medium .
Costly to deploy to the desktop .
Costs are around 10 cents per foot , plenum cable costs about 40 cents per foot .
Country container : An organizational unit that specifies which country a branch of the tree is located in .
Cox is an equity partner in At Home Corporation , along with Comcast Corporation and Tele - Communications .
CPE equipment includes PBXs ( private branch exchanges ) , telephones , key systems , facsimile products , modems , voice processing equipment , and video communication equipment .
CPE is the privately owned telecommunication equipment at an organization 's site that is attached to the telecommunication network .
CPI - C ( Common Programming Interface for Communications ) is part of the IBM Open Blueprint .
CPI - C is designed to provide a common environment for the execution of applications across IBM platforms , such as IBM MVS ( Multiple Virtual Storage ) , VS ( Virtual Storage ) , OS / 400 , and OS / 2 - based systems .
CPI - C is the current preferred method for interfacing to LU 6.2 .
CPI - C provides an interface to LU 6.2 ( logical unit 6.2 ) services .
CPI ( Common Programming Interface ) : Provides a common environment across the SAA platforms for executing programs .
CPI provides a common environment for the execution of programs on different IBM platforms , and the C version provides the LU 6.2 communication interface .
CPIC : CPI is a set of APIs that provide a common environment for the execution of programs on different IBM platforms .
CPIC is the current preferred method .
Cray was one of the original supercomputer manufacturers , but demand for supercomputer 's waned in the late 1980s and early 1990s .
CRC ( cyclic redundancy checksum ) : This field holds a value calculated on the packet by the sender .
Create : The right to create new files and subdirectories in the directory .
Create a complete backup to these tapes every Friday .
Create a flexible regulatory framework to keep pace with technological and market changes .
Create a network platform with underlying standards that allows multi vendor hardware and software products to work together .
Create education programs and post regular bulletins about virus problems .
Create operating systems and applications that support multiple standards .
Creating permanent ARP cache entries can speed performance to heavily used IP resources such as local servers and the default gateway .
Credit card numbers are never transmitted over the Internet .
Credit card transactions are approved over dial - up or dedicated lines .
Critical operations must be monitored to ensure their completion .
CRL 's LAPs allow regional customers to establish frame relay PVC ( permanent virtual circuit ) connections to all other LAP participants .
Crossbar switch : These switches have been around for a long time .
CrossCommerce also support CORBA and IIOP ( Internet Inter - ORB Protocol ) , which provide distributed component technology .
CrossCommerce components are described here :
CrossCommerce implements open standards such as EDI INT ( provides a way to use existing EDI technology over the Internet ) , x12 and EDIFACT ( EDI - structured document standards ) .
Crossplatform ActiveX support has been developed for Macintosh by Metrowerks ( http : / / www . metrowerks . com ) and for the UNIX environment by Bristol Technologies ( http : / / www . bristol . com ) and Mainsoft ( http : / / www . mainsoft . com ) .
Cross Route Software ( http : / / www . crossroute . com ) has developed software that automates business - to - business transactions and processes .
Crosstalk is noise emanating from the signals transmitted on adjacent wire pairs .
Crossware : : Netscape 's vision for on - demand cross - platform applications based on Internet standards , Java , and JavaScript .
Cryptanalysis has to do with analyzing a cryptosystem .
Cryptanalysts are often paid for what they do .
Cryptographic systems provide a way to transmit information across an untrusted communication system without disclosing the content of the information to someone monitoring the line .
Cryptographic systems provide confidentiality and can also provide proof that a transmission has or has not been altered .
Cryptography is concerned with keeping information , usually sensitive information , private .
CSMA / CD ( carrier sense multiple access / collision detection ) : Carrier sensing implies that network nodes listen for a carrier tone on the cable and send information when other devices are not transmitting .
CSMA / CD ( carrier sense multiple access / collision detection ) : This is a random access method that is used in Ethernet .
CSMA is a network access method used on shared network topologies such as Ethernet to control access to the network .
CSU / DSU ( channel service unit / data service unit ) : The CSU / DSU is the actual connection point for the T1 wires .
CSUs and DSUs are actually two separate devices , but they are used in conjunction and often combined into the same box .
CTI ( Computer - Telephony Integration ) : Covers the integration of telephones and computers into the same box and over the same networks .
CTI is all about integrating telephones and computers .
CU - SeeMe is a relatively inexpensive videoconferencing solution from White Pines Software ( http : / / www . cu - seeme . com ) .
CU - SeeMe is compatible with video codec and audio standards on both Windows and Macintosh systems .
CU - SeeMe is the software behind a number of videoconferencing systems .
CU - SeeMe uses a unique protocol developed specifically for TCP / IP networks and the Internet to manage , receive , and rebroadcast video and audio data .
CUA ( Common User Access ) : Defines how information is presented to the user using an interface that is common over different platforms .
Current and future processor designs seem to favor RISC over CISC .
Current detail data ( typically operational data ) is the most recent data .
Current freeway systems provide no guarantees that you will arrive at your destination on time , nor do they provide priority levels for special traffic , such as emergency vehicles or people who might be willing to pay more for an uncongested lane .
Current standards or works in progress are outlined here :
Current trends in cable and cable installation favor the integration of multimedia ( voice and video ) and data on the same infrastructure .
Currently , a number of other network operating systems , including Windows NT , include IPX protocol stacks to provide interoperability with NetWare and NetWare - compatible applications and devices .
Currently , most organizations have separate cables for telephone and data services , but with new high - data - rate cabling and network technologies , and the ability to compress a voice telephone conversation to 8 Kbits / sec , there is little reason not to integrate these two services on the same network .
Currently , the IEEE 802.14 Working Group is chartered to specify the physical layer and data link layer protocols for the CATV Data Network , but the group is not addressing how IPv4 and IPv6 will be mapped onto the network .
Currently , the MBone exists on top of the physical Internet as a virtual network because many of the routers on the Internet do not support IP multicasting .
Currently , DCE ( Distributed Computing Environment ) is supported with DCE - CIOP ( DCE Common Inter - ORB Protocol ) , which binds DCE to TCP .
Currently , digital lines are made possible by " conditioning " normal lines with special equipment to handle higher data rates .
Currently , mci is one of the largest global Internet backbone operators .
Currently , the Internet consists of " islands " of mrouters with urouters in between , as shown in Figure M - 6 .
Currently , the Internet 's SNMP is the most popular protocol for managing systems .
Currently , the twisted - pair variety of Ethernet is the most popular .
Currently , the voice calls an organization makes on its frame - relay connections are usually to its own remote sites .
Custom built or off the shelf client server applications may run on application servers as well .
Customer applications set class of service assignments in packets by changing bits in the Type - of - Service field in the IP header .
Customer premises equipment is now available to support SVCs as well .
Customer tracking numbers are also maintained for this purpose .
Customers can build a logical private network through the SMDS network , if necessary .
Customers can change the endpoints of the link to accommodate changing business needs , such as an office move or the addition of a new remote office .
Customers can connect to ARDIS either through dedicated leased lines to one of the hubs or through a VAN ( value added network ) .
Customers can contract for various types of services , depending on their anticipated bandwidth needs .
Customers can extend their LANs over SMDS networks .
Customers can go over this rate , but additional charges are applied and the traffic may be delayed .
Customers can place items in a shopping basket and defer purchases until later .
Customers contract for a specific CIR ( committed information rate ) , and that CIR can be exceeded for an additional charge if network bandwidth is available .
Customers contract with carriers for virtual circuits that have a specific data rate , called the CIR ( committed information rate ) .
Customers enter credit card information once , when they first use their card .
Customers maintain equipment ( sometimes called a customer network interface unit , orcniu ) at their own premises and connect with a MAN service provider over leased - line links that match the data requirements .
Customers only need a TCP / IP - compatible system with an Ethernet adapter and an ADSL modem to obtain Internet access .
Customers pay the monthly rate whether the bandwidth is used or not .
Customers set up one line into the LEC 's SMDS network , rather than setting up lines between all the sites that need interconnection .
Customers using public - switched data services have two service options , as described next .
Customers who don't need the full T1 bandwidth can opt for fractional T1 , which provides digital services in increments of 64 Kbits / sec .
CyberCash uses the wallet concept .
CyberCash 's Digital NewsStand is a technology that lets digital publishers allow access to visitors who are willing to pay for the content they want to see .
D - series distribution armored cable has 156 fibers and is designed to be " rodent - proof " in direct - burial environments .
D then forwards the packet to D3 .
DAC ( dual attached concentrator ) : Connected to both rings and provides a connection point for stations .
DARPA funded most of the basic research for the TCP / IP protocol suite and the Internet in the early 1970s .
DARPA had already funded UC Berkeley to integrate TCP / IP into its UNIX version , and the integrated product that was created became a commercial success and helped make TCP / IP the internetworking standard of choice in the United States .
DARPA is an extension of the Department of Defense assigned to fund basic research .
DARPA was interested in interlinking the many different computer systems that were spread out across the country as part of the nation 's research and development effort .
DARPA 's goal was to create a set of nonproprietary communications protocols that would make it easy to connect many different computers together .
DAS ( dual attached station ) : Connected to both rings , such as a critical server and other pieces of equipment .
DAT cassettes are 2.9 x 2.1 x 0.4 inches in size with a tape width of 4 mm .
Data - grade cable should have an impedance value of 100 ohms at the frequency used to transmit data .
Data - sharing services provide end users with capabilities built upon the development tools to easily access information .
Data : A variable - length field that holds the messages or data from applications .
Data arrives on one port , crosses the data bus , and exits on a destination port .
Data at higher layers in the protocol stack is handled in packets , which is a generic term that refers to blocks of information that are handled in a communication session .
Data can be de - migrated back to magnetic disk if users need to view historical information or files that have been migrated .
Data can be transmitted over this link by using a cellular modem in the same way that modems are used to transport data over conventional phone lines .
Data can burst up to this rate and still get through the network , but bursts higher than the CBIR are likely to be dropped by the carrier in favor of other traffic if the network gets busy .
Data can then be transmitted on the circuit .
Data cartridges allow developers to extend Oracle database servers with user - defined data types like text , image , spatial geometry , and time series for a new generation of Web - based applications .
Data comes from data warehouses and OLTP ( online transaction processing ) database systems .
Data Communication Concepts : The basics of how devices communicate with networks and other links .
Data Communication Magazine ( http : / / www . datacomm . com ) created a hypothetical network that fully linked sites in Los Angeles , Houston , and Boston to come up with the numbers shown in Table V - 1 .
Data communications is all about transmitting information from one device to another .
Data compression squeezes data so it requires less disk space for storage and less bandwidth on a data transmission channel .
Data corruption : Electrical disturbances may corrupt memory or data transmissions .
Data encryption and the translation of other character sets are also handled in this layer .
Data from the low - speed terminal lines is transferred over a high - speed line using a multiplexing method or a contention method .
Data is divided over the lines at one end and recombined at the other end .
Data is divided up into 274 - bit units , compressed and encrypted , and placed into blocks that total 420 bits after overhead is added .
Data is framed so it can be transmitted one frame at a time .
Data is interpreted as records and FTAM provides the virtual file store capabilities that store record - oriented structured files .
Data is not located in one server , but in many servers , and these servers might be at geographically diverse areas , connected by WAN links into enterprise networks that join the many formerly autonomous computer systems in workgroups , departments , branches , and divisions of an organization .
Data is packaged into frames for transmission on the LAN .
Data is placed in longitudinal tracks and can accommodate multiple recording and playback heads .
Data is safe and secure in one location .
Data is simultaneously written to two entirely different computer systems that are usually in separate locations to protect against natural disasters such as earthquakes and floods .
Data is stored close to servers that work on that data , minimizing the amount of information sent over the network .
Data is stored in separate fully redundant arrays that any server can access .
Data is transferred on 32 of the wires at 25 Mbits / sec each , providing a total throughput of 800 Mbits / sec .
Data is transmitted in fixed - length cells .
Data is transmitted on one wire and received on another .
Data is written across all drives , which improves performance and protects data .
Data is written evenly across the drives by using a technique called striping .
Data is written to both systems simultaneously , and they are interconnected with fast data links to ensure synchronization .
Data link level addresses , which are typically the hardwired addresses on NICs ( network interface cards ) only work on the local LAN .
Data link protocols directly control physical layer communication .
Data links are handled by the SDLC ( Synchronous Data Link Control ) protocol , the BISYNC ( Binary Synchronous Communications ) protocol , Token Ring , and more recently , Ethernet , Frame Relay , and FDDI ( Fiber Distributed Data Interface ) .
Data management includes these areas :
Data management is concerned with the distribution of data to users and the protection of that data from loss such as fire , theft , or unauthorized access .
Data mart or staging systems : This is the place where selected data from back - end systems is stored for access by clients .
Data may be replicated by directories , by database , or by replicating an entire server .
Data migration is an archiving process that moves little - used or unused files to a secondary storage system , such as magnetic tape or optical disk .
Data moves directly into memory , then to an output port , so a backplane bus is not required .
Data must be synchronized between the client and server to ensure consistency .
Data packets arrive from the customer 's network at the FRAD .
Data processing and transmission systems use a variety of techniques to detect and correct errors that occur , usually for any of the following reasons :
Data providers access data from native stores such as DBMSs , spreadsheets , and flat files .
Data rate is related to higher frequency ranges .
Data rate or capacity is a better way to refer to the amount of data that can pass through a system .
Data rates are typically in the range of 2 Mbits / sec , but newer products operate in the 10 - Mbit / sec range .
Data sources include everything from Oracle relational databases to Microsoft Excel spreadsheet data files .
Data streams constitute the whiteboard sessions and control information .
Data striping can occur at the bit level or sector level .
Data that must be available at all sites can be replicated to those sites from a master site .
Data traffic between sites is relatively continuous during the day , so one option is to set up dedicated leased lines among the offices .
Data transfer rate : This is the amount of data transfer divided by the access time .
Data transfer rates are a measure of the amount of digital information that can be transmitted through a channel per second .
Data transfer rates are also referred to as throughput rates .
Data transmission can then begin .
Data transmission equipment is any equipment that transmits data from one system to another .
Data transmission rates are limited .
Data transmissions take place on B channels .
Data travels in frames and packets that include header information .
Data types include integer values , network addresses , counters , gauges , time ticks , and table information .
Data warehousing : Data warehousing uses data summarization techniques to make large volumes of data available in a form that is easily accessible to data clients .
Data warehousing defines strategies for making this data more accessible .
Data warehousing is another area where data compression is important .
Data warehousing provides a way to make specific data available at intermediate workgroup servers while maintaining control of the data .
Data warehousing schemes implement a multitier model in which data from back - end servers and legacy mainframe systems is extracted , summarized , cleaned up , and consolidated onto " staging " systems where users can more easily access the information .
Data warehousing systems compress files for long - term storage and uncompress the files if they need to be brought back online .
Data written at other angles has a weaker signal with respect to the head .
Database management systems execute transactions using statements in languages such as SQL .
Database middleware : A layer of software that lets clients access database systems from a variety of operating systems or applications .
Database middleware products are designed to provide a middle layer of software that hides the differences among databases .
Database replication and data warehousing in the client / server environment .
Database servers and Web servers are centrally located , rather than departmentally located , so the majority of network traffic flows to the same place .
Database systems have traditionally been tied to a specific front - end interface that did not work with just any client - side application .
Database vendors have introduced so - called universal databases to deal with this .
Databases are replicated to other locations ( i . e . , mirrored sites ) so that users at those locations can access data locally , rather than use an expensive WAN link to access centralized data at corporate headquarters .
Databases may reside on network servers that are connected with different network protocols , including TCP / IP , IPX / SPX ( Internet Packet Exchange / Sequenced Packet Exchange ) , and NetBEUI ( NetBIOS Extended User Interface ) .
Datagram services are connectionless services because no prior agreement is made between the sender and receiver to watch over or manage the delivery of datagrams .
Datagrams are encapsulated and delivered across a tunnel from the home network to the foreign network .
Datagrams are encapsulated into frames .
Datagrams are in turn divided up and put into frames for transmission on a particular LAN .
Datagrams are packets of information that carry data between a source and a destination using connectionless methods .
Datagrams can be transmitted directly through the VC without any delays associated with routing .
Datagrams should not be confused with frames .
Datamation magazine recently quoted the following figures in " Are Mainframes Cool Again ? " ( http : / / www . datamation . com , April , 1997 ) :
DATs use the DDS ( Digital Data Storage ) storage format , which writes data sequentially and can append new data to existing data .
DB2 is a relational DBMS ( database management system ) from IBM , it first appeared on IBM mainframes and has had a long life of service .
DBMS ( database management system ) : A database is a file that contains records with information in fields .
DBMS independence allows users to access any database management system from their client application .
DBMSs ( database management systems ) that support advanced features such as partitioning and replication to provide the distribution of data and ensure the availability , reliability , and protection of that data .
DBMSs typically use different IPC ( interprocess communication ) mechanisms to transport the messages just described .
DC ( Don't Compress ) prevents a file , or the files , in a directory from being automatically compressed .
DCE devices are just the opposite  pin 3 transmits and pin 2 receives .
DCE equipment is typically a modem or other type of communication device .
DCE is a key component in the implementation of distributed object - oriented technologies .
DCE is a suite of " enabling " software services that allow organizations to distribute processing and data across the enterprise .
DCE is the product of the OSF ( Open Software Foundation ) , which merged with X / Open Company Ltd . in February 1996 to form The Open Group .
DCE 's security service provides the network with three conventional services : authentication , authorization , and user account management .
DCOM ( Distributed COM ) provides similar functionality over networks , allowing users or developers to integrate components in one system with a component in another system .
DCOM ( Distributed Component Object Model ) : An ORB - like facility that allows components ( primarily Windows components ) to communicate across networks .
DCOM ( Distributed Component Object Model ) is the network version of COM that allows objects running in different computers attached to a network to interact .
DCOM is a Microsoft object model that goes back as far as DDE ( Dynamic Data Exchange ) , which was a messaging system used to exchange information among Windows programs .
DCOM is a Windows - based object technology .
DCOM is also language neutral , meaning that components can be written in a variety of languages .
DCOM is also part of The Open Group 's DCE technology .
DCOM is COM extended over the network .
DCOM is now ActiveX .
DCOM is the version of COM that works over networks and is the basis of Microsoft 's ActiveX technology .
DCOM works with TCP / IP , the Java language , and HTTP ( Hypertext Transfer Protocol ) .
DCOM 's strength is its roots in the Windows environment , the fact that thousands of programmers are already familiar with the technology , and that many existing applications can take advantage of it with little or no change .
DDE evolved into OLE ( Object Linking and Embedding ) , a method of embedding links to objects within programs and documents .
DDE is an interprocess mechanism for exchanging messages between processes running in a computer .
DDP is a routing protocol developed by Apple Computer for its AppleTalk networks .
DDR is a feature of routers from Cisco and other vendors .
DDR provides a way to link two sites over a public network and provide needed bandwidth by setting up additional lines as required .
DDR provides an alternative to leased lines , assuming your network can handle the brief pause that occurs while the dial - on - demand connection is made .
DDS - 2 is an enhancement that basically doubles the data storage density .
DDS - 3 is the latest enhancement that provides up to 12GB of storage and backward compatibility with previous formats .
DDS provides a single naming model throughout the distributed environment so users can identify resources such as servers , files , disks , and print queues by name and without the need to know their location in the network .
DE - Light reduces the amount of code required in the client by moving it to an intermediate system that executes the transactions for the client .
De - migration times for tapes are approximately 1 to 3 minutes , and de - migration times for optical disks are about 8 to 10 seconds .
DE ( discard eligibility ) Indicates whether frames can be discarded if the network is congested .
DEC is best known for its minicomputer systems , which provided departments within companies with their own affordable computers so those departments didn't need to rely on a single , all - powerful information systems department .
DECnet defines communication networks over Ethernet local area networks , FDDI ( Fiber Distributed Data Interface ) metropolitan area networks , and wide area networks that use private or public data transmission facilities .
DECnet is built around DNA ( Digital Network Architecture ) and provides a way for multiple computers to link and share resources .
DECnet is Digital Equipment Corporation 's name for the set of hardware and software products that implement the DNA ( Digital Network Architecture ) .
DECnet was first announced in 1977 along with the introduction of the DEC VAX 11 / 780 .
DECnet was originally designed for parallel interfaces that connected nearby systems within about 30 feet of one another .
Decreasing the cable length and / or lowering the transmission frequency can solve the problem .
DEC 's line of Alpha processors is used in desktop and server systems and runs a variety of operating systems , including Windows NT .
Dedicated analog circuit : Similar to the dial - up line , except that a dedicated analog circuit is always connected .
Dedicated circuits , created across a telephone network , are usually leased on a contract basis , requiring modems at each end .
Dedicated digital circuit : A digital line that is always connected , such as T1 , T3 , or Fractional T1 .
Dedicated leased lines are installed between each site  a costly proposition , especially if the sites are far from each other , because the cost of leased lines increases with distance .
Dedicated leased lines may be the only solution in such cases .
Dedicated line : Provides a permanent connection between two points on a leased , month - to - month basis , usually with an initial setup charge .
Dedicated lines are best when traffic is constant and service is required on an immediate basis .
Dedicated lines can provide high throughput but can be expensive since the price increases with distance .
Dedicated server operating systems like NetWare and Windows NT are required , which provide more advanced security attributes and require user logon and authentication before any type of file access .
Dedicated servers are recommended in busy network environments .
Deferred printing and faxing : Mobile users often leave their printers behind , but Windows 95 lets users submit documents for printing even when they are on the road .
Defined media , topology , termination and connection points , and administration .
Defines protocols for providing interfaces between clients and back - end databases .
Defining a virtual circuit defines the path that packets will take though the network and relieves routers of the need to make routing decisions for each packet .
Delay is a measure of the amount of time it takes for a bit of data to travel across a transmission line .
Delay is a primary reason for limiting the maximum length of a cable on a shared LAN .
Delay may be a factor , depending on how you measure a system .
Delay may be caused by properties of the transmission medium , or it may be caused by bottlenecks in the data delivery process .
Delay skew is not a problem on networks that transmit on a single pair .
Delays can be a serious problem with some network traffic , such as SNA ( Systems Network Architecture ) .
Delays caused by contention are lowered by reducing the number of workstations on the LAN .
Delays caused by traffic congestion .
Delivering real - time multimedia over intranets is becoming more common as network bandwidth increases .
Delivery can be guaranteed to provide assurance that a message will make it to the destination .
Demand priority access method : This is a " round - robin " polling access method used in the Ethernet 100VG - AnyLAN ( IEEE 802 ) networking scheme .
Demand priority is an access method designed for use with the 100 - Mbit / sec Ethernet standard called 100VG - AnyLAN .
Demand priority takes advantage of structured wiring systems and a hub - centric approach to network design .
Demodulation is the reverse modulation process .
Dense mode operates like DVMRP .
Department - level managers usually made decisions about what type of computers and networks they wanted to install .
Departmental switches are connected to enterprise switches so the entire organization is essentially interconnected .
Depending on the antenna height and surrounding terrain , each site provides a coverage radius of 15 to 20 miles .
Depending on the operating system and / or applications , tasks can be split up and simultaneously handled by multiple processors .
Depending on the type of cable already installed , some sites may be able to connect new 100Base - T systems directly into existing cables .
DES ( Data Encryption Standard ) is a common secret - key encryption method .
DES became an official U . S . government standard for data encryption in 1977 .
DES has been exposed to many years of evaluation and " attack " and is considered safe .
DES is a block cipher because it takes the plaintext and divides it up into blocks that are processed individually in multiple rounds .
DES is a private - key cryptographic technique that uses an algorithm to encrypt data in 64 - bit blocks using a 56 - bit key .
DES is a private - key symmetrical cryptosystem , meaning that both sender and receiver must know the same key .
DES is a symmetrical ( single - key ) cryptographic scheme .
DES was developed by IBM in the 1970s .
Designate only trusted people as backup operators , and make sure their rights are limited to only those files and directories they need to back up .
Designers of communication systems take all of these factors into consideration when designing network systems such as Ethernet , token ring , FDDI ( Fiber Distributed Data Interface ) , and others .
Desktop computer systems run applications that access other systems on networks or across preestablished links .
Desktop management helps network administrators monitor and manage client workstations on a network from a central location .
Desktop management software to remotely manage client systems and control desktops .
Despite a number of technological issues still to be worked out , the potential of real - time voice transmission over the Internet is being widely recognized .
Despite the impact of new technologies that are changing the way content is delivered , browsers can also work with other , older Internet services such as e - mail , FTP , and Gopher .
Destination address : Contains the address of the station that is to receive the frame .
Destination address : The IP address of the host to receive the datagram .
Destination and Source : These fields hold the address of where the frame came from and where it is supposed to go .
Destination MTA sends message to UA .
Destination network The network address of the destination network .
Destination node MAC address of the destination node .
Destination socket Address of the process running in the destination node .
Detecting and correcting errors is discussed under " Error Detection and Correction . " .
Developers can build components with the idea of reusing them in other applications .
Developers can edit documents that appear as they will in a user 's browser .
Developers interested in this technology should visit the Active Group at http : / / www . activex . org on the Web .
Developers of mobile computing devices are also involved .
Developers only need to ensure that applets run in the VM .
Developers that create programs for multitasking operating systems can design processes that can be split up into threads and processed at the same time .
Developers that write applications for JavaOS can also run those applications on Java - enabled browsers and operating systems .
Developers use ActiveX to take advantage of these technologies .
Developers write applets that run on any system that has a Java - enabled operating system .
Developers write applications that interface with the middleware layer rather than recreating the functions that the middleware layer can provide .
Developing countries are skipping wired systems altogether and building wireless systems at a rapid rate .
Development on the TCP was started in 1973 by Bob Kahn , then with DARPA , and Vinton Cerf , then at Stanford University .
Devices along the circuit are programmed with a circuit number so that when packets arrive , the switch knows exactly how to forward them without the need to examine the packet header in detail .
Devices are connected to a transmission medium with an adapter that generates signals for transmitting data over some medium .
Devices are daisy - chained together and connected to a single port .
Devices attached to AppleTalk networks dynamically assign themselves an address when first attached .
Devices attached to the network cable listen ( carrier sense ) before transmitting .
Devices can be configured in daisy - chain fashion or connected to switch boxes in a star configuration .
Devices can be connected without shutting down the rest of the system .
Devices like printers and other peripherals are objects , as are processes and threads , shared memory segments , and access rights .
Devices on the network perform tasks and operations that network administrators want to monitor .
Devices operating at this level are digital PBXs ( private branch exchanges ) and computer bridging devices .
Devices such as displays and printers have device names that are handled in the same way as files .
Devices that take advantage of IrDA standards include PCs , PC adapters , printers , notebook computers , PDAs , and certain LAN access devices .
DFS ( Distributed File System ) : DCE DFS is a version of AFS .
DFS ( Distributed File System ) : Microsoft Windows NT 4.0 includes Microsoft 's new hierarchical distributed file system . Windows NT DFS is a true distributed file system that lets administrators create custom hierarchical trees that group file resources from anywhere in the organization .
DFS can also hold HTML links so if linked pages are moved to a different physical location , all links pointing to the pages will not have to be reconfigured .
DFS competes with Sun Microsystems ' NFS ( Network File System ) in some environments .
DFS fits into an organization 's Internet and intranet strategy .
DFS interoperates with the NFS ( Network File System ) from Sun Microsystems .
DFS is a version of the AFS ( Andrew File System ) that is included with The Open Group 's DCE ( Distributed Computing Environment ) .
DFS is derived from the AFS ( Andrew File System ) , and it is built on the components discussed above .
DFS simplifies enterprise backups .
DHCP automatically assigns an IP address that is appropriate for the subnetwork to which the workstation attaches .
DHCP automatically manages IP addresses and eliminates errors that might disrupt communication .
DHCP centralizes IP address management on central computers that run the DHCP server program .
DHCP is a boon to network administrators .
DHCP is an Internet protocol that has its roots in the bootstrap protocol , or BOOTP , which is used to configure diskless workstations .
DHCP is designed to help reduce configuration time for TCP / IP networks by automatically assigning IP addresses to clients when they log on .
DHCP leases addresses for a period of time which means that addresses are made available to assign to other systems .
DHCP servers broadcast offer messages over the network .
DHCP takes advantage of the messaging protocol and configuration techniques that are already defined for BOOTP , including the ability to assign IP addresses .
DI ( Delete Inhibit ) prevents a user from deleting a file or directory .
Dial - back systems : Authorized remote users who dial in to a system are disconnected and then called back to verify that they are calling from a predefined phone number .
Dial - up lines are appropriate for occasional transmissions such as e - mail .
Dial - up lines are inexpensive and charges are incurred only during connection time and are based on distance .
Dial - up lines provide any - to - any connections .
Dial - up or dedicated lines are used to connect with a PDN at access points that are available in most metropolitan areas .
Dial - up services allow users to dial a number local to them and access remote servers over the Internet in a secure way while reducing long - distance charges .
Dial - up telephone connection : A temporary connection over analog telephone lines requiring modems at both ends .
Dial - up users running NetBIOS , TCP / IP , or IPX protocols can connect with an office network running OS / 2 Warp Server or to the Internet .
Dialogs can indicate where to restart the transmission of data if a connection is temporarily lost , or where to end one data set and start a new one .
DID requires compatible fax boards , which can be more costly , but the price for the service from the phone company is relatively cheap .
Differences in file size usually indicate an infection .
Differences in operating systems , hardware , or protocols complicate this .
Different volumes are usually created to store different types of files .
Digital - to - analog conversion is called mo dulation and analog - to - digital conversion is called dem odulation thus , the name modems .
Digital 1 can be represented by a high voltage on the line , while digital 0 can be represented by a low voltage .
Digital certificates are required for this type of transaction so companies receiving business document can prove their authenticity .
Digital certificates are required for this type of transaction so companies receiving business documents can prove their authenticity .
Digital certificates are required for this type of transaction so companies receiving business documents can prove their authenticity .
Digital certificates are required in this scheme .
Digital circuits are conditioned lines that can provide higher data transmission rates than analog lines .
Digital circuits can provide data transmission speeds up to 45 Mbits / sec .
Digital Equipment Corporation , usually called DEC , was founded in 1957 in Maynard , massachusetts by Kenneth Olsen .
Digital IX information is at http : / / www . ix . digital . com .
Digital makes a number of Ethernet products , they are described under " DEC ( Digital Equipment Corporation ) . " .
Digital music requires extremely high sampling rates ( 44,100 samples / sec ) , but voice sampling is usually acceptable at 11,000 samples / sec or higher .
Digital phones may be single - line or multiline phones .
Digital signal refers to the rate and format of digital telecommunication circuits .
Digital signals are transmitted over media by representing the binary digits as electrical pulses in which each pulse is a signal element .
Digital signals must be converted by a modem to analog signals for transmission across the local loop .
Digital signature technology and publickey schemes can verify the authenticity of the code and assure you that it has not been tampered with in transit .
Digital signatures and certificates : Provide enhanced authentication for logon and for message verification .
Digital signatures and timestamps are critical to doing business over computer communication systems .
Digital signatures are the equivalent of a handwritten signature , but also much more .
Digital systems use a specific transport mechanism to move information between the mobile user and the base station .
Digital systems use a specific transport mechanism to move information between the mobile user and the base station .
Digital technology translates to efficient use of the radio frequency spectrums , making such services as messaging , caller ID , and voice mail possible on the same portable wireless device .
Digital UNIX is Digital Equipment Corporation 's implementation of the OSF 's OSF / 1 R1.0 , R1.1 , and R1.2 technology , and the Motif graphical user interface and programming environment .
Digital 's Alpha architecture avoids bias toward any particular operating system or programming language .
Digitizing is the process of converting any kind of information to digital information ( 1s and 0s ) .
Diplomats follow established diplomatic procedures based on the ranks they occupy .
Diplomats have rank , and diplomats at each rank perform some service for higher - ranking diplomats .
Diplomats of various rank handle different types of negotiations .
Direction for future design of telecommunication products for commercial enterprises .
Directly attached FDDI stations act like repeaters .
Directories and files on NTFS partitions can be compressed to obtain as much as a 50 percent reduction in the size of a text file or a 40 percent reduction in the size of an executable file .
Directories are like containers that can hold other directories ( subdirectories ) or files .
Directories have attributes that are usually " inherited " by all the files and subdirectories of the directory ; however , attributes can be changed for individual files and directories in most cases .
Directory Server implements advanced LDAP support and tools for writing directory - enabled apps .
Directory service information is typically stored in a directory database that can be partitioned and replicated to other locations .
Directory services allow administrators to group files and file storage systems in a hierarchical tree under branches that make sense to people .
Directory services also include the following features :
Directory services can also be used over the Internet .
Directory Services events , such as changes in passwords , security , and logon restrictions .
Directory services provide a way to locate users and resources throughout a distributed computing system that spans an entire enterprise .
Directory services to make it easier for people to locate e - mail addresses .
DISA is a not - for - profit organization that supports the development and use of electronic data interchange standards in electronic commerce .
Disasters are occurrences that disrupt data communications and a user 's access to data .
Discussion databases and chat rooms that let people actively post and exchange messages on an ongoing basis , using the message thread approach .
Discussion groups are based on the exchange of news articles , bulletins , and messages .
Discussions about protecting networks usually focus on threats from the Internet , but internal users are also a threat .
Discussions can be opened to any NNTP - compliant client .
Disk - based file systems store files on magnetic media , CD - ROMs , and other media .
Disk cache A disk cache is located in a computer 's RAM memory .
Disk encoding is discussed briefly here , followed by a more expanded discussion of file compression .
Disk mirroring and duplexing : Mirroring and duplexing provide protection against disk failure in servers .
Disk mirroring and duplexing are features that write data to two disks simultaneously .
Disk Mirroring is a realtime strategy that writes data to two or more disks at the same time .
Disk space restrictions : Disk space restrictions help administrators control how much disk space users can use .
Diskless workstations and NCs don't have disk drives , so users can't download valuable company data or upload information that might contain viruses or clutter the server 's disk .
Diskless workstations are a consideration for use by temporary employees or installation in unsupervised areas .
Diskless workstations need to obtain a boot image from a disk on the network because they do not have their own disks from which to obtain this information .
Disks are formatted into sectors and sectors are grouped into clusters of from 4 to 32 sectors at the user 's discretion .
Disks must be retired after a certain number of changes due to limitations in the writable material .
Displaying , analyzing , and discovering the information and using it for business decision making .
Distance - vector routing protocols base their routing decisions on the number of hops or some predefined cost to a destination .
Distance limitations in the twisted - pair versions of 100Base - T are more limited than the original 10Base - T to ensure proper timing for data transmissions at higher speeds .
Distortion due to inductance and capacitance .
Distortion results when packets containing the speaker 's words are lost and the Internet telephony software fills in the gaps .
Distributed and replicated data : Distributed data is stored on multiple servers across a network .
Distributed applications are the reason for building enterprise networks .
Distributed applications take on a whole new meaning with intranets and the Internet .
Distributed Computer Networks : Techniques for making information more accessible to users no matter where they are on the network .
Distributed computing : In a distributed computing environment , data resources such as user databases or directory services are stored on multiple servers in different locations .
Distributed computing is basically client , server computing on a wide scale .
Distributed computing systems have advantages and disadvantages :
Distributed directory caching Some distributed file systems cache directory information in users ' workstations to improve access .
Distributed file systems are designed around the client / server model .
Distributed network management systems can take advantage of the network platform to spread management functions around the network , rather than centralize them in a single data center .
Distributed network systems require time synchronization to ensure accurate timestamping and event executions .
Distributed Object Computing : Describes new object - oriented technologies for intranets and the Internet .
Distributed Object Computing : Technologies for distributing objects over networks .
Distributed object computing provides a way to create reusable code , usually called objects or components , and a way to distribute those objects to different computers and let them talk to each other over the network using a standard interface .
Distributed object technologies can be used in - house , between business partners over private networks , or over the public Internet .
Distributed query processing provides a way for users to query remote sites using the best path to the site and the best resources to satisfy the query .
Distributed transaction processing provides a way to ensure that writes to multiple databases are correctly written on all databases , or backed out if a failure occurs anywhere .
Distributing data provides protection from local disasters .
Distributing data requires complex replication and synchronization over LAN or WAN links that requires more management and supervision .
Distributing the information to other locations as necessary .
Distribution lists are groups of users .
Division of the network isolates a broadcast to specific subnetworks .
DLCI ( data link connection identifier ) An address that identifies logical connections .
DLSw ( Data Link Switching ) is a standard for tunneling or encapsulating IBM SNA ( Systems Network Architecture ) and NetBIOS applications across IP ( Internet Protocol ) networks .
DLSw is a standard for tunneling or encapsulating IBM SNA and NetBIOS applications across IP networks .
DLSw works over DLSw - capable routers , which provide a link over an IP network , as shown in Figure D - 26 .
DLT is an open ANSI standard that uses a fixed head to record onto a fast - streaming tape .
DLT is designed for high - end server backup , unlike other tape technologies discussed here , which have traditionally been targeted for desktop computers .
DLT vendors include Direct Connections ( http : / / www . directdc . com ) and Microtech ( http : / / www . microtechint . com ) , among others .
DMA has developed a document management framework that defines programming interfaces and services for document management systems .
DMA is a task force of AIIM that is concerned with ensuring that document management applications , services , and repositories are interoperable .
DME has two main components : application services and a framework .
DME is the management component that helps administrators manage and maintain the components of a DCE network .
DMI - compatible agents perform tasks in the background and compile information that a normal network manager would never have time to gather using manual methods .
DMI can be implemented in peripheral components as well , such as printers , modems , and storage devices .
DNS ( Domain Name System ) was invented by Paul Mockapetris so that people could use names instead of IP addresses to access computers .
DNS address information is stored at many locations on the Internet , not just at one central depository .
DNS is the location service of the Internet , and it can also be used for intranets .
DNS servers are strategically located on the Internet to convert domain names to IP addresses .
DNS servers may also exist in the Windows environment if Internet naming is used .
Docking station support Docking and undocking of portable computers allows users to avoid shutting down their portable systems when moving them .
Document content , which is arranged on pages in a particular layout .
Document interchange standards attempt to provide universal document formatting .
Document management becomes essential as network users begin to take advantage of these technologies .
Document management is a science unto itself .
Document management is often referred to as EDM ( electronic document management ) .
Document management is the storing , categorizing , and retrieval of documents , spreadsheets , graphs , and imaged documents .
Document parts are defined in a hierarchical tree , and formatting is applied based on that hierarchy .
Document standards should at a minimum provide a way to describe the following document features in a language that is understood by any system that needs to open and display the document :
Document structure , which defines segments of the document , such as headers and paragraphs .
Documentation is provided as HOWTO files , which are written by users and developers and freely available on some of the Web sites listed in the " Information on the Internet " heading that follows .
Documents , their attributes , and their structure are stored in BASISplus , an extended relational database optimized specifically for document objects .
Documents are stored in the HTML format , which is readable by any Web browser .
Documents are transferred from writer to editor to production in stages , using the network and its resources to store and eventually print the completed work .
Documents can be created with various typefaces and font sizes , layouts , and graphical information , and then sent to anyone that has an Acrobat reader .
Documents can have simultaneous access .
Documents contain routing information that serves to distribute the document to predefined users or devices .
Documents created in popular word processors often have hidden formatting codes and header information .
Documents mimic standard business forms with ASCII data in a standard data file format that is structured with records and fields .
Doing so does not bog down the system because nodes do not share the same bus or memory .
Doing so helps reduce packet loss and the need to retransmit those packets .
Doing so requires that desktop computers be upgraded with voice - processing hardware such as sound cards and telephone - like equipment ( i . e . , a microphone and speaker combination ) .
Doing so requires that desktop computers be upgraded with voice - processing hardware such as sound cards and telephone - like equipment ( i . e . , a microphone and speaker combination ) .
Doing this is useful for trusted mobile users or people from affiliated organizations who need to access specific systems on your networks .
Domain names are hot commodities and people or organizations want to register names that exemplify their products or services .
Domains : Domains provide a way for administrators to implement high levels of security , but require that at least one Windows NT Server system be available .
Domains are represented by partitions of the directory tree and domains can be subdivided into OU ( organizational unit ) containers .
Domains may span departments , divisions , and workgroups , as well as other types of computer groups .
Domains provide a way to maintain a single directory of users in large distributed - network environments .
Domino adds HTTP ( Hypertext Transfer Protocol ) services and transforms Notes into an Internet application server .
Domino also adds security features such as encryption .
Domino includes a component for load - balancing multiple servers called TCP Router .
Downsizing : An excuse to get rid of your highly paid senior employees and put in a workforce of " temps . "  Upside Magazine , Foster City , CA .
Downstream nodes can easily identify the streams associated with a label , thus avoiding the need to examine every packet in the stream in detail .
DQDB ( Distributed Queue Dual Bus ) : This is a reservation protocol in which each station obtains a slot in a synchronous stream of slots divided by time .
DQDB is based on QPSX ( Queued Packet Synchronous Exchange ) , which was developed in 1985 at the University of Western Australia .
DQDB is the access technology for the MAN ( Metropolitan Area Network ) standard , which is defined by the IEEE 802.6 committee .
DQDB is used in the IEEE 802. 6 MAN ( metropolitan area network ) standard .
DR - Web also includes agents that essentially turn managed devices into Web servers that " publish " management information just like a Web server publishes HTML pages .
DR - Web also lets administrators execute SNMP commands from Web browsers .
DRDA ( Distributed Relational Database Architecture ) : An IBM standard for accessing database information across IBM platforms that follows SQL standards .
DRDA / ODBC Solutions Microsoft 's ODBC ( Open Database Connectivity ) technology and IBM 's DRDA ( Distributed Relational Database Architecture ) provide direct links to host data .
DRDA has the following capabilities :
DRDA is an IBM standard for accessing database information across IBM platforms that follows SQL standards .
DRDA is one of the foundations for building client / server computing in IBM environments .
DRDA provides interoperability between DB2 and other relational databases .
Driver support was added to allow clients to access resources on almost any other operating system .
Drivers are referred to as MLIDs ( multiple link interface drivers ) .
Drivers are usually installed during the initial installation of a network - compatible client or server operating system .
Dropped packets cause even more delay because they must be reprocessed .
DS ( directory system ) : The DS contains a complete list of the names and addresses of other X.400 users .
DS is related to the T designations , but DS refers to signal rates and formatting while the T designations are usually applied to equipment .
DS0 has a bit rate of 64 Kbits / sec .
DS3 consists of 28 DS1 channels .
DSig is a response to requests by vendors such as Microsoft , JavaSoft , and IBM to develop an interoperable infrastructure for digital signatures and code signing .
DSL ( Digital Subscriber Line ) services are emerging that use the existing twisted - pair copper wire in the local loop to provide data rates of up to 60 Mbits / sec .
DSL ( Digital Subscriber Line ) services are the new kids on the block .
DSL connections are point - to - point dedicated circuits , meaning that they are always connected .
DSL has been the next greatest thing , but many will remember the promises of ISDN ( Integrated Services Digital Network ) , which has only recently become widespread after 12 years of hype .
DSL technologies can dramatically improve the bandwidth of the existing analog phone system .
DSOM is IBM 's extension to SOM ( System Object Model ) that allows objects to communicate across platforms in distributed computing environments .
DSOM is the network version that provides cross - platform interoperability .
DTE and DCE devices send and receive data on separate wires that terminate at a 25 - pin connector .
DTE and DCE interfaces are defined by the physical layer in the OSI ( Open Systems Interconnection ) model .
Due to recent material shortages , some manufacturers use low - quality composite insulation in their cable .
Due to the wide variety of existing de facto standards , most vendors have simply decided to support many different standards rather than conform to one .
Due to their high data transfer rates , these technologies are being used to connect disks or build small local networks .
Dumb terminals were originally classified as DTEs , but computers also fall into this category .
Duplexed servers are attached with high - speed interfaces ( fiber ) and can be placed in separate locations to protect them from local disasters .
Duplexing : Data is duplicated over two disk channels and stored on two drives .
Duplexing implies that each disk is attached to its own adapter card , which adds another level of protection .
Duplicate data centers : Some organizations running mission - critical applications duplicate their entire data center to an off - site location to provide recovery from local disasters .
Duplicate directories : Provides a backup of the directory structure by duplicating it on disk .
Duplicate FAT : Provides a backup of the file allocation table by duplicating it on disk .
Durability : is property has to do with the final commitment of a transaction .
During early development , Denny Cohen at USC argued that the connection - oriented features of TCP are unnecessary for some types of data transmissions and that they created excess overhead and traffic .
During normal NetMeeting operation , separate audio , video , and data streams are transmitted across the network .
During operating system setup , a system administrator only needs to select the type of NIC in use .
During that time , the station can transmit .
During the 1980s , the LAN model nearly replaced the mainframe , and there were predictions that the mainframe would be a thing of the past by now .
During the 1980s and early 1990s , organizations began to install local area networks to connect computers in departments and workgroups .
During the call setup phase , atm performs a set of procedures called CAC ( connection admission control ) to determine whether it can provide the requested ATM connection .
During the development of Fast Ethernet , two groups had different ideas about how to implement it .
During the development of TCP , Denny Cohen at USC recommended splitting the TCP protocol to accommodate " timeliness rather than accuracy . " .
During the early development of Fast Ethernet , two different groups worked out standards proposals and both were finally approved , but under different IEEE ( Institute of Electrical and Electronic Engineers ) committees .
During the initial session negotiation , a 40 - bit key is exchanged between client and server , and this key is used to secure the session using RSA RC4 encryption .
During the installation process , you can choose which components to install .
During the late 1970s and 1980s , ibm pushed its SNA ( Systems Network Architecture ) .
During the same NNTP session , the client requests information about new articles that have arrived in all or some of the newsgroups .
During the years from 1987 to 1990 , the backbone was upgraded to T1 circuits , and management was passed over to Merit .
During this process , ARP ( Address Resolution Protocol ) is used to resolve IP addresses , if necessary .
During this time , there is no token on the network , so no other station can transmit .
During Windows NT installation , you can choose to install either NTFS or FAT , but NTFS should always be selected if you want to take advantage of its sophisticated security and permission features ( see " Windows NT Permissions ) .
DVD - ROM drives are also backward compatible with CD - ROM .
DVD provides all the benefits of the WORM / CD - ROM technology , but supports many times the storage capacity of any previous technology .
DVD technologies consist of DVD - ROM ( a high - capacity storage medium ) , DVD - Video , DVD - Audio , DVD - R ( Recordable ) , and DVD - RAM ( an erasable format ) .
DVI ( Digital Video Interactive ) : DVI is an Intel - developed motion video compression scheme that is considered a de facto standard .
DVMRP ( Distance Vector Multicast Routing Protocol ) : In this technique , a router that receives a multicast packet wants to find out if other multicast routers it has connections to need to receive the packet ( i . e . , they have attached hosts that are members of the group ) .
DVMRP sends the packet to all attached routers and waits for a reply .
DXI ( Data Exchange Interface ) : This provides an interface for legacy equipment such as routers into ATM using HDLC ( Highlevel Data Link Control ) framing .
Dye polymer technology : In this technique , the heat of a laser causes a spot on a dye - tinted polymer material sandwiched between the disk 's outer casing to physically change its state .
Dynamic documents created on the fly , based on information requests made by users .
Dynamic HTML describes a combination of HTML , style sheets , and scripts that allow documents to be animated .
Dynamic routing is a process in which routers automatically adjust to changes in network topology or traffic .
Dynamic routing is used in all modern routers , but some amount of programming is still available for customizing routes if necessary .
Dynamic Web pages , on the other hand , are created " on the fly " based on information the user typed into a form or on other information such as the current time , date , and other information .
E - mail middleware : A kind of middleware that lets users of different e - mail systems exchange mail .
E - mail security lets users electronically sign messages to prove their origin .
EA ( extended address ) Used to extend the header field to support DLCI addresses of more than 10 bits .
Each adaptation of Ethernet has its own specifications for cable lengths , maximum number of stations , and other factors .
Each auditing category can have a distinct password , so , for example , the auditor who tracks volume events cannot track container events if they don't have the container password .
Each B channel can carry a single digitized voice call or be used as a data channel .
Each bit in this number indicates the direction the cell should take at each individual switching element .
Each block is worked independently through 16 iterations of the algorithm .
Each block must have a starting flag similar to asynchronous communications so the receiving system can initially synchronize with the bit stream and locate the beginning of the characters .
Each body part in the message can be preceded by a Content - Type .
Each branch of the tree is identified by a code word , and the code word is sent in any transmissions .
Each bridge port is then assigned a path cost that assigns a value to ports .
Each bus has a head end with a slot generator that constantly puts 53 byte cells ( also called slots ) on the bus so that the bus is never silent .
Each bus is a channel in the multiplexed stream .
Each card implements a specific medium access method in accordance with the IEEE 802.x standards ( or possibly other standards ) .
Each carrier has a specific number of places where customers can link into the network , called points of presence .
Each cell has 174 full - duplex channels , and the whole system has over 283,000 channels .
Each cell is assigned a set of frequencies , and no adjoining cells have the same frequencies .
Each channel avoids some of the noise and interference problems of a wide - spectrum signal .
Each channel has a data rate of 24 Mbits / sec .
Each channel supports one conversation .
Each character is separated by a start bit and a stop bit , and no timing mechanism is needed .
Each circuit provides a data rate of 64 Kbits / sec .
Each class can have specific procedures associated with it , so programming and data manipulation are not separate .
Each component is like a building block that performs a specific task and has an interface that lets developers combine it with other components to build applications .
Each computer creates a socket , and the endpoints of the connection attach to this socket .
Each controller is responsible for the radio communications in one or more metropolitan areas .
Each conversation has a name and buffers for sending and receiving data , along with a code that is returned to indicate success or failure of the transaction .
Each data link segment may use a different frame format , so the routers that link the segments remove the packet information from frames , look inside the packet to determine address and routing information , then reframe the packet for delivery on the next network segment .
Each data or voice signal is modulated onto a carrier at different frequencies .
Each data type can be assigned meaning that is relevant to the object it represents .
Each datagram packet must be addressed individually , adding to the overhead , which means less data is delivered per packet .
Each device runs an agent that collects information and provides that information to a management console .
Each digital modem module supports 48 V.34 digital modems to provide analog and cellular connections at rates up to 33.6 Kbits / sec .
Each document has an index - card - like record that holds information such as the author , document description , creation date , and type of application used .
Each document must be manually updated .
Each domain has a PDC and may have one or more BDCs as well .
Each ELAN must have a LES , which resolves legacy LAN to ATM addresses within the ELAN .
Each end of the coaxial cable trunk requires a terminator , and one end requires a ground lead , as shown in the illustration .
Each frame is normally addressed to a particular destination computer , and while all other stations on the network can listen to the broadcast , only the station with the destination address bothers to receive it .
Each frame is treated as an individual entity that is checked for errors .
Each group has a PGID ( peer group identifier ) .
Each has its advantages and disadvantages .
Each has its own philosophy , advantages , and disadvantages .
Each has transmission characteristics that restrict data transmission rates .
Each individual LAN or network link constitutes a subnetwork .
Each individual network has its own network address as defined by the IP .
Each input channel gets an interleaved time segment so that all channels equally share the medium that is used for transmission .
Each interconnected LAN may have a different MTU size .
Each IP subnetwork is called a LIS ( logical IP subnet ) .
Each is discussed further in the following sections .
Each key is a license that has been purchased from the software vendor .
Each key is a license that has been purchased from the software vendor .
Each LAN is distinct from the others electrically , but the bridged LANs become part of the same broadcast domain ( assuming Ethernet ) .
Each LAN module has up to 256K of memory and an LMA ( LAN module ASIC ) that controls buffering and I / O for the port .
Each LAN of an internetwork is called a subnetwork .
Each LAN segment is joined with a bridge .
Each layer also carries on a " conversation " with its peer layer in the computer it is communicating with .
Each layer in a protocol stack provides services to the protocol layer just above it .
Each layer of the OSI model is described here for what it defines .
Each layer performs a range of services .
Each level defines different ways to write data to disk .
Each light signal occupies a different frequency .
Each LIS includes a single ATMARP ( ATM Address Resolution Protocol ) server , which resolves IP to ATM addresses .
Each LIS operates and communicates independently of other LISs on the same ATM network .
Each machine should have a unique ID , and each system device and add - on device should have a unique Plug - and - Play device ID .
Each manufacturer is given a unique code and a block of addresses .
Each manufacturer 's microprocessors have different sets of microcode .
Each message must be acknowledged , adding to its overhead .
Each module uses additional memory , so you need to make sure the server has enough memory to handle the NLMs you plan to load .
Each network is connected via a router to the backbone network .
Each new click of a button is set up as a new connection and then taken down , but sophisticated client / server applications cannot run in an environment that does not support some persistence in the connections and the caching of information about the current session by both the client and the server .
Each new connection requires a negotiation phase , which takes time and requires that packets be exchanged between client and server .
Each NIC is designed for a specific type of network , such as Ethernet , token ring , FDDI , ARCNET , and others .
Each node contains a routing table used to establish the pathway for the link .
Each node has its own processors , memory , cache , and interconnecting bus .
Each node listens to traffic on the network and reads the destination address in the frames .
Each node stores information in its local cache that has been retrieved from other nodes .
Each object class has a specific set of attributes .
Each object collects some information , such as the number of packets that have been received , and holds that information as a value that can be collected by the management system .
Each of the 124 frequencies in the uplink and downlink consists of frames that have eight separate slots on which voice or data can be transmitted .
Each of the 24 channels has a data rate of 64 Kbits / sec , yielding a 1. 544 - Mbit / sec T1 line .
Each of the interfaces shown in the figure is described here :
Each of the MIME headers is described here :
Each of the networks attached to an internetwork has a specific network address .
Each of the services discussed in the following paragraphs are covered in more detail under separate headings .
Each of these channels can be subdivided further to produce a total of 96 separate 64 - Kbit / sec circuits .
Each of these is described here :
Each of these operating systems is described elsewhere in this book .
Each of these technologies is discussed in the following sections .
Each OU can become an administrative unit that is managed by a person delegated by some higher - level administrator .
Each pair is crossed over so that the transmitter at one end connects to a receiver at the other end .
Each part of the message can hold a different data type .
Each part of the message is called a body part and can contain text , graphics , audio , or video .
Each person must have the appropriate multimedia equipment , such as video camera , microphone , and speaker , but this equipment is now relatively inexpensive .
Each piece of information to be collected about a device , such as the number of packets received , is defined by a managed object .
Each port has a specific address using a 24 - bit addressing scheme .
Each port on every bridge is assigned a unique identifier .
Each processor may also run its own operating system and applications .
Each RBOC was assigned a specific geographical area , and each geographical area was divided into service areas called LATAs ( local access and transport areas ) .
Each record has a count field , a data , and an end of record marker .
Each request requires a setup phase which requires time and the exchange of packets that add traffic to the network .
Each router along a path from the source to the destination is asked to set aside bandwidth .
Each router along the way looks at this address to determine how to forward the datagram .
Each router increments the hop count in the packet .
Each router reads the destination address in a packet , then looks in a routing table for the destination network ( not a host address ) .
Each section explains the basic terminology only and refers you to appropriate headings in this book .
Each slot can hold 114 actual bits of data , with the remainder used for header information and synchronization .
Each slot represents a user channel and is created by using time - division multiplexing .
Each socket has an address , called the port number .
Each socket then waits for a client to connect with it .
Each station can send commands and responses over its own line and receive commands and responses on the duplexed line .
Each station contains relays that join the rings in case of a break or bypass the station in case it is having problems .
Each station must then back off and wait a certain amount of time before attempting to retransmit .
Each subclass has generalized features inherited from its parents , along with specialized features of its own .
Each subnetwork in this scheme can be different  i . e . , one subnetwork can be Ethernet while another can be token ring .
Each thread may interact with a different part of the system , such as disk systems , network I / O , or the user .
Each time - division multiplexed frame in the uplink or downlink is 1,250 bits wide and holds eight 148 - bit - wide slots .
Each transformer has its own electrical characteristics and should not be connected to equipment connected to other transformers .
Each user also has a personal login script that can contain commands of their choosing .
Each user gets a specific time slot in the channel and that time slot is fixed for the user during the call .
Each user needs to join a different department or workgroup and each user 's workstation must be connected into an appropriate LAN segment so he or she can access the resources located there .
Each VC within the VP can have different data rates , priorities , and so on .
Each vendor has its own way of providing universal database functionality .
Each VLAN is its own broadcast and collision domain and users within the VLAN have access to the resources configured as part of the domain .
Each volume has its own directory structure .
Each word processor uses a different system to code how text and paragraphs are formatted .
Each workgroup hub is then connected to the central hub with a dedicated cable .
Each workstation backs off and waits for a period of time before attempting access again .
Each workstation can share its resources with other network users while allowing the local user to access those resources as well .
Each zone is assigned 32 million addresses .
Early bridges required that network managers handenter the address tables .
Early EDI packages used rather simple standard forms that forced companies to design their in - house documents around these generic forms .
Early on , AT &amp; T created a TDM hierarchy that is now known as the NADH .
Early on , the data link layer contained only LLC - like protocols , but when shared LANs came along , the IEEE positioned the MAC sublayer into the lower half of the data link layer .
Early premises systems were proprietary , but today , most cabling systems follow TIA / EIA 568 Commercial Building Wiring Standard , which is covered under " TIA / EIA Structured Cabling Standards . " .
Eavesdroppers have trouble picking up the signal because it is spread out and requires knowledge of a code to separate one call from another .
Eavesdropping involves monitoring network traffic with wiretaps or sniffers , but the attack goes beyond simply trying to obtain a username and password .
Edge - switching devices sit at the edges of the ATM network and provide a connection point for legacy LANs .
Edge devices are entry points into the ATM switching environment and have routing tables that are referred to when mapping layer 3 routes to layer 2 virtual circuits .
Edge devices are routers or switches that typically provide entry points into ATM switching networks .
Edge devices are used when connecting legacy Ethernet and token ring LANs to the ATM network in a configuration where the ATM network serves as a bridge between a LAN on one edge of the network and a LAN on another edge of the network .
Edge devices cache a certain amount of forwarding information , but if a route is not known , the edge device queries the route server .
Edge devices do not run routing protocols  they do layer 3 forwarding , which is based on calculations performed by the route servers .
Edge devices obtain virtual circuit information by requesting it from a special route server .
Edge devices then use that information to forward packets .
EDI and other forms of business transactions have been taking place over public and private networks for some time .
EDI has been extended to Web technologies as well , either as traditional EDI or as completely new business - to - business technologies .
EDI has the potential to reduce costs , reduce workforce requirements , and most important , reduce retyping errors .
EDI INT : This is a set of recommendations and guidelines for executing EDI ( Electronic Data Interchange ) over the Internet .
EDI INT is the EDI Internet standard , which Netscape is actively using in its Internet products such as CrossCommerce ( see " Electronic Commerce " ) .
EDI is a business - to - business electronic document exchange standard defined by ANSI ( American National Standards Institute ) that defines structures for business forms such as purchase orders , invoices , and shipping notices and provides a way for organizations to exchange those forms over communication links .
EDI is just beginning to move into the Internet .
EDI is the electronic exchange of structured business data such as purchase orders , invoices , and shipping notices , typically between one organization and another .
EDI is typically handled using store - and - forward technologies similar to e - mail .
EDI standards activities in the United States are handled by DISA ( Data Interchange Standards Association , Inc . ) .
EDI translation software converts the sender 's proprietary document formats into standard formats .
EGPs are exterior routing protocols .
Eight - millimeter helical - scan tape systems use a tape that is 8 mm wide in a cassette that measures 3.75 x 2.5 inches .
Eight different service classes can be defined , with 0 being the lowest and 7 being the highest .
Electrical connections are polluted with surges and spikes ( collectively called noise ) .
Electrical environments are noisy .
Electrical noise testing is important for cable that has been installed .
Electrical power is rarely supplied as a smooth wave of steady energy .
Electromagnetic fields created by the current flows can create signal distortions in adjoining wires .
Electromechanical devices emit low frequency waves , while computer chips and other integrated circuit emit high - frequency waves .
Electron movement causes electromagnetic radiation .
Electronic cash is a scheme that makes purchasing easier over the Internet .
Electronic commerce has come to be associated with the buying and selling of goods on the Internet .
Electronic commerce may also involve business - to - business transactions , expanding on the older EDI ( Electronic Data Interchange ) techniques of exchanging purchase orders , invoices , and other documents in electronic form .
Electronic mail ( e - mail ) is probably the most common application used on networks .
Electronic mail and messaging programs like Microsoft Exchange include all the appropriate software for handling digital signatures .
Electronic mail gateways translate messages from one vendor 's messaging application to another 's so that users with different e - mail applications can share messages over a network .
Electronic mail groups to simplify message addressing .
Electronic mail is a form of groupware .
Electronic mail is the foundation and data transport system of many groupware applications .
Electronic mail on the Internet is striving to reach several goals that can assure both sender and receiver that messages are confidential , that messages are from an authentic source , that messages have not been altered or corrupted , and that the sender cannot repudiate the message .
Electronic mail servers : These automatically connect with other LANs or electronic " post offices " to pick up and deliver e - mail .
Electronic mail systems have specific addressing schemes that identify users and resources on the network .
Electronic meeting tools such as chat rooms , voice and videoconferencing , and whiteboard applications .
Electronic messages are susceptible to alteration and may be forged .
Electronic software licensing provides automatic tracking of software usage to ensure that an organization stays within its software licensing requirements and legal boundaries for software usage .
Electrostatic interference from nearby machines or circuits .
Elevator seeking : Prioritizes incoming read requests according to how they can best be accessed by the read head in relation to its current location .
EMA 's Web site , listed below under " Information on the Internet , " has further information .
EMBARC also allows users to send messages to a number of users at the same time .
EMBARC is a provider of one - way beeper and pager communication services .
EMBARC users can also get news from various sources , such as USA Today .
Embedded browser software is available for many devices from Unwired Planet .
Embedded object Unlike linked objects , an embedded object is stored directly in the compound document .
Embedded SQL : In this approach , sql statements are embedded into the source code of programs that are written in a host language such as C .
EMI is waves of energy that emanate from electrical devices and cables .
Emphasis is on defining and specifying the home UNI ( User - to - Network Interface ) and ANI ( access network interface ) .
Employee directory ( phone number , personal interest , etc . ) or personal Web pages for employees .
Employees helped him into the communication closet where he was able to install phone taps .
Employees may bring viruses into an organization on their portable computers or disks that they have brought from home .
Encapsulation : This method simply places an FDDI envelope around the Ethernet frame and sends it across the backbone network as a packet .
Encapsulation also provides a way to use FDDI ( Fiber Distributed Data Interface ) as a backbone for a local or campus - wide network .
Encapsulation also takes the form of tunneling , which is a way of inserting one type of packet into another type for delivery across a network .
Encapsulation is a method of packaging information into packets .
Encapsulation is a tunneling technique that essentially creates a virtual point - to - point link between mrouters .
Encapsulation is normally implemented in most Ethernet - to - FDDI bridges .
Encapsulation is normally implemented in most EthernettoFDDI bridges .
Encapsulation is required because the datagrams are addressed to the network from which they are being shipped ! .
Encapsulation is widely used , and related topics are listed under " Related Entries " at the end of this topic .
Encapsulation makes the frames unusable until they are unpackaged at the receiving bridge .
Encina is a product from Transarc Corporation for building and operating distributed OLTP ( online transaction processing ) applications in open system environments .
Encoding provides a way to represent more digital information per flux transition .
Encoding techniques include the following :
Encrypted information is transmitted on a secure channel to prevent eavesdropping .
Encrypting the password may not help since the logon sequence could be captured and " replayed . " .
Encrypting with a one - way function is easy and takes little computer processing power .
Encryption : To hide transmissions on public networks , you need encryption .
Encryption and access controls are available to secure sensitive forums .
Encryption can be handled by DES ( Data Encryption Standard ) , Triple - DES , or the RSA RC2 algorithm .
Encryption is handled by cryptographic algorithms that take some input called plaintext and a key , and then convert it to ciphertext .
Encryption is performed using an algorithm , which is usually well known .
Encryption provides security , but authentication is also required to ensure that people or devices at the other end of the link are authentic and authorized to use the link .
Encryption services such as DES ( Data Encryption Standard ) can also be implemented .
End systems are the computers at either end of the virtual circuit .
End systems are the hosts in TCP / IP networks , but more specifically , end systems are the computers at either side of a communication session .
End systems perform these functions in higher - layer protocols .
End users benefit from CDF by being able to choose the content they want to download or have pulled to their site .
End users can take advantage of it through prior other high - data - rate links such as DSL .
End users can visit Web sites to obtain published information or have it automatically " pushed " to them using technologies described under " Broadcast News Technology , " " Marimba Castanet , " " PointCast , " and " Push . .
End users connect to local ISPs ( Internet service providers ) , which are in turn connected via routers to regional ISPs , which are in turn connected via routers to national ISPs .
Energy is transmitted in three ways : electromagnetic radiation , conduction , and convection ( heat transfer ) .
Enhanced Category 5 : This cable has all the characteristics of Category 5 , but is manufactured using higher - quality processes that minimize crosstalk by twisting the cable even more than is done in traditional Category 5 .
Enhanced CU - SeeMe supports 24 - bit , true - color videoconferencing , and it can be run over dial - up modems or ISDN on PCs .
Enhancements are boosting capacity to 35 GB / sec and transfer rates to 5 MB / sec .
ENs ( end nodes ) : An EN is a computer with its own operating system .
Ensure that a single LAN segment is connected to circuits that branch from a single power source and that no point in the segment shares a ground with other power sources .
Ensure that data is properly backed up .
Ensuring proper documentation of all systems .
Enter the switching hub ( also called a frame switch or LAN switch ) .
Enterprise hub : The enterprise hub is a high - speed core device that provides a collapsed backbone .
Enterprise JavaBeans extends JavaBeans and defines how communication among components maps into underlying protocols such as CORBA IIOP .
Enterprise JavaBeans is a programming interface specification for building Java component - based applications for distributed environments .
Enterprise Networks : Networks that span an entire organization and connect all of its information resources .
Enterprise networks and wide area networks expand on these topologies , as discussed here and pictured in Figure T - 14 :
Entire data centers can be duplicated .
Entities in each layer add PCI ( protocol control information ) to the PDU in the form of messages that are destined for peer entities in the other system .
Entries are made to the ARP cache on a first response basis .
Entries in the database are objects .
Equipment failure : High - energy transients can permanently damage equipment .
Erase : The right to delete a directory and the files in a directory or subdirectory .
Error - correction codes are also written to all drives .
Error - correction requirements can drastically reduce transmission rates .
Error correction strategy Send enough additional information to correct problems at the destination .
Error detection Determines if a frame has been delivered accurately .
Error detection strategy Send only enough extra information to detect an error , then request a retransmission from the source .
Errors can be detected within each unit and if detected , only that frame need be retransmitted .
ES - IS routing is an OSI ( Open Systems Interconnection ) method for routing within autonomous domains .
ES - IS routing takes place only between the end systems and the routers or intermediate systems .
ESCON is a set of IBM products and services that provides a dynamically connected environment within an enterprise .
ESCON provides direct channel - to - channel connections between mainframe systems over fiber - optic links at distances up to 60 kilometers ( 36 miles ) .
ESD ( electronic software distribution ) and ESL ( electronic software licensing ) are now recognized as critical to the proper management of large networks .
ESD provides automatic software updating , and ESL provides automatic tracking of software usage to ensure that an organization stays within its software licensing requirements .
ESIOP accommodates interfaces that might have special requirements .
Establish a CIR ( committed information rate ) for your needs and obtain a level of commitment from the carrier for providing services over that rate .
Establishing a connection is a simple matter of sending a connection request to the target host .
Establishing a connection is a simple matter of sending a connection request to the target host .
Estimates are that less than 30 percent of the lines in the U . S . are clean enough to let these modems operate near top speed .
Ethernet , token ring , and FDDI ( Fiber Distributed Data Interface ) are examples of networks that conform to IEEE 802 standards for MAClevel bridging .
Ethernet : A traditional shared - access local area network with a data rate of 10 Mbits / sec .
Ethernet 10Base - 2 is the coaxial cable version of Ethernet that was widely installed in the 1980s .
Ethernet 10Base - 5 was popular earlier on , but the Thinnet coaxial cable was physically easier to handle and cheaper than Thicknet Ethernet cable , although the maximum trunk length is less than is possible with Thicknet Ethernet .
Ethernet 10Base - T and Fast Ethernet use this topology .
Ethernet 802.3 is often used to clarify this point .
Ethernet and token ring are examples of shared data link protocols .
Ethernet is a shared baseband network on which many stations transmit signals , but only one at a time .
EtherTalk adapters provided by Apple include media adapters for thin coaxial cable , twisted - pair cable , and fiber - optic cable .
EtherTalk is an implementation of the IEEE ( Institute of Electrical and Electronic Engineers ) 802.3 Ethernet standard for Apple Macintosh computers .
Even after detecting and cleaning up a virus infection , there is still a good chance that the virus is lurking somewhere in your organization , ready to reinfect systems .
Even higher rates are achieved by using compression and other techniques .
Even if disk mirroring , server mirroring , and replication are implemented , you still need an archival storage mechanism that can restore corrupted data .
Even if the device has nothing to transmit , the time slot is still reserved .
Even if the device has nothing to transmit , the time slot is still reserved .
Even if the device has nothing to transmit , the time slot is still reserved .
Even if this is overstated , the real speed is many times higher than traditional routers .
Even low - end videoconferencing systems offer interesting features such as document / application sharing and a whiteboard that can be used simultaneously .
Even newer DSL ( Digital Subscriber Line ) technologies can provide throughput in the megabits - per - second range .
Even on ATM switches , congestion is a problem if the device attached to an exit port can't handle the traffic it is receiving .
Even so , many host addresses go unused by organizations that have class B address .
Even these traditional Web protocols are starting to show their age .
Even though a network may be subdivided into VLANs , the underlying network is still capable of switching packets to any computer at high speed .
Even though all the computers on the network listen to the transmission , only the designated recipient actually receives the frame .
Even though cable segment distances are shorter , the hierarchical topology provides a cabling scheme that makes up for this deficiency .
Even though Category 5 is widely used , there are many things that can prevent a cabling system from delivering the intended data rate .
Even though Category 5 was considered future - proof , new gigabit - per - second networking schemes are not supported .
Even though devices attempt to sense whether the network is in use , there is a good chance that two stations will attempt to access it at the same time .
Even though each station connects to a central hub called a MAU ( multistation access unit ) , each station is still connected to the next station in line via a point - to - point link .
Even though each workstation is attached to the workstation with its own cable , the repeater hub ensures that each station still hears all the broadcasts on that network .
Even though packets would normally need to go through a router to get from one VLAN to another , the underlying network does have a direct connection .
Even though the broadcast is targeted to multiple systems , only one broadcast is needed , rather than a separate broadcast to each destination .
Even though the ITU - T now creates recommendations and standards , the CCITT recommendations are still mentioned quite frequently .
Even though the local loop cable is capable of handling higher bandwidth transmissions , telephone company switching equipment is still largely restricted to operating in the voice band , although this is changing with technologies such as DSL ( Digital Subscriber Line ) .
Even though the marketing people are now physically located throughout the organization , they still need to work as a group and share common resources .
Even though the packet - switched network has a lot of flexibility , the leased line into that network from your site can be a choke point .
Even though the telephone company 's trunk lines are now mostly digital , the local loop still remains analog because the cost of upgrading it is prohibitive .
Even though this reverts back to shared segments , there are fewer workstations sharing the segment and contending for its bandwidth than in a conventional shared network in which all stations share the same network .
Even under new regulations , the LECs are required to keep these lines of communication open to promote fairness and competition .
Event handling : Allows objects to communicate with messaging .
Events : Provides a way to trigger actions based on alarms .
Events that can be tracked are listed here :
Eventually , AT &amp; T assumed dominant control of this structure , and by 1984 , AT &amp; T was forced by the Justice Department to break up into seven regional holding companies called the RBOCs ( regional Bell operating companies ) , in addition to the research division called Bellcore ( now Lucent ) .
Eventually , organizations saw benefits in building enterprise networks that would let people throughout the organization exchange e - mail and work together using collaborative software .
Eventually , private cables were strung from the phone company 's switchboards to every phone , thus putting an end to the so - called party line . .
Eventually , the concept of autonomous systems ( domains ) was developed and IGPs ( Interior Gateway Protocols ) and EGPs ( Exterior Gateway Protocols ) were developed .
Eventually , the destination sends a response back to the bridge and the bridge makes an entry in its table that associates the address with the port on which it received the response .
Eventually , the public network " pyramid , " in which users at the low end have limited bandwidth , will give way to a network in which everyone has access to high bandwidth .
Eventually , the system will balance , at least in theory .
Eventually , this line may be insufficient .
Eventually , you get to where you wanted to go .
Eventually there was a need to do this , and the SMTP protocol was defined in 1982 for delivering mail over the growing internet .
Every bit in the file is critical , so the compression algorithm meticulously compresses and uncompresses the file .
Every computer on a TCP / IP network has two addresses : a MAC address that is only used within the subnetwork and an IP address that identifies the computer on the internetwork .
Every day , more and more people take to the road with portable computers or move out of their corporate offices to work at home or at remote sites , and it becomes necessary to grant more and more users access to internal network resources .
Every day , organizations capture data that is essentially unavailable for use because there is no way to conveniently access , manipulate , and present it .
Every entry in the database ( the logical directory tree ) has an object class .
Every LEC on the ELAN must maintain a connection to a LES .
Every morning , hundreds of people in an organization access the Dilbert Web site to see the latest cartoon .
Every network operating system has a specific set of rights , as shown in the Table R - 1 .
Every network operating system has a specific set of rights / permissions , as shown in the following table .
Every object ( directory , file , or other resource ) has an access control list that contains entries specifically identifying which users and groups can access the object and the permissions they have on that object .
Every object is a stand - alone piece of code that can be combined with other objects .
Every other object on the page is downloaded as a separate transmission .
Every physical transmission system , whether it is copper cable , air , or fiberoptic cable , has a finite bandwidth .
Every possible key is tried in an attempt to decrypt the ciphertext .
Every PreNetWare 3.x server maintains its own bindery .
Every purchase is confirmed by a return e - mail .
Every router along the way knows about the networks that are connected to it and if a packet can't be sent along one of those paths , the router just sends it up to the next highest router in the hierarchy .
Every UNIX implementation now includes TCP / IP and support for Ethernet .
Everyone places their public key on the company 's public - key server .
Everyone who accesses the page sees the same information .
Everything a company knows about itself , its products and services , its customers , and the business environment in which it exists are stored in documents . " .
Everything else can be replaced .
Everything else is automatic , including the initial download of components , component updates , and the transmission of data provided by that site .
Examples include file access and transfer over the network , resource sharing , and print services .
Examples of objects are files , which can be opened , read , written , and closed , as well as windows , which can be opened , resized , painted , scrolled , minimized , maximized , and closed .
Examples of payment methods include credit cards , debit cards , electronic cash , and checks .
Examples of payment methods include credit cards , debit cards , electronic cash , micropayments , and electronic checks .
Examples of TPs are IBM DDM ( Distributed Data Management ) , which provides file sharing and database sharing among systems that implement DDM and DIA ( Document Interchange Architecture ) , which is a document exchange standard that defines searching , browsing , printing , and the distribution of documents .
Exchange also connects with the Internet and other networks outside the organization to provide global messaging .
Exchange is a client / server product that is provided in the form of Exchange Server and Exchange clients :
Exchange provides messaging services , information services , directory services , and connectivity services .
Exchange Server : The Exchange Server is the " engine " for exchanging information , both throughout the enterprise and outside the enterprise .
Exchange supports MAPI ( Messaging Application Programming Interface ) so you can create custom message - enabled applications , and ODBC ( Open Database Connectivity ) so you can access stored information in a variety of data formats .
Exchange synchronizes replicated folders to ensure that users are working with the latest information .
Execute ( x ) : Allows the user to run a program or search a directory .
Existing FDDI stations should be attached to their own networks .
Existing network technologies such as Ethernet suffer from limited transmission speeds .
Expanding the token ring network is a simple matter of installing additional MAUs and connecting new workstations to the MAUs .
Expiration restrictions : You can set an expiration date and time for a user account .
Explorer packets are released by a source to discover a path through the network .
Extensions to CORBA for building bridges between different ORBs .
External data systems : These are systems outside the organization , such as the Web servers or subscription data services that provide a range of information ( demographic data , economic trend data , product data , etc . ) .
External users only see the IP address of the proxy server .
External users only see the IP address of the proxy server .
Externally , it looks like all packets are coming from the proxy server , which provides a level of security by hiding all internal addresses .
Extranets are cross - business connections built with private leased lines or secure Internet connections that allow people and businesses to engage in secure business relationships .
F you know the party you are exchanging messages with , then you can give them the key in advance .
Fabric refers to the crossbar switching architecture employed by the Fibre Channel switch .
Facilities such as relational databases , communication and networking capabilities , online education , and more are fully integrated into the operating system and the machine .
Factoring an RSA modulus would allow an attacker to figure out the private key and decrypt messages and forge signatures .
Factoring has become easier because of more powerful computer hardware and because better factoring algorithms have been developed .
Factoring is mentioned because it is the technique that someone might use to discover a key and open private messages , as discussed in a moment .
Factoring is the technique that cryptanalysts use to split the modulus into the original integers that were multiplied together to obtain it .
Factors that decrease the data rate include errors and noise on the line , but data rate can be improved by increasing the bandwidth and using higher frequencies .
Failover : This is the term used to describe how other servers take over the load of a failed server .
Fast Ethernet : Ethernet at 100 Mbits / sec over Category 5 unshielded twisted - pair cable .
Fast Ethernet can fulfill backbone requirements as long as the network is usually within the confines of a single building .
Fast Ethernet falls under the original IEEE 802.3 specifications .
Fast Ethernet is traditional CSMA / CD ( carrier sense multiple access / collision detection ) at 100 Mbits / sec over twisted - pair wire .
Fast Ethernet supports three media types :
Fast IP ( Internet Protocol ) is 3Com Corporation 's answer to expanding network services .
Fast IP is used to speed the flow of IP by creating data paths that bypass routers through the layer 2 switching network .
Fast IP supports other protocols such as IPX and runs over switched environments other than ATM .
Fast IR is a product of the IrDA ( Infrared Data Association ) .
Fast packet switching is a common industry term that refers to data transmissions through high - speed mesh - type switching networks .
Fast transfer rates are achieved by using synchronous data transfers instead of asynchronous data transfers .
FAT ( file allocation table ) : The IBM / Microsoft DOS - based file system that is also used by Windows , although Windows NT supports NTFS ( New Technology File System ) .
FAT divides hard disks into one or more partitions that become drive letters , such as C : , D : , and so on .
FAT32 : Windows 95 ( release 2 ) provides this update to FAT that allows for a default cluster size as small as 4K , as well as support for hard disk sizes in excess of 2GB .
Fault - tolerance features such as disk mirroring and duplexing should be used in this configuration .
Fault - tolerant systems are designed to withstand hardware failures and software errors .
Fault - tolerant techniques are described next .
Fault management is the ability to locate faults , determine their cause , and make corrections .
Fault management requires certain procedures , personnel , and equipment to handle alarm conditions , as listed here :
Fault managment is concerned with keeping systems available for users , and involves the following :
Fault resilience : The ability to provide uninterrupted service .
Fault tolerance allows you to provide redundancy for hardware in a system .
Fault tolerance features such as clustering , RAID , and backup services .
Fault tolerance is a method for providing redundancy in hardware systems to protect against downtime that would occur if a system failed .
Fault tolerance is the more general term for SFT .
Fax servers are computers with fax devices that manage incoming and outgoing faxes .
Fax servers can keep log files of faxing activities for later scrutiny and manage the fax address books for a company .
Faxing is also a viable option .
Faxing out is relatively easy compared to handling incoming faxes .
FCS is a checksum used for error detection .
FDDI - II has not become a widespread networking technology because it is incompatible with the existing FDDI design .
FDDI - II is designed for networks that need to transport real - time traffic .
FDDI - II requires that all nodes on the FDDI - II network use FDDI - II , otherwise the network reverts to FDDI .
FDDI - II uses multiplexing techniques to divide the bandwidth into 16 dedicated circuits that can provide on - time delivery for prioritized traffic .
FDDI : A traditional 100 - Mbit / sec networking technology .
FDDI cards with synchronous capabilities give network managers the ability to set aside part of the bandwidth for time - sensitive traffic .
FDDI has a data rate of 100 Mbits / sec and uses a redundant dual - ring topology that supports 500 nodes over a maximum distance of 100 kilometers .
FDDI has been used extensively as a network backbone topology .
FDDI is a high - speed networking technology developed by the ANSI X3T9.5 committee .
FDDI now has three transmission modes .
FDDI operates over single - mode and multimode fiber - optic cable as well as STP and UTP copper cable .
FDDI uses a token - passing access method .
FDM and TDM are discussed in the following sections .
FDM frequency division multiplexing ) divides the frequency spectrum of a circuit into bands and transmits each channel on a specific band , as shown in Figure M - 14 ( a ) .
FDM is a broadband analog transmission technique in which multiple signals are transmitted over a single cable simultaneously , as shown in Figure M - 14 ( a ) .
Features such as Novell NetWare 's hot fix will automatically detect bad blocks on a disk and move data from those areas to a new area on the disk to prevent potential loss of data .
Features that are important in data communication are listed here :
FEC is used when retransmission is not practical or possible .
FEC requires that more bits be sent with each transmission and does not use the transmission line efficiently ( although you might consider it efficient if a lot of errors are occurring ) .
FECN ( forward explicit congestion notification ) Warns receivers about network congestion .
FEPs connect to IBM 3270 hosts .
Few LANs have frame sizes that will accommodate this datagram size .
Fiber - optic cable : This cable consists of a center glass core through which light waves propagate .
Fiber - optic cable also extends to much longer distances than copper cable .
Fiber - optic cable employs photons for the transmission of digital signals .
Fiber - optic cable is available with a metal core for strength if the cable will be hung over distances .
Fiber - optic cable is available with either single or multiple strands of plastic or glass fiber .
Fiber - optic cable is not prone to interference , and it does not emit a signal , so it is more secure ( especially for wiring across public areas ) .
Fiber - optic cable is resistant to electromagnetic interference and generates no radiation of its own .
Fiber - optic cable is usually used to handle the increased traffic loads of the backbone .
Fiberoptic cable is used for backbones between active hubs and for outside runs .
Fibre Channel : A peripheral connection standard that acts like a shared network .
Fibre Channel : Supports data transfer rates in the 100 - MB / sec to 4 - GB / sec range and supports very high - capacity , high - speed drives .
Fibre Channel has features of a network , but it is not a network in the traditional sense .
Fibre Channel is a campus - wide interconnection standard that is designed primarily to interconnect peripherals , mass storage systems such as RAID ( redundant arrays of inexpensive disks ) devices , imaging and archiving systems , mainframes , engineering workstations , and other high - speed devices .
Fibre Channel is a good choice for connecting two or more parallel processing computers together or for attaching mass storage devices to a superserver .
Fibre Channel is also used in some clustering configurations .
Fibre Channel is an alternative to HIPPI that provides longer cable distances and data transfer rates up to 800 Mbits / sec .
Fibre Channel is similar to ATM and competes with it .
Fibre Channel overcomes device restrictions , as well .
Fibre Channel transports data coming from devices by simply reading the buffer information , packaging it , and sending it across the fabric .
Fibre Channel uses frame sizes that are 2KB in size .
Field technicians can use portable data terminals in their vehicles and at commercial and residential customer sites to access dispatch and diagnostic information as well as service call , service history , and parts availability data .
Figure A10 illustrates the initial phase and subsequent phase or phases .
FIGURE A10. Internal private ATM network construction .
Figure A13 illustrates the different types and classes of service .
Figure A3 illustrates how a wave is sampled 16 times per second , which implies a sampling rate of 16 Hz .
FIGURE B12. A bridge links Medium Access Control sublayer devices .
Figure B4 shows a hierarchical backup system .
FIGURE B7. Connectionless services do the best they can to deliver frames or datagrams .
FIGURE B9. The components of a thin Ethernet network .
Figure C - 19 illustrates where CORBA fits relative to the OSI and TCP / IP protocol stacks .
Figure C - 8 is a distributed database model in which clients access data located on several servers .
FIGURE D - 10. Routers are use to build networks with multiple connection points and redundant paths .
Figure D - 11 illustrates how a transport layer session is a logical end - to - end connection that spans intermediate devices like routers .
FIGURE D - 11. The transport layer can engage in end - to - end " conversations " across internetworks .
FIGURE D - 13. Data striping distributes data over two or more drives .
Figure D - 18 illustrates how links work .
FIGURE D - 19. Two ways to use public - key technology .
Figure D - 21 shows a rudimentary example of a directory structure for a small - office server .
FIGURE D - 24. Distributed computing has evolved from centralized and client / server computing .
FIGURE D - 25 Access methods in a distributed computing environment .
Figure D - 25 illustrates the many ways computers in a distributed , client / server environment can access one another .
FIGURE D - 31. The IBM Distributed Relational Database Architecture environment .
FIGURE D - 7. The data link layer consists of two sublayers : MAC ( Medium Access Control ) and LLC ( Logical Link Control ) .
Figure E - 12 illustrates a thin Ethernet network , and Figure E - 13 illustrates the components of the wiring system .
FIGURE E - 16. Ethernet 10Base - T wiring closet configuration .
FIGURE E - 2. SET transactions with Microsoft 's Merchant Services .
FIGURE E - 6. An enterprise network as a " plug - and - play " platform .
FIGURE E - 7. Coaxial cable and twisted - pair Ethernet networks .
Figure E - 8 shows the frame for the original Ethernet _ II at the top and the IEEE 802.3 frame at the bottom .
FIGURE E - 9. Ethernet subnetworks in an internetwork configuration Referring to Figure E - 9 , note that the subnetwork on the left has the IP address 100.20.10.x , and the subnetwork on the right has IP address 100.20.11.x .
FIGURE F - 10. Firewalls provide perimeter defenses with choke points , much like medieval castles .
Figure F - 11 and Figure F - 12 illustrate the differences between screening routers and proxy servers , both of which are described in the next few sections .
FIGURE F - 12. Proxy servers hide internal addresses .
FIGURE F - 14. A dual - homed system has two network interfaces .
FIGURE F - 19. A private leased line network compared to a frame - relay virtual private network .
Figure F - 20 shows the details of this connection .
FIGURE F - 20. Details of the customer premises - to - carrier connection .
FIGURE F - 21. Multiple PVCs on the same access line .
FIGURE F - 23. Acknowledgments in X.25 and frame relay .
FIGURE F - 24. The frame format for frame relay .
FIGURE F - 25 Frame - relay circuit activities as charted by Network Health - Frame Relay .
Figure F - 27 illustrates how data from the application layer is handled in the TCP / IP protocol suite .
FIGURE F - 3. Fast IP will attempt to establish a layer 2 connection over a normally routed path , if possible .
Figure F - 7 illustrates the fiber - optic cable structure .
Figure G - 1 illustrates the functional elements of Gigabit Ethernet based on prestandard information obtained from the Gigabit Ethernet Alliance .
Figure G - 2 illustrates this scenario .
FIGURE G - 3.Gigabit switches are tied together with high - performance links .
FIGURE H - 4 : Routers forward packets in hops from one router to another .
Figure H - 5 shows the White House home page and Figure H - 6 shows the source code for the page .
FIGURE I - 12. IP lets you build internetworks and address hosts on the internetwork .
FIGURE I - 13. IP packets across mixed networks .
FIGURE I - 17. Flow detection and virtual circuit setup with Ipsilon IP Switching .
FIGURE I - 2. Communication in IBM host environments .
Figure I - 5 illustrates how IIOP fits into the protocol stack .
FIGURE I - 5. How IIOP fits into the protocol stack .
FIGURE I - 6. Inverse multiplexing over ATM .
Figure I - 7 shows roughly how the Internet is structured .
Figure I - 8 illustrates how the NAPs and MAEs provide traffic exchange points for the national ISPs .
FIGURE I - 8. The Internet backbone hierarchy .
FIGURE I - 9. Pacific Bells San Francisco NAP ( interim ) .
FIGURE J - 1. The Java model for " fat " and " thin " clients .
FIGURE K - 1. Kerberos authentication scheme .
Figure L - 1 illustrates where in the protocol stack the IEEE LAN drivers are located .
FIGURE L - 1.LAN drivers in relation to the protocol stack .
Figure L - 2 illustrates LAN Emulation services running in a single ATM switch .
Figure L - 3 illustrates how two ELANs may exist on the same network .
FIGURE L - 5.LDAP hierarchical naming scheme .
FIGURE L - 6.Private networks using full - length dedicated circuits or frame relay virtual circuits .
FIGURE L - 7.Location of LLC in the protocol stack .
Figure M - 10 illustrates a traditional connection ( a ) and a K56 connection ( b ) .
FIGURE M - 13. A multicast follows a tree of routers from the source to receivers .
FIGURE M - 14. Multiplexing techniques .
Figure M - 17 illustrates how a multiplexor connects internal equipment to a T1 leased telephone line .
FIGURE M - 2. The IEEE - 802. 6 metropolitan area network .
FIGURE M - 6. Currently , the Mbone is a virtual network over the Internet .
Figure N - 11 illustrates the logical configuration of a network communication system .
Figure N - 12 illustrates two ways to build a LAN .
FIGURE N - 12. A linear network design ( left ) and a structured network design ( right ) .
Figure N - 13 illustrates a simple internetwork .
Figure N - 15 ( c ) illustrates a set of router - connected network segments .
FIGURE N - 16. Distributed and collapsed backbones .
Figure N - 17 illustrates the progressive stages of building a switched network .
FIGURE N - 18. Data link connections and network layer functionality .
FIGURE N - 2. Where NDIS fits into the protocol stack .
FIGURE N - 20. The name context used to refer to NetWare files .
FIGURE N - 21. NetWare internetworking protocols in relationship to the OSI reference model .
Figure N - 22 illustrates the structure of the IPX packet . Each field in the packet is described here :
Figure N - 5 illustrates how this directory tree maps into the NDS hierarchical structure and the way you see it when working with the NetWare Administrator graphical utility or other applications that access the NDS database .
FIGURE N - 6. Information about a user in the NDS database .
FIGURE N - 7. The NDS directory tree can map the physical topology of a network .
Figure N - 8 illustrates the protocol structure of a NetBIOS environment .
Figure P - 11 compares the OSI protocol stack to the more common protocols found today .
FIGURE P - 12. Communication process between two separate protocol stacks .
FIGURE P - 13. How data and messages are packaged for transport to another computer .
Figure P - 15 illustrates public - key cryptography in action .
Figure P - 2. Symmetrical multiprocessing and multinode parallel computers .
FIGURE P - 5. Point - to - point and multipoint connections .
Figure P - 6 illustrates how the IXCs establish a POP that is connected into either regional offices or central offices .
Figure P - 8 illustrates how electrical isolation is maintained between two LAN segments , allowing better control over ground and noise problems .
FIGURE R - 5. Novell Directory Services can be partitioned and replicated .
Figure R - 8 can help illustrate a simple addressing scheme .
Figure R - 8 shows a common mesh connection scheme that provides redundancy and multiple paths .
Figure R - 9 illustrates the back panel of an Ascend Pipeline 75 , which can be used to connect an internal Ethernet network to an ISDN WAN link .
FIGURE S - 10.Sprint 's bidirectional , four - fiber SONET ring .
Figure S - 12 illustrates the configuration of a typical HSM system .
FIGURE S - 15.A switch arbitrates traffic flows between attached devices .
FIGURE S - 17.Cisco Catalyst bus architecture .
Figure S - 4 depicts both analog and digital signals , with the analog signal representing the equivalent of the digital signal .
Figure T - 11 illustrates how a token ring network may be configured in a large office or multistory building .
Figure T - 15 illustrates the primary types of cable used for data transmissions .
Figure T - 18 illustrates what can happen to wires that are bent beyond compliance .
FIGURE T - 18. Stressed cable becomes distorted , changing its electrical characteristics .
Figure T - 19 illustrates a phone connection between transport service providers .
FIGURE T - 20. A tunnel delivers packets across an intermediate network .
FIGURE T - 3. TCP establishes end - to - end connections over router - connected networks .
Figure T - 5 illustrates the service areas and facilities of the telecommunication system in the United States .
FIGURE T - 5. Telephone network service areas and facilities .
FIGURE T - 8. Logical hierarchy of a TIA / EIA - 568 - A structured cabling system .
Figure V - 2 illustrates a typical L2TP setup .
Figure V - 5 illustrates how VLANs are configured .
FIGURE V - 5. VLANs overlay the physical network topology .
FIGURE W - 1. There are many ways to build WANs .
FIGURE W - 3. The three - tiered model provides scalable access to back - end data .
FIGURE W - 4. The directory is a service provider .
FIGURE W - 5. The domain tree is a hierarchy of containers .
FIGURE X - 1. Components of an X.400 message handling system .
FIGURE X - 2. An example of an X.500 directory services tree .
File and directory security policies are easy to administer , and use the same paradigm as share - level and user - level security policies in Windows environments .
File and print service features .
File and printer sharing services , it allows sharing of folders , entire disks , and CDROMs .
File caching : Minimizes the number of times the disk is accessed by holding commonly accessed information in memory .
File compression : Increases disk space by up to 63 percent by compressing files as a background process .
File compression is handled in several ways .
File compression squeezes the characters and bit strings in a file down to a smaller size and takes place in software before the file information ever gets to the write head of the hard drive .
File Scan : The right to see the directory and its files by using directory listing commands .
File sharing is a feature that allows users of network - connected computers to make files on their own systems available to other users or to access shared files on other systems .
File synchronization : The Windows Briefcase helps users keep files synchronized .
File systems can be mounted and unmounted at any time .
File transfer Files are copied to PCs where they can be edited using PC applications .
File transfers occur in the background as the meeting progresses .
Filebyfile systems are slow because each file must be opened , copied , then closed .
Files and directories are replicated invisibly on multiple machines to protect against file server failure .
Files are created using simple text with embedded codes .
Files are identified by a number , which depends on the file 's position in the MFT and a special sequence number .
Files are marked with an archive flag so that they don't get backed up in the next backup unless they have been changed .
Files are migrated from the server 's magnetic online storage to the optical disk after a period of nonuse .
Files are transferred between systems by first establishing a connection - oriented session .
Files can be moved around to different systems to adjust loads on servers .
Files may have changed since the last backup and these changes will be lost in the event of a restore .
Files on the backup server move to offline optical disk storage and eventually to tape storage , which is carried offsite .
Files on the Internet appear as local files to users and are accessed using the NFS URL ( Uniform Resource Locator ) format such as nfs : / / server / directory filename .
Files remain available offline , but are accessible to users over the network .
Filter : Provides a way to view only selected packets when analyzing information .
Filtering is used to isolate the voice circuit from the ADSL channels and provides guaranteed uninterrupted phone service over the line .
Filters can be applied to show specific date and time ranges , specified events , file and directory events , or user events .
FIN ( finish ) When set , this bit indicates that the connection should be terminated .
Final testing will involve testing receipt requests and signed and unsigned receipts .
Finally , all objects have properties , with the name being the most important .
Finally , an EOT ( end of text ) command and a CRC ( cyclic redundancy check ) end the frame .
Finally , electronic mail systems use store - and - forward techniques to move e - mail from one user to another across messaging servers , as discussed under Electronic Mail . .
Finally , HotJava Views is a Java - based user environment that provides intuitive " push - button " access to Java applications across the enterprise .
Finally , individual LAN addresses are assigned in the MAC layer .
Finally , resource dispensers maintain a pool of database connections and allocate those connections as they are needed to improve performance .
Finally , systems along the transmission path may impose delays .
Finally , the datagram is passed to the data link layer , where it is fragmented and placed in frames as defined by the network topology in use .
Finally , the OA ( Object Adapter ) helps the ORB to link object implementations with the ORB .
Finally , there are negotiable parameters related to the number of cell errors .
Finally , we get to flow control .
Find another number , d , such that ( ed - 1 ) is divisible by ( p - 1 ) ( q - 1 ) .
Finding and understanding the information in the data warehouse and understanding exactly what the warehouse information means in business terms .
Finding routes in the network and avoiding routes that have failed is the job of routing protocols and routing algorithms .
Finger is a UNIX and Internet - related command that can be used to find out if a user is logged on .
Fires , earthquakes , storms , and theft are all disasters that network managers must prepare for .
Firewall : To control Internet connections .
Firewalls are often described in terms of perimeter defense systems , with a so - called " choke point " through which all internal and external traffic is controlled .
Firewalls have been designed around these two approaches .
Firewire ( IEEE 1394 ) : Supports data transfer rates of 100 MB / sec to 400 MB / sec .
Firewire : An Apple and Texas Instruments specification for connecting peripherals and real - time , full - motion video applications .
Firewire has many similarities to the SCSI ( Small Computer System Interface ) peripheral interface commonly used to connect hard drives to computers .
Firewire is a peripheral connection technology developed by Apple Computer and Texas Instruments .
Firewire is an asynchronous technology that also supports real - time isochronous data traffic such as full - motion video transfers .
Firewire peripherals are daisy - chained from a controller port on a device such as a PC .
Firewire protocols include commands for controlling devices on the bus , including commands for starting and stopping devices like video recorders and players .
Firewire will be a boon in the video production field because it provides a fast interface for not only controlling video devices but for streaming audio / video data to hard disks with little , if any , loss in quality .
First , a message digest ( also sometimes called a hash ) must be created .
First , a modem is required to convert computer digital signals to analog signals for transmission across the local loop .
First , atm uses fixed - size cells for delivering data , as opposed to the variable - size frames used in the LAN environment .
First , distributed processing relates to client / server computing , in which an application is divided into a client portion and a server portion .
First , http indicates that the HTTP protocol is to be used to access the site .
First , it creates many millions of possible addresses out of the rather limited 32 - bit address space .
First , routing is a layer 3 ( network layer ) function while switching is a layer 2 ( data link layer ) function .
First , the industry now commonly calls mailing list programs listservers or LISTSERV , but the latter is a name owned by L - Soft International , Inc . , which makes the LISTSERV mailing list program , originally created by Eric Thomas in 1986 .
First , the IP address for this Web site is needed , so a lookup is performed at a DNS ( Domain Name System ) server that knows about the name and its associated address .
First , the RSA system is based on taking two large prime numbers and multiplying them to produce a key .
First , the sender transmits a frame to the destination .
First , what are the goals , benefits , concerns , and drawbacks of running IP over ATM ? .
First , you should differentiate between ATM switching and LAN switching .
First create a signed message , then create a private message out of the signed message .
First Virtual will then send you an e - mail to confirm the purchase , and you reply to the e - mail with a " yes " to confirm the sale or a " no " to cancel it .
First Virtual 's Internet Payment System operates with ordinary e - mail .
Fitting ATM into existing networks is not easy .
Fixed - size cells can be switched at very high speed .
Flat - file databases are usually inadequate for business applications .
Flat address space : Windows NT accesses all of a system 's memory as a linear block of memory , rather than the segmented memory architecture that was common in previous operating systems .
Flow - control mechanisms are designed to control the flow of data between sender and receiver so that the receiver 's buffers do not overflow .
Flow control : A technique that prevents the sender from sending more information than the receiver can handle at any one time .
Flow control is the major feature that was added .
Flow control provides a way for two systems to actively cooperate in the transmission of data to prevent overflows and lost datagrams caused by fast senders .
Flow controls are available in ATM in the form of ABR ( available bit rate ) class of service , but they only work if ATM is running all the way to the sender 's desktop .
Flow controls are necessary because senders and receivers are often unmatched in capacity and processing power .
Flow controls are used in the data link layer to control flow on point - to - point links and in the transport layer to control end - to - end flow on a routed network .
Flows are identified based on field information in IP , TCP , and UDP headers .
FNC membership consists of one representative from 17 U . S . federal agencies ( for example , NASA , National Science Foundation , Dept . of Education , and Dept . of Commerce 's NTIA ) whose programs utilize interconnected Internet networks .
Following the envelope header is the contents header , which contains To : , From : , cc : , Subject : , and other information that the recipient can read .
Following this analogy , it is useful ( but not a strict requirement ) to have some public entity maintain and publish public keys like the phone company publishes phone numbers .
Following this are the STX ( start of text ) command and the text .
For a discussion of IBM mainframe systems , see the heading " IBM Mainframe Environment . .
For a home or office connection , a circuit starts out on a pair of twisted wires from the caller 's location to a telephone switching center in the local area .
For a PVC , the carrier uses this interface .
For a server installation , this might include the CPU , the monitor , external routers , concentrator units , and wiring centers .
For additional information , visit Microsofts BackOffice Web site ahttp : / / www . microsoft . com / backoffice .
For additional information , visit Open Market 's Web site at http : / / www . openmarket . com .
For additional information about the services provided by specific providers , refer to the Web sites of the companies listed in Appendix A under " Telecommunications Companies " .
For all practical purposes , we refer to a leased line as a private dedicated circuit .
For ATM , the group will continue the transition from the LIS model in RFC 1577 ( Classical IP over ATM ) to the generalized NHRP model , which was previously managed by the IPATM Working Group . .
For businesses , isdn can provide switched circuit connections that are more practical than analog modems and more cost effective than leased lines if the bandwidth requirements vary .
For continuous traffic between two points , dedicated lines or high data rate switching services such as frame relay and ATM ( Asynchronous Transfer Mode ) are recommended .
For corporate users , AT &amp; T provides worldwide switched digital services over an ISDN backbone that provides bandwidth on demand in increments of 64 Kbits / sec up to T1 rates ( 1.544 Mbits / sec ) .
For dataonly traffic in existing Ethernet environments , Gigabit Ethernet is a good choice , but only if you don't expect to integrate data and multimedia in the future .
For digital communication systems , discrete high - and low - voltage values are generated to provide the signaling for binary 1s and 0s , respectively .
For each cable segment , you need one terminator with a ground and one without .
For each PVC , the carrier gives you a specific DLCI ( data link connection identifier ) number that you program into the FRAD .
For Ethernet and token ring network adapters , unique addresses are assigned at the factory .
For every 3dB of signal loss , a signal loses 50 percent of its remaining strength .
For example , 10 - Mbit / sec Ethernet was improved tenfold with the standardization of Fast Ethernet ( 100 Mbits / sec ) .
For example , a branch office of an insurance company can call up imaged documents that are stored at a central office .
For example , a budget director may authorize a million - dollar equipment purchase by digitally signing a document .
For example , a client may log in to a network and be authenticated by a security server .
For example , a company that works with hazardous substances needs to keep accurate records of its activities .
For example , a company 's Chicago division stores the Chicago partition of the database on its own local server while a master copy of the entire database is stored and maintained at the central corporate office .
For example , a company 's home page might have a " product information " option .
For example , a computer on port 1 of switch x can be in the same VLAN as a computer on port 6 of switch y , even though those computers may be in different departments or buildings .
For example , a dial - up line can be used to provide additional bandwidth when an existing dedicated leased - line WAN link becomes overburdened .
For example , a digital signature may hold machine - readable code that makes assertions and endorsements .
For example , a diplomatic officer at a particular level may provide language translation services or technical documentation .
For example , a document might contain a link to a picture or to some spreadsheet data .
For example , a facility that transfers data at night might use two or more available phone lines to transfer a high - speed data stream to another facility .
For example , a fault - tolerant feature called disk mirroring writes data to two disks at the same time .
For example , a file transfer might be broken up into any number of pieces , then transmitted one piece at a time .
For example , a firewall may run network layer packet - filtering services to block packets that have a specific source address or that are for a specific service .
For example , a JavaBean does not need to know SQL ( Structured Query Language ) to access data from a SQL database .
For example , a management application that monitors remote systems for relatively long periods should use connection - oriented services .
For example , a message might carry a request to execute some process in another application .
For example , a network card with a 32 - bit interface typically sends data to a 16 - bit card faster than the 16 - bit card can process it .
For example , a node might be sending excessive packets out on the network .
For example , a path that uses more hops through the network might be preferable if the lines have higher transmission rates .
For example , a phone dialer program lets you enter names and phone numbers in a notepad that can be selected and dialed at any time .
For example , a profile login script can execute commands for a group of managers .
For example , a provider of some Internet service might install multiple Web servers to handle a large number of requests from Internet clients .
For example , a purchasing agent at one company can create purchase orders and send them to a supplier 's Web site for processing .
For example , a query service allows users to search multiple repositories anywhere on the network and a library service provides version and access control to reduce the risk of users working on outdated documents .
For example , a recent shortage of fluorinated ethylene propylene , which is used to create fire - safe insulation for cables , forced some manufacturers to use inferior materials in their Category 5 twisted - pair cable .
For example , a remote monitoring utility may collect statistics about a network segment and deliver it to the primary management station on a scheduled basis .
For example , a repeating sequence of underscore or asterisk characters is replaced with a symbol sequence .
For example , a research laboratory may have a few workstations that need to connect with peripheral devices , superservers , minicomputers , mainframes , and supercomputers .
For example , a server connected to a 100 - Mbit / sec backbone can simultaneously handle ten clients operating at 10 Mbits / sec with ease .
For example , a simple button click can start an extended download that includes graphics and text .
For example , a simple client and server exchange might go as follows .
For example , a station may indicate in a connection setup message that it cannot handle payloads larger than 2,000 bytes .
For example , a stock portfolio management utility automatically updates itself with information from a Web site .
For example , a time interval of 10 seconds must elapse after a voice call is terminated before another voice call can be set up .
For example , a user can " publish " a directory , which allows other clients to access it .
For example , a user could direct the output of a process or file listing to the display or a printer by using the display or printer name in a command .
For example , a user could request a list of servers that provide information on a particular topic .
For example , a user doesn't need to contact the archive operator , who then locates the tape ( or other archive , mounts it , and restores the data ) .
For example , a user may have information such as certificates and keys stored on a PC in her office , but she also needs to securely transfer this information to her Macintosh at home .
For example , a user might be restricted from logging on to any systems that are outside of their work area or from logging on to any system after normal work hours .
For example , a user might be restricted to logging on at a specific workstation or during a specific time .
For example , a user might belong to themanager or administrator 's group , the advisorygroup , and thegolf group .
For example , a user might connect with a Web server and download an object in the form of a Java applet or an ActiveX component that improves the feature set of the Web browser itself or provides some utility that runs inside the Web browser , such as a mortgage calculation program from a real estate Web site .
For example , a user might run an application that locks up the system .
For example , a user might tune into a transmitter that provides continuous stock updates .
For example , a VLAN might be described with these rules :
For example , a voice conversation contains a lot of silence , and graphic images may contain large blocks of white space .
For example , a Web server running on a TCP / IP network such as the Internet has an IP address in this format : xxx . xxx . xxx . xxx / port # .
For example , a white pages server accepts queries from people about other people and their mailing addresses .
For example , a workstation can send a SAP message to a local router to obtain the address of a node on another network .
For example , administrators can manage folders from a remote location ( i . e . , over a WAN link ) .
For example , all the workstations attached to an Ethernet network can communicate with one another ( at least at the network level ) .
For example , an account may be temporarily disabled if a user is on vacation in order to avoid illegal access .
For example , an administrator could create a branch of the tree called White Papers , then create links to all the directories on all the servers in the organization that contain white papers .
For example , an administrator may wish to monitor packet throughput in a router .
For example , an agent in a router can monitor packet transmissions , error conditions , and connections .
For example , an appropriate bridge or router may use a dial - on - demand protocol to automatically dial a switched line if the traffic on the dedicated line exceeds its capabilities .
For example , an authenticated user may only be authorized to log in to a specific workstation during specific hours of the day .
For example , an Ethernet frame is placed inside an FDDI frame and sent across the FDDI backbone .
For example , an HDML statement can instruct a phone to display a prompt and allow the user to enter text .
For example , an HTTP proxy controls Web services , while an FTP proxy controls file transfer services .
For example , an insurance agent could call up an insurance company 's central archives and access old client records without an operator 's intervention .
For example , an internetwork may consist of Ethernet and token ring LANs that are interconnected with an FDDI backbone .
For example , an object might display columnar data sorted on a column selected by a user .
For example , an object running on a client sends a message to an object running on the server by sending a message from its ORB interface to the server 's ORB interface .
For example , an object running on a client sends a message to an object running on the server by sending a message from its ORB interface to the server 's ORB interface .
For example , an operating system provides a set of standard APIs that programmers can use to perform common tasks such as accepting user input , writing information to the screen , or managing files .
For example , an organization can e - mail its request for bids over the Internet to potential bidders and quickly create and change relationships with business partners .
For example , arcserve from Cheyenne Software ( http : / / www . cheyenne . com ) runs on Novell NetWare servers and provides support for NetWare , Windows NT , SCO UNIX , SCO UnixWare , SUN systems , IBM / AIX , HP / UX , and SGI IRIX .
For example , as a mobile user travels from site to site , he or she disconnects and reconnects to remote systems on a regular basis .
For example , assume an internal client wants to access a Web server on the Internet .
For example , assume several LANs are connected via routers to ATM networks .
For example , assume that station B wants to transmit to station N .
For example , assume you replace an Ethernet adapter in a host with an ATM adapter .
For example , assume your company sets up an Internet Web server to provide sensitive documents to its mobile work force .
For example , AT &amp; T owns rights to the 10 MHz radio spectrum band in 93 percent of the United States .
For example , ATM ( Asynchronous Transfer Mode ) networks are connection oriented .
For example , atm can provide a higher level of service to real - time video or audio , ensuring that such transmissions reach their destinations without delays that can cause distortion .
For example , before leaving port , the captain of a submarine is handed a decoder book that will unscramble encrypted radio messages from home port .
For example , changing a subnetwork number updates all the appropriate devices connected to that subnetwork .
For example , components called service providers can be invoked to expose more sophisticated data manipulation and navigation interfaces on behalf of simple data providers .
For example , components that read sensor information in remote computers may report this information at various intervals to a central monitoring system .
For example , consider a customer account balance that is updated at three separate remote databases .
For example , copper resists the flow of electrons , which limits the distance of cables .
For example , data transfer rates to and from mobile devices using the communication systems described later are low , from 8 Kbits / sec to 19.2 Kbits / sec .
For example , date information from different databases may be in a variety of formats but may be reformatted and stored in Julian format only on the staging system .
For example , departmental LANs may normally be connected to different sources of power , which are individually grounded .
For example , edi provides a way for a customer 's computer to place orders for goods with a vendor 's computers , based on reorder levels .
For example , electronic business transactions can involve changes to multiple databases at different locations as well as changes to information on the client 's systems .
For example , ethernet frames are 1,500 bytes and FDDI ( Fiber Distributed Data Interface ) frames are 4,500 bytes .
For example , Figure A9 illustrates the phases of ATM use .
For example , for security reasons , an administrator may not want a computer to be able to set up a connection with some computers on the network .
For example , graphic information may reside in a queue temporarily before being transmitted .
For example , home users dial into their local ISPs ( Internet service providers ) .
For example , if a compound document contains a link to a graphic image that has been updated by someone else , the graphic in the compound document is updated the next time it is opened .
For example , if a file is required for end - of - month reporting , you can have that file de - migrated to magnetic disk the night before running the report .
For example , if a network link temporarily fails , a connection - oriented session does not immediately give up the connection , but attempts to keep it alive until the underlying link is reestablished or until a time - out occurs .
For example , if a packet arrives at a router in a 2K frame and its next hop is over a network that uses 1K frames , the router can fragment the packet to fit the frame size of the next hop network .
For example , if a tape drive jukebox is being controlled , an NDMP server runs to control the robotic arm of the jukebox and to handle the actual tape backup process .
For example , if a workstation user makes a request for local files , the redirector forwards the request to the local operating system .
For example , if data is being written to multiple databases at different locations , a transaction monitor is needed to make sure that all those writes take place .
For example , if separate ATM virtual connections were carried over separate T1 lines , some of the bandwidth on those lines might go unused .
For example , if several departments in an organization need to share the same Web server but you don't want to create a routable link between the departments , you could use this configuration .
For example , if the accounting department is connected to the sales department with a router , then workstations in each department are referred to as hosts ( or end systems ) , and the router is referred to as an intermediate system .
For example , if the hubs in Figure D - 9 are replaced with VLAN - capable switches , workstations A and D could be configured into a VLAN , and workstations B , E , and H could be configured into another VLAN .
For example , if three T1 lines are aggregated , a virtual circuit can be as big as the three T1 lines combined .
For example , if you access some outside service , the proxy server remembers things about your original request , like the port number and source and destination addresses .
For example , if you scan a color picture at high resolution , but your display is not capable of displaying that resolution , you can use a lossy compression scheme , since you won't miss the details .
For example , if you split your network into two subnets , you can have 126 hosts per subnet .
For example , if you tried to build a single LAN for an entire organization , there might be so many workstations attempting to access the cable at the same time that no real work would get done .
For example , imagine logging in to your corporate network from an NC " vending machine " at an airport .
For example , in - house program developers can set up a transmitter that automatically updates the components that users run at their workstations .
For example , in a mirrored setup , corrupted data is written to most disks or servers at the same time .
For example , in a technique called IP tunneling , it 's possible to encapsulate NetWare IPX ( Internetwork Packet Exchange ) packets into IP packets and transmit them over the TCP / IP network as shown in Figure E - 5 .
For example , in a time - sensitive environment , waiting for another user to free up a block of records is impractical .
For example , in Figure A14 , a virtual path connects VPI1 and VPI5 .
For example , in Figure L - 5 , you could execute a search for an object under the BigCorp entry in the database .
For example , in Figure N - 5 , the MIS container could be given rights to the EastDiv container .
For example , in Figure V - 5 , all the computers in the Marketing VLAN might have IP address 100.200.1.x ( where x is a specific number for each workstation ) while computers in the Research VLAN have the IP address 100.200.2.x .
For example , in many small towns , it is possible for someone in the same town to address a letter to someone else in the town by putting only the street address on the envelope .
For example , in the case of a 1K packet , aal would segment it into 21 fragments and place each fragment into a cell for transport .
For example , in two - way communications , the baud limit is 1,200 pulses per second , but by encoding up to 8 bits per baud , a data rate of 9,600 bits / sec can be achieved .
For example , indeo can reduce a 50 - megabyte file to about 9 megabytes .
For example , information on a Web server in New York might be replicated to a mirror site in Los Angeles .
For example , intelsat uses TDMA for its satellite communication systems .
For example , internet e - mail addresses such as name @ company . com are supported .
For example , IP ( Internet Protocol ) is said to be a network layer protocol because it performs the functions defined in the network layer of the OSI model .
For example , it is " well known " that Web servers operate at port 80 , so Web clients always connect with this port when accessing Web servers .
For example , it 's easier to send an electronic mail message to a group called Managers than to each person in that group individually .
For example , joe may have read - only access to a file while Mary has read / write access .
For example , many routers provide both Ethernet and FDDI ( Fiber Distributed Data Interface ) connections .
For example , many wireless LAN products operate in the 2.4 GHz band at a data rate of 1 Mbit / sec to 2 Mbits / sec .
For example , mci upgraded its backbone network , which previously operated at 2.5 Gbits / sec , to Quad - WDM ( four wavelengths ) .
For example , measuring the throughput of an Ethernet LAN with a single user will provide different results from measuring the same LAN with multiple users .
For example , microsoft and Novell implement the CERN proxy services in their own proxy server implementations .
For example , Microsoft NetMeeting is a collaborative application suite that provides multi user applications and data sharing over intranets or the Internet .
For example , microsoft recommends turning off hardware compression on the modem and using its own software compression for RAS ( Remote Access Server ) dial - up connections .
For example , microsoft uses mailing lists when beta testing its products .
For example , Microsoft 's proxy server allows IPX ( Internetwork Packet Exchange ) clients to access the proxy server with special software .
For example , Microsoft 's spelling checker is a component that appears in all of its Office products .
For example , modem rates have been boosted above 1 Mbit / sec in some controlled environments , although these rates are not possible using existing serial ports on most computers .
For example , most financial sites have a portfolio management utility , which you can download to run in your Web browser .
For example , msmq is a storeandforward service that enables applications running at different times to communicate across networks and systems that may be temporarily offline .
For example , Network Computing magazine runs a periodic series called " State of the NOS " where it evaluates different network operating systems for the following features :
For example , nfs is a file - sharing system that takes advantage of existing UNIX file systems .
For example , note slot 3 in Figure G - 4 , which is shaded .
For example , one minute of sampling at 44.1 kHz using 16 bits per sample ( the compact disc specification ) requires 5.292MB of disk space .
For example , one path may be a low - speed link that is used for backup while a more preferable path provides high - speed data transmission .
For example , one processor may handle I / O and another may handle network operating system tasks .
For example , pc users might run Eudora while UNIX users might run Pine .
For example , pin 4 is the request to send line and the DTE uses it to signal that it wants to transmit .
For example , ports 2 , 4 , 5 , and 8 are grouped as LAN # 1 and ports 1 , 3 , 6 , 7 , 9 , and 10 are grouped into LAN # 2 .
For example , ppon initial contact , routers exchange entire routing tables , but later only exchange changes in the table to cut down on network traffic .
For example , proctor and Gamble recently registered a whole batch of domain names , including badbreath . com , dandruff . com , and underarms . com .
For example , products from RadioLAN can transmit up to 120 feet in semi - open offices and over 800 feet in open air offices .
For example , routers in local areas only need to keep track of networks that are in the local area .
For example , setting up a frame relay virtual circuit may require a call to the carrier and a wait of a few minutes to a few days .
For example , SNA ( Systems Network Architecture ) traffic will time - out and cause retransmissions that degrade network performance if it is not delivered promptly .
For example , software from ShowCase Corporation ( http : / / www . showcasecorp . com ) uses a proxy that issues SQL ( Structured Query Language ) commands on behalf of clients to a DB2 database .
For example , some people talk about computers being leaf objects in a hierarchical network .
For example , some users might create their own HTML Web pages for others to access .
For example , sports scores , stock prices , or news updates are put on the page by the Web server software based on the latest information it has available .
For example , stock quotes may appear as a continuously moving banner along the bottom of your screen while the latest news headlines from CNN appear in a window at the top .
For example , streaming video will require a high amount of bandwidth .
For example , suppose you need to send the following message to your broker : " Buy 500 shares of ABC . " .
For example , svcs on frame relay networks can be used to make voice calls across the network .
For example , t1 and T3 streams can be multiplexed into an OC - 1 , and multiple OC - 1s can then be multiplexed into an OC - 3 and so on .
For example , tariffs that controlled interLATA service rates could not be changed without approval from the federal government .
For example , text documents can be sent as faxes .
For example , the accounting or auditing department may require periodic access to information on computers in other departments .
For example , the address of an Ethernet and token ring network adapter consists of a 6byte address , half of which is a special number identifying the board 's manufacturer .
For example ,the analog signals for telephone communication occupy the voice frequency range of 400 to 3,400 Hz 
For example , the content of a Web site can be distributed over several servers but still give users a single directory view of information .
For example , the customer may choose to use the entire line for data and not use the time - slotted channels .
For example , the following refers to a file called BUDGET . XLS in the BUDGDOCS directory on the APPS volume of the ACCTG server :
For example , the highest - speed service requires that customers be within 1,000 feet of the central office .
For example , the Internet eliminates long - distance charges .
For example , the minimum recommended cable type for FDDI is 62.5 / 125 micron multimode fiber - optic cable .
For example , the more advanced methods rely on IP protocols , but networks that use both IP and nonroutable protocols such as NetBIOS may need to use the MAC - based method described next in addition to the IP methods .
For example , the password " Mbiot4oJ " is derived from " My birthday is on the 4th of July . " .
For example , the password Mbiot4oJ is derived from " My birthday is on the 4th of July . .
For example , the PCI bus has a rate of 66 MHz .
For example , the Read right allows a user to open but not change a file , while the Write right lets the user change the file .
For example , the Read right allows a user to open but not change a file , while the Write right lets the user change the file .
For example , the Sidewinder , from Secure Computing ( http : / / www . sctc . com ) , will spoof potential intruders into thinking that they have broken into a secure area .
For example , the throughput of a server depends on its processor type , the type of network interface card , the size of the data transfer bus , the speed of the disk , memory buffer size , and the efficiency of the operating system .
For example , the title is usually a large bold font and the text is a smaller font with occasional underlined or italicized elements .
For example , the tones heard when pressing buttons on a phone travel on the same wire as the voice signals .
For example , the traditional AMPS ( Advanced Mobile Phone Service ) analog cellular system , first deployed in 1982 , uses FDMA .
For example , the transport protocol may send a " pause transmission " message to its peer protocol in the sending computer .
For example , the two 64 - Kbit / sec B channels of ISDN can be combined to form a single 128 - Kbit / sec data channel .
For example , there are services for translating between the Internet 's SMTP ( Simple Mail Transfer Protocol ) mail protocol and other mail protocols such as X.400 , and there are translation services for converting between EDI and non - EDI standards .
For example , there are user account objects , resource objects ( such as printers ) , and directory / file objects .
For example , there are user rights that allow local logon to a computer , logon from the network , the right to create user accounts , and the right to backup files and directories .
For example , they mention that using multiple bastion hosts attached to the perimeter network is OK .
For example , they might have Read permissions through their user account and Change permissions because they are members of a group .
For example , thousands of users access the Dilbert comic site every day .
For example , to contact the president , you would address e - mail to the following address : president @ whitehouse . gov .
For example , to fully interconnect four sites in different cities , you will need six leased lines ( one line from each site to every other site ) .
For example , to fully interconnect four sites in different cities , you will need six leased lines .
For example , to move frames on input port 6 to output port 4 , the slot changer rearranges the slot order so that the number 6 slot is in the number 4 position on the output side .
For example , to set up a teleconference over frame relay , the customer must call the carrier in advance and have a PVC established .
For example , to set up auditing in Windows NT , you open the dialog box pictured next .
For example , traffic on overloaded links can be reduced by increasing the link 's cost .
For example , two collaborative applications from Microsoft are NetMeeting and NetShow .
For example , two devices may be connected over a shared LAN , and thus the data link protocol will need to arbitrate access to the network .
For example , two partners may agree to standardize on Netscape 's SuiteSpot application suite because it is so well adapted to intranet and extranet environments .
For example , type TRACERT www . whitehouse . gov to see a list of router hops to the White House .
For example , unix users can use an FTP - like interface to access shared SMB resources on other servers .
For example , users can be alerted when a form must be dealt with to prevent overdue charges or other problems caused by late processing .
For example , users can lock files or lock individual records .
For example , users in the accounting department often need a trust relationship with the sales department so that they can access daily sales information for accounting purposes .
For example , users of Microsoft Word can exchange documents with users on any other platform where Word runs .
For example , weather information may appear in the right - hand corner of your desktop while stock quotes may banner across the bottom portion .
For example , web browsers can provide access to SNA applications over TCP / IP - based intranets or remote connections .
For example , when an internal user attempts to access the Internet , the proxy server intercepts the request and makes the request itself .
For example , when you tune in an AM radio station , your radio demodulates the radio broadcast from the carrier signal that you dialed into .
For example , Windows 95 's simple security system allows a user to set the security level to read - only , read / write or " depends on password . " .
For example , Windows NT Server builds on the LAN Manager domain model and includes enhancements of its own .
For example , without real - time delivery , the voice may not match the lip movements and may be unintelligible .
For example , x.25 packet - switching networks perform extensive error checking and packet acknowledgment because the services were originally implemented on poor - quality telephone connections .
For example , you 'll often hear about legacy networks ( i . e . , coaxial cable Ethernet ) , legacy databases ( i . e . , databases that hold historical information ) , and legacy software .
For example , you can access Web sites on the Internet by accessing anonymous user accounts at the site that do not require a logon name or password .
For example , you can establish a microwave communication link between two buildings by mounting an antenna in a window of each building and focusing the antennas together .
For example , you can usually block packets that are targeted for a specific service such as FTP ( File Transfer Protocol ) or HTTP ( Hypertext Transfer Protocol ) .
For example , you could click " Sports " to see the latest sports news , or " Financial " to see the latest financial news .
For example , you could install both an Ethernet and token ring card in the server .
For example , you could reserve bandwidth for a videoconference to take place at a particular time .
For example , you could type finger tsheldon @ ntresearch . com to see if I am working at my Web site .
For example , you could use the finger command to trace a hacker or set up a large " decoy " file that requires a long time to transmit , and then track the file transfer backwards over Internet connections to the hacker 's site .
For example , you may enter stock symbols into a form , then get a personalized Web page back from the server that details the current value of your stock holdings .
For example , you might contract for a single VP between the home office and a remote office that contains multiple VCs .
For example , you might want to always track logon failures .
For example , you use it to connect a computer to a modem .
For frame - relay networks , the carrier and the customer negotiate CBS ( committed burst size ) , the maximum amount of data that the network provider agrees to transfer ; CIR ( committed information rate ) , the rate at which the network provider agrees to transfer CBS data ; and EBS ( excess burst size ) , the amount of data that can be sent over the CBS rate assuming extra bandwidth is available .
For heavier traffic , dedicated analog lines or digital lines are necessary .
For historical reference , sql2 was standardized in 1992 and is commonly referred to as SQL - 92 .
For home or small office connections BRI , isdn connects directly to the NT1 .
For information about other transport layer connection and control mechanisms , refer to the Related Entries list below .
For information about the IEEE 802.12 specification , refer to " 100VG - AnyLAN . " .
For information on operating - system security / certification specifications , contact the NCSC ( National Computer Security Conference ) at ( 202 ) 783 - 3238 or visit their Web site at http : / / www . ncsc . com .
For internal networks , administrators create PVCs in advance to direct traffic through specific parts of the network or to reserve bandwidth for special applications such as in - house videoconferencing .
For internal private networks , many believe that Gigabit Ethernet will solve some of the inherent problems of Ethernet simply because it provides much more bandwidth .
For larger businesses that require multiple lines ( PRI ) , an NT2 interface is required .
For later reference , you should know that data passes through the protocol stack in blocks .
For more conceptual information , refer to " Data Communication Concepts " and " Network Concepts . " .
For more detailed information , visit the Microsoft Web site given at the end of this section .
For more history of the TCP / IP protocol suite , refer to " TCP / IP ( Transmission Control Protocol / Internet Protocol ) . " .
For more information , refer to " Wireless Communications " .
For more information , refer to the sites listed below .
For more information , refer to the Web sites listed in the " Information on the Internet " heading in this section .
For more information , see " Internet Backbone " or visit the NSF Web site at http : / / www . nsf . gov .
For more information , see Lotus Domino and Lotus Notes Also visit Lotus 's site at http : / / www . lotus . com .
For more information , see the various topics under the " Sun Microsystems " headings in this book , or visit the Sun site athttp : / / www . sun . com .
For more information , visit the Motif page at The Open Groups Web site , the page address is http : / / www . opengroup . org / tech / desktop .
For more information about CDF , visit the Microsoft or W3C site listed under " Information on the Internet " at the end of this section .
For more information about component techniques , refer to " Distributed Object Computing . " .
For more information about component technology , see " Component Software Technology " and " Distributed Object Computing . " .
For more information about FDDI , visit the Web sites of the major network vendors listed in Appendix A .
For more information about Microsoft directory services , refer to " Windows NT Directory Services . " .
For more information about middleware in general , see " Component Software Technology , " " Distributed Object Computing , " and " Middleware and Messaging . " .
For more information about T1 and T3 lines and their use in wide area network connections , refer to " T1 / T3 " and " WAN " .
For more information about the NetWare network operating system , see " Novell NetWare . " .
For more information about the other standards , refer to the TIA Web site given at the end of this section .
For more information about the structure of the telephone system itself , refer to " Telecommunications and Telephone Systems " .
For more information about these configurations and others , refer to the previously mentioned books .
For more information on gateways , forms , and CGI , refer to specific books on Web server design .
For more information on the procedures and processes implemented in the transport layer , refer to " Transport Protocols and Services . " .
For more information on this location authentication system , contact Peter MacDoran at International Series Research , at ( 303 ) 447 - 0300 ( Boulder , CO ) .
For now , intercompany directory services and the X.500 standard have limited acceptance due to these questions .
For office connections , the ADSL line can carry ATM traffic directly into the carrier 's ATM switching systems .
For one , you can start with the bandwidth you need and work up .
For one thing , it provides more error control and security through encryption .
For outgoing data , the presentation layer translates data from the application layer into a form that is suitable for transfer over the network .
For private company networks , each subnetwork is usually a LAN .
For remote links , the choice of dedicated or dialup lines depends on the traffic .
For security reasons , administrative accounts should be prevented from logging in over the network .
For security reasons , developers can control the behavior of components to a fine degree using rules that determine what resources a component can access .
For security reasons , incoming response packets may be inspected for viruses or possible alteration by an external hacker .
For security reasons , the Java applet does not interact with the native operating system .
For simplicity , look at Figure B6. The bit rate is directly proportional to the frequency of the signal .
For simplicity , the numeric IP addresses of networks , hosts , and routers are replaced with abbreviated letters ( For example , the source resides on subnet A and is called A1 , and router A / B connects subnets A and B . ) .
For technical reasons , increasing the data rate reduces the maximum station - to - station distance , so alternative schemes such as FDDI ( Fiber Distributed Data Interface ) are often employed as a backbone technology when long distance and high data rate are required , such as in campus environments .
For the most part , these are now in place and users are gaining more trust in buying on the Internet .
For the same reason , administrators can restrict the number of users starting a particular program .
For the technically inclined , note how the last byte in the subnet mask adds binary 1s to the mask in the second column .
For the Web site developer , activex controls provide a way to easily manage and update Web content and client systems .
For this reason , networking standards such as Ethernet specify cable types , cable shielding , cable distances , transmission rates , and other details that are known to work and provide relatively errorfree service in most environments .
For this trick , you can reverse the above steps .
For those interested in specifications and working groups , the original working group for IP / ATM was merged with the ROLC ( Routing over Large Clouds ) Working Group to form the new working group called ION ( Internetworking over NBMA ) .
Foreign agent : When a mobile user visits another site and connects to that network , the visited network is known as the foreign network .
Formatting instructions are embedded in a document with the rest of the text , so when you open the source code of a Web page , you see HTML code .
Formerly called the International Telegraph Union , in 1934 , the union changed its name to the International Telecommunication Union to more properly define its role in all forms of communication , including wire , radio , optical , and electromagnetic systems .
Forms are sent directly to the person who is supposed to handle the next step in the procedure .
Fortunately , a database that provides a list of services for users ' convenience can tolerate a few seconds 'delay in getting its updates , unlike other types of distributed databases , such as online transaction processing systems .
Fortunately , in this case SONET and SDH are virtually compatible .
Fortunately , operating systems like Windows 95 support mobile users .
Fortunately , the WinSock 2.0 API provides a way for applications to do just that , as described under " WinSock . " .
Fortunately , there are a lot of choices , but that can complicate the decision process .
Forwarding is the process used by a bridge , switch , or router to move a frame or packet from an input to an appropriate output port .
Founded in 1924 , the EIA is a U . S . organization of electronics manufacturers .
Four tapes are labeled Monday , Tuesday , Wednesday , and Thursday .
Four tapes are labeled Week 1 , Week 2 , Week 3 , and Week 4 .
Four transmission modes can be selected : 14.4 Kbits / sec , 28.8 Kbits / sec , ISDN ( Integrated Services Digital Network ) , and LAN speeds .
Fractal compression : In the fractal compression technique developed by Iterated Systems ( http : / / www . iterated . com ) , images are broken into smaller and smaller tiles as the compression engine ( a dedicated board ) searches for matching patterns in the image using a mathematical transformation that manipulates tiles in various ways .
Fractional T1 is an offering that lets you lease a T1 line in increments of 64 Kbits / sec each .
Fragment offset : Where the datagram fragment belongs in the set of fragments .
Fragmentation is a process that occurs at many places in the communication process .
Fragmentation provides a way to split the database and store it at multiple sites .
Fragmentation takes place in layered protocol stacks and in heterogeneous network environments .
Frame - based networks like Ethernet can also do it as long as the bandwidth is increased and protocol upgrades are made that add QoS services .
Frame - relay networks are basically optimized for speed .
Frame check sequence : Contains error - checking information to ensure the integrity of the frame to the recipient .
Frame control : Defines the type of frame , either MAC ( Medium Access Control ) information or information for an end station .
Frame forwarding : As mentioned , a bridge will forward frames to another network if they are addressed for a device on that network .
Frame relay , on the other hand , eliminates excessive traffic by requiring only end systems to acknowledge receipt , as shown on the right in Figure F - 23 .
Frame relay and ATM networks provide virtual circuit services .
Frame relay assumes that the telecommunication network is relatively error - free and does not require the extensive error - checking and packet acknowledgment features of X.25 .
Frame relay avoids excessive acknowledgments .
Frame relay can help you fully consolidate voice , data , and fax into a single network .
Frame relay does not require the state tables used in X.25 at each intermediate node to deal with management , flow control , and error checking .
Frame relay is a common packet - switched service .
Frame relay is a metropolitan and wide area networking solution that implements a form of packet - switching technology .
Frame relay is a modification to HDLC ( High - level Data Link Control ) , so it is available as an upgrade in some bridges and routers .
Frame relay is a popular choice for building wide area networks .
Frame relay is an excellent choice for organizations that need any - to - any connections on an as - needed basis .
Frame relay is an outgrowth of work done on ISDN ( Integrated Services Digital Network ) .
Frame relay is based on the packet - switching metaphor but operates in the lower level 2 data link layer .
Frame relay is now the most common switching service , although ATM is growing .
Frame relay is one of the most cost - effective WAN technologies available .
Frame relay is usually compared to X.25 , an older packet - switching technology that has been widely implemented throughout the world .
Frame relay is widely deployed .
Frame relay nodes simply look at the packet header destination information and immediately forward the packet , in some cases even before it is completely received .
Frame relay offers many of the same connection - oriented , packet - switched network services as X.25 , but with better performance .
Frame relay provides services similar to X.25 , but is faster and more efficient .
Frame relay takes advantage of reliable networks by reducing the error - checking overhead that was inherent in X.25 .
Frame relay uses statistical multiplexing in which timeslots for carrying data can be dynamically allocated to other users .
Frame status : Provides indications of whether one or more stations on the ring recognized the frame , whether the frame was copied , or whether the destination station is not available .
Frame switches are also known as LAN switches and can be used to build hierarchical structured networks .
Frame switches consist of high - speed switching fabrics in the form of ASICs ( application - specific integrated circuits ) .
Frame switches must have input buffers to hold frames that arrive if the switch port is busy .
Frames are the only way to transmit across subnetworks .
Frames exist in the data link layer and physical layer relative to the OSI protocol stack .
Frames from one LAN are automatically forwarded across a bridge to a connected LAN , but filtering can be employed to selectively forward frames .
Frames have a specific structure , depending on the data link protocol in use .
Frames in the same VLAN are switched at layer 2 .
Frames or cells are encapsulated inside Fibre Channel frames .
Frames provide separate scrollable windows within a Web browser .
Framing Data : is broken up into discrete units that can be transmitted as independent units .
Framing is important because it packages information into distinct units that are transmitted one at a time on the network .
Framing is the technique of grouping data bits .
Framing provides a controlled method for transmitting bits across a physical medium and provides error control and data retransmission in the event of an error .
Frequencies above this range are filtered to avoid noise .
Frequency - division multiplexed channels , in which signals from many sources are transmitted over a single cable by modulating each signal on a carrier at different frequencies .
Frequently occurring words like for and the or character pairs like sh or th are represented with tokens used to store or transmit the characters .
From 1982 to 1984 , the Justice Department finalized its antitrust suit by forcing AT &amp; T to break up and reform into seven regional holding companies called RBOCs ( regional Bell operating companies ) , or " baby Bells . " .
From a management point of view , workflow software can help an organization track how information is flowing and how to better manage that flow .
From CommerceNet you can order Internet business starter kits that help you build and maintain Web sites .
From that beginning , the MBone has grown from 40 subnets in four different countries in 1992 ,to more than 3,400 subnets in over 25 countries in 1997 
From the CO , transmissions are largely digital over fiber - optic cables or microwave transmission systems .
From then on , the IP address is used in all subsequent communications .
From there , customer data is packet - switched to appropriate destinations .
From there , encrypted messages are exchanged between the merchant server , the consumer , and the CyberCash server , as well as the conventional credit card networks , to transfer funds appropriately .
From there , it grew into a sophisticated environment for building Internet and intranet business applications of all kinds .
From there , the telephone system is mostly all - digital .
From this , it follows that factoring is the process of attempting to discover the original key by finding the prime numbers that were multiplied together to create it .
From this exchange , the two can negotiate a payment method .
From this information , routers rebuild their tables by adding new routes or deleting old routes .
From your office , you could send a command to have it record a television show .
Front - end client : These are the end users who access data using PC - based applications such as Microsoft Access and Excel , Lotus 1 - 2 - 3 , SAS , and other data management applications .
Front - end processors provide the connection of terminals and networks to host systems .
FTAM has worked well as a way to bring mainframe information systems into distributed environments .
FTAM is a system in which connection - oriented information about the user and the session is maintained by a server until the session is taken down .
FTAM is an OSI standard that provides file transfer services between client ( initiator ) and server ( responder ) systems in an open environment .
FTAM is designed to help users access files on diverse systems that use compatible FTAM implementations .
FTAM specifies document types as files with straight binary information or text files in which each line is terminated with a carriage return .
FTAM uses the concept of a virtual file store , which provides a common view of files .
FTP clients run an interactive , command - driven , text - based interface .
FTP is an Internet file transfer service that operates on the Internet and over TCP / IP networks .
FTP is basically a client / server protocol in which a system running the FTP server accepts commands from a system running an FTP client .
FTP operates among heterogeneous systems and allows users on one system to interact with another type of system without regard for the operating systems in place .
FTP works across many different files systems , so users must be aware that file types on FTP servers may not be compatible with their systems .
Full - blown management packages use agents to collect information from devices all over an enterprise network and send that information back to a central management station .
Full end - to - end ATM is necessary to create high - performance enterprisewide ATM networks .
Full implementation may take up to 10 years , so there may be some time before you need to consider all the aspects of this new protocol .
Fully digital cellular systems are popular in Europe and other foreign countries and are starting to appear in U . S . markets .
FUNI can reduce hardware costs .
Further , activex controls may provide components that give clients direct access to data servers using protocols that are more sophisticated and efficient than the Web 's HTTP ( Hypertext Transfer Protocol ) .
Further , in the transport layer where TCP operates , the unit of data is the segment .
Further , you can turn routing off and then install Microsofts Proxy Server or some similar firewall - type software that specially controls packets at the application layer which are forwarded between the networks .
Further up are protocols that establish connections and maintain communication sessions between systems , and still further up are protocols that provide network interfacing for applications .
Further up the protocol stack are layers that define how computers connect and reliably exchange information .
Future enhancements : Microsoft is enhancing Windows NT version 5.0 with features such as Windows NT Directory Services .
FutureShare basically turns an AppleShare server into an Internet server and allows clients to access it with FTP , Web browsers , and traditional AppleTalk services .
FutureShare is the latest incarnation of AppleShare .
Gas - powered generators can supply power to servers and workstations when electricity is cut off .
Gateway functions : These provide users with connections to host computers by translating between data formats , communication protocols , and cable signals .
Gateways are application - level devices that can provide more opportunities for monitoring and controlling network access .
Gathering this information not only increases congestion on the network , it also places a large burden on the network management console to gather the information .
Gathering this information not only increases network traffic , it also places a large burden on the network management console to gather the information .
GE Information Services provides packet - switching and high - speed services , as well as asynchronous and synchronous services .
GE Information Services provides packet - switching and high - speed services , as well as asynchronous and synchronous services .
General discussions of telecommunication technologies are outlined in " Circuit - Switching Services , " " Communication Service Providers , " " Communication Services , " and " Telecommunications and Telephone Systems . .
General guidelines for developing distributed database systems are listed here and were originally outlined by Chris J . Date , one of the designers of relational database systems :
Generally , a homogeneous network is a network of components from the same vendor or compatible equipment that all run under the same operating system or network operating system .
Generally , a rate of 8,000 samples per second or higher using 8 bits per sample is adequate for voicequality signals .
Generally , each layer has a specific set of services that it provides to upper layers .
Generally , hdsl is a T1 service that requires no repeaters but does use two lines .
Generally , network application developers decide which type of service their applications will use .
Generally , subscriptions to a list are open to all .
Generally , the antennas need to be pointed at one another , but exact alignment is only critical as the frequency increases and the beam becomes more tightly focused .
Generally , the node that has the token can transmit .
Geosynchronous satellites are placed in high stationary orbits 22,300 miles above the earth , where they receive uplink signals from earth - based transmitters ( or other satellites ) and downlink those signals to earth 
Getting information off database servers and legacy systems is easier because you only need to write a link between the Web server and the back - end system .
GFC ( Generic Flow Control ) : This field is still undefined in the UNI cell header and is not even in the NNI cell header .
Gigabit Ethernet : A gigabit - speed connection method that requires fiber - optic cabling , although copper cabling may become part of the spec in the future .
Gigabit Ethernet allows organizations to scale up their existing Ethernet networks .
Gigabit Ethernet can even exceed the performance of ATM because it uses the same frame size as legacy Ethernet .
Gigabit Ethernet can provide a replacement for 100 - Mbit / sec FDDI ( Fiber Distributed Data Interface ) backbones , and it competes with ATM ( Asynchronous Transfer Mode ) technologies in the private network environment .
Gigabit Ethernet competes with ATM as an ultra - high - speed backbone network choice .
Gigabit Ethernet expands on the Ethernet networks that many organizations already have in place .
Gigabit Ethernet has already made a name for itself as a high - speed alternative to ATM .
Gigabit Ethernet offers existing Ethernet users the ability to improve backbone speeds ( up to 1,000 Mbits / sec ) and maintain compatibility with existing Ethernet networks .
Gigabit Ethernet proponents are counting on increased capacity to make up for the lack of QoS in Ethernet .
Gigabit Ethernet provides a high - performance network solution that is compatible with existing Ethernet networks .
Gigabit Ethernet supports full - duplex mode for switch - to - switch and switch - to - end - station connections and supports half - duplex mode on shared network connections that use repeaters and the CSMA / CD medium access method .
GigaLabs ' I / O Switching approach allows high - performance servers to pump data directly onto the backbone by extending the server 's native I / O bus into the switch fabric .
GigaLabs and other vendors are implementing an interesting server design that specifically targets network I / O bottlenecks .
Given this , an interface is required that can transform client requests to match the target DBMS and that can provide a " universal " interface for any client application .
Given time , a bridge will learn the address of every node on the network .
Global addressing ensures that every network interface card has a unique identifying node address .
Global policy software : This is the software that runs on 3Com 's Gigabit Ethernet products to set policies for applications and network operations .
Goes beyond providing simple white page and yellow page services by providing a wide variety of query , administrative , registration , and resolution needs , as shown in Figure W - 4 .
Gore also proposed the creation of a global digital library that would enable schools and libraries in every country to connect to the Internet .
GOSIP is ( or was as of recently ) a set of standards , adopted by governments , that specify the use of OSI ( Open Systems Interconnection ) standards in the procurement of computer equipment for agencies of a government .
GOSIP was defined in the United States by the GOSIP FIPS ( Federal Information Processing Standard ) , which was issued by the government in 1990 through the NIST ( National Institute of Standards and Technology ) .
GPS ( Global Positioning System ) : This system can verify the physical location of a user anywhere on the planet , thus ensuring that a call is not coming from an unauthorized location .
GPS ( Global Positioning System ) is a satellite system that can locate any GPS transmitter on the planet .
GPS devices can be assigned IP addresses so they are locatable through the Internet .
GPS ensures that the codes are synchronized .
Graded - index multimode cable has multiple layers of glass that contain dispersions enough to provide increases in cable distances .
Graphical administration tool makes it easy to configure volumes , DFS links , and remote DFS roots .
Graphical user interface : In this approach , users may see a graphical directory tree of the organization .
Graphical user interfaces let you zoom in on specific LAN segments and display information about the nodes , bridges , or routers at those locations .
Graphical user interfaces such as Motif have been developed as replacements for text - based shells .
Graphics , Video , and Voice Compression .
Great Circle Associates , run by Brent Chapman , author of the aforementioned book Building Internet Firewalls ( see reference in earlier heading , " High - End Firewalls " ) , has a Web site with firewall information .
Grounding problems are especially prevalent in a network environment because the cabling system can provide a path for ground loops .
Group : An object that defines a group of user objects .
Groups also simplify messaging .
Groups are collections of users or user accounts .
Groups are collections of users that network administrators create to simplify user management .
Groups exchanging topology information are called peer groups .
Groups have names and can include users who work on similar projects , belong to the same department , or even belong to a club within the company .
Groups of files can be compressed into a single file that is much easier to send to another user .
Groups of interest at the site include " Integrated Services ( intserv ) , " " Multiparty Multimedia Session Control ( mmusic ) , " and " Audio / Video Transport ( avt ) . " .
Groups should be defined when planning a network and created before adding any users .
Groupware also comes in the form of bulletin board , interactive conferencing , threaded discussion , and chat room applications .
Groupware coordinates people and processes .
Groupware helps define the flow of documents and then defines the work that must be done to complete a project .
Groupware is software that groups of people use together over computer networks and the Internet .
Groupware provides a unique way for users to share information by building it into structured , compound documents .
Groupware servers can provide information to Web browsers in the form of HTML ( Hypertext Markup Language ) , JavaScript , and component software .
Groupware stimulates cooperation within an organization and helps people communicate and collaborate on joint projects .
GroupWise : A fully integrated messaging system that combines e - mail , personal calendaring , group scheduling , task management , document management , rules - based message management , workflow routing , and electronic discussions .
GSM ( Global System for Mobile Communications ) : Describes the all - digital cellular system being deployed around the world .
GSM ( Global System for Mobile Communications ) : GSM frequency bands are 200 kHz wide and are divided into eight time - division channels .
GSM ( Global System for Mobile Communications ) is a digital cellular system on which emerging applications such as PCS ( Personal Communications Services ) are based .
GSM ( Global System for Mobile Communications ) is the international digital standard used in most PCS systems .
GSM ( Global System for Mobile Communications ) uses TDMA for its access scheme .
GSM frequency bands are 200 kHz wide and are divided into eight time division channels .
GSM is a European system that was designed from the ground up as a digital system .
GSM is an all - digital cellular phone system , as opposed to a traditional analog cellular phone system such as AMPS ( Advanced Mobile Phone Service ) .
GSM is known in the United States as PCS ( Personal Communications Services ) .
GSM is the basis for PCS ( Personal Communications Services ) , an emerging set of services that may transform the wireless landscape .
GSMP is an Ipsilon protocol specification that is designed to control an ATM ( Asynchronous Transfer Mode ) switch .
GSS - API ( Generic Security Services API ) : The GSS - API ( RFC 1508 and 2078 ) is a high - level interface that works to give applications an interface into security technologies such as private and public encryption schemes .
GTE is also involved in CDMA deployment .
Guaranteed on - time delivery is essential for delay - sensitive information associated with videoconferencing , voice conversations , and virtual reality .
Guard bands are used to separate the two duplexed channels to prevent crosstalk and corruption .
Guard bands separate the subdivided transmission bands to minimize interference .
Guest accounts should only be given for access to specific directories and the rights / permissions should be readonly in most cases .
GUI application controls such as buttons , sliders , text fields , color controls , and font choosers .
Guided media : Includes metal wire ( copper , aluminum , and so on ) and fiber - optic cable .
Guided media include metal wire ( copper , aluminum , and so on ) and fiber - optic cable .
H.221 , H.230 , and H.242 define communications and control , while the G.711 , G.722 , and G.728 standards address audio signals .
H.323 is a videoconferencing standard defined by the ITU ( International Telecommunication Union ) .
H.323 is still so new that vendors haven't yet taken full advantage of it , but the industry is changing rapidly .
H.323 promotes multimedia videoconferencing from desktops over LANs , intranets , and the Internet .
H.323 promotes multimedia videoconferencing from desktops over LANs , intranets , and the Internet .
Hackers also attempt to capture passwords that are transmitted across communication channels .
Handshaking is a procedure that establishes a link between systems .
Hard disks provide the performance required to support online data access .
Hardware and software components installed in network systems .
Hardware independence implies support for multi vendor computer systems and platforms .
Have department administrators inform you of users who have left the company or changed roles so that you can remove or alter their user accounts appropriately .
Having enough bandwidth has always been a problem in the WAN environment .
Having reached the application layer , our discussion of network concepts ends .
HDLC ( High - level Data Link Control ) : This protocol is based on the SDLC ( Synchronous Data Link Control ) protocol originally developed by IBM , which was part of IBM 's SNA ( Systems Network Architecture ) .
HDLC is a bit - oriented , link layer protocol for the transmission of data over synchronous networks and is defined by the ISO .
HDLC is a superset of IBM 's SDLC ( Synchronous Data Link Control ) protocol .
HDLC is bit - oriented , meaning that the data is monitored bit by bit .
HDLC is suitable for point - to - point and multipoint connections .
HDLC is used in X.25 packetswitching networks SDLC is a subset of HDLC .
HDLC supports full - duplex transmission in which data is transmitted in two directions at the same time , resulting in higher throughput .
HDML , like HTML , is an information publishing and interaction description language that current HTML developers can learn in a few hours .
HDML differs from HTML in that its fundamental structural unit is a deck of cards instead of a page .
HDML is a complete and freely available language specification similar to HTML ( Hypertext Markup Language ) in concept but designed for developing applications and services for cellular devices .
HDML is a natural extension of the Web .
HDML is like a wireless connection to the Internet .
HDML was developed by Unwired Planet , Inc . as a markup language for pocket - sized devices such as cellular phones and two - way pagers that conform to Internet standards and protocols .
HDSL ( High - bit - rate Digital Subscriber Line ) : HDSL is the most common and mature of the DSL services .
HDSL is one of the DSL ( Digital Subscriber Line ) options that permits high - speed data transmissions over the existing copper - based lines that provide telephone service between most homes and the telephone companies ' central offices .
HDSL requires two twisted - pair lines to run at T1 rates , but will operate at up to 768 Kbits / sec over a single twisted pair .
He argued that the reliability features were not always necessary .
He asked for some space where he could get work done before a plane flight .
He found that about 20 percent of a computer 's instructions did about 80 percent of the work .
He hooked a network analyzer into the connection and monitored traffic on the network .
He or she creates the letter and passes it to an assistant .
He or she may install new servers , create and manage user accounts , manage security , install new applications , manage data backup , monitor performance , and perform troubleshooting .
He or she then controls access to all system resources and information .
He recommended splitting TCP to accommodate " timeliness rather than accuracy . " .
He was eventually arrested , but Citicorp apparently never figured out how he broke into the systems .
Header checksum : Error correction for the header .
Headhunters from competing organizations like this idea .
HEC ( Header Error Control ) : Provides information for error detection and correction of single bit errors .
Help desk management to provide user assistance over the network .
Hence , routing protocols provide dynamic routing configuration .
Here , packet refers to a generic block of information that is transmitted through the mesh from one point to another .
Here are features to consider when evaluating hard drives :
Here are some basic definitions of middleware :
Here are some common settings for access to a directory :
Here are some examples of ways you could use groups :
Here are some expectations and advantages of groupware :
Here are some general policies for controlling viruses :
Here are some of its important features :
Here are some of the advantages in the client / server model :
Here are some of the features to look for in Web - based groupware :
Here are some of the most important features of MOM :
Here are some of the technologies that are part of Netscape 's product road map :
Here are some of the tests that a cable tester should perform :
Here are some of things you can expect protocol analyzers to do :
Here are some points to keep in mind :
Here are some things to consider when evaluating frame - relay services or putting together requests for proposals :
Here are some things to note about circuit - switched services :
Here are the key points of this rotation method :
Here is a list of e - mail products and their vendors ' Web sites :
Here is a list of some of the more important objects available in NDS :
Here is a sampling of some of the vendor strategies or industry consortium strategies for integrating systems :
Here is an example of a URL that retrieves a document called info . html from the White House Web site :
Here is an example of the URL that retrieves a document called INFO . HTM in the public directory of a Web site called www . tec - ref . com :
Here is the procedure :
Here 's an example of how the process works .
Here 's how a digital envelope is created :
Here 's how computer equipment may handle transient energy :
Here 's how it works : When a system sends data , it waits for the receiver to acknowledge the data .
Heterogeneous network environments consist of computer systems from different vendors that run different operating systems and communication protocols .
Hierarchical cabling and network designs provide better troubleshooting and fault isolation .
Hierarchical file systems move littleused files or large image files from online storage to nearline storage systems such as optical disk , where they remain available to users .
Hierarchical networking schemes and centralized management naturally create a structure where traffic flows to a central hub or switch .
Hierarchical systems will move files on optical disk to magnetic disk when requested by a user .
High - end analyzers are capable of handling a variety of network types , including high - speed networks like Fast Ethernet or ATM .
High - end proxy server gateways operate at the upper levels of the protocol stack .
High - end switches are built for speed to support the backbone needs of large organizations .
High - performance computing is a branch of computer science that develops supercomputer and parallel processing technologies , including operating systems and software that runs on supercomputer systems .
High - performance RISC processors improve the performance of the backplane and provide the processing support for more nodes , integrated bridging , routing , and wide area networking .
High - speed , proprietary , fiber - optic connections are required between the server to keep them synchronized .
High - speed bus switch : In this design , ASIC - enabled ports are connected to a high - speed data bus .
High - speed network designs are motivated by the limitations of existing network topologies .
Higher - end routers operate in the 1 - million packet / sec range .
Higher - grade cable such as Category 5 is recommended for future expansion , but Category 3 cable can be used if it is already installed .
Higher - layer protocols add reliability services to underlying networks that may be unreliable .
Higher - layer protocols such as IP and IPX package data into datagrams .
Higher - level certificates may contain more personal information .
Higher - level protocols in the transport layer handle error detection and recovery .
Higher - level software does not need to be aware that multiple links exist .
Higher - throughput links such as ISDN and T1 provide 128 Kbits / sec and 1.5 Mbits / sec , respectively .
Higher bandwidths are susceptible to weather conditions such as rain and fog because the shorter wavelengths are more easily absorbed by water .
Higher grades of cable can be used , such as Category 5 .
Highly summarized data is compact and easily accessible by end users within specific departments .
HiperLAN is a high - speed wireless LAN standard under development by the ETSI ( European Telecommunications Standards Institute ) .
HIPPI can be used to connect peripheral devices or establish connections between processors or supercomputers .
HIPPI is an ANSI ( American National Standards Institute ) standard that grew out of work done at the LANL ( Los Alamos National Laboratory ) .
HIPPI is useful for direct connections to high - performance peripherals and supercomputers , but it is rarely used as a LAN ( local area network ) , although that is possible .
His 80 / 20 rule spawned the development of RISC architecture .
His exploits are outlined in the April 1996 issue of Network Security magazine ( http : / / www . elsevier . com / locate / netsec ) .
His field is required .
His ideas appeared in the August 1945 issue of Atlantic Monthly ! .
His rule spawned the development of RISC architecture , which reduces the number of instructions to only those that are used most .
Historically , the most common MTA has been a daemon called sendmail .
History : Collects statistics at defined intervals for use in historical analysis .
History has shown that bandwidth is quickly consumed .
HMMP clients make requests of HMMP servers .
HMMP is part of the WBEM ( Web - Based Enterprise Management ) initiative , which sets standards for managing networks using browser software .
HMMP is used to access and manipulate the schemas held by HMMP management entities .
Home agent : This is a router on the home network that can tunnel datagrams to a mobile node when it is away from its home network .
Home and business users only need to be concerned about their own " on ramp " to the Internet , which is the link between their site and the ISP .
Home Internet users can now purchase inverse multiplexing modems that let them combine multiple telephone lines to improve throughput . U . S . Robotics recently introduced a router for home users that aggregates two telephone lines to provide throughput as high as 450 Kbits / sec using U . S . Robotics ( now part of 3Com ) 56 - Kbit / sec x2 technology and compression .
Home users are already used to the way that content is provided to them by TV broadcasters .
Home users connect via modems over dial - up lines to an access server at the ISP .
Home users with ISDN ( Integrated Services Digital Network ) connections can aggregate two 64Kbit / sec lines into a single 128Kbit / sec line .
Hopefully , the Internet 's bandwidth will increase to support the use of RSVP .
Host : Collects information and provides statistics based on MAC ( Medium Access Control ) addresses .
Host A ( the sender ) sends a TCP segment to Host B with the SYN flag set to 1 and the ACK flag set to 0 .
Host A can now acknowledge to Host B that it received its acknowledgment .
Host A must assume that Host B did not receive its transmission , so it retransmits the segment .
Host A sends a FIN = 1 to Host B .
Host B stores the sequence number and returns a segment to Host A in which both the SYN and ACK flags are set to 1 .
Host B then responds with ACK = 1 and FIN = 1 and Host A responds to that with ACK = 1 .
Host C1 sees the frame on the network as being addressed to it , accepts the frame , and processes it .
Host identifier : Indicates a specific computer on the network .
Hosts A1 and A2 are on network A and Host C1 is on network C .
Hosts and routers contact the ATMARP server when they need to resolve IP addresses into ATM addresses .
Hosts can have their normal class A , B , or C address along with one or more class D addresses .
Hosts communicate directly with other hosts on the same LIS but must go through a router to communicate with hosts on other LISs .
Hosts send new news articles they receive to other hosts , which in turn forward the news on to other hosts that they feed .
Hosts that want to receive the datagrams are then assigned the same multicast address ( along with their regular IP address ) .
Hosts use the protocol to inform the local multicast router that they want to receive transmissions from a particular multicast group or that they no longer want to receive messages from a group .
HostTopN : Collects information about which hosts are transmitting the most traffic .
Hot Fix : Detects and corrects disk defects by automatically marking potentially bad sectors as unwritable .
HotJava Views is a user environment that according to Sun " provides intuitive ' push - button ' access to Java applications across the enterprise . " .
HotJava Views runs on top of JavaOS and on servers that contain the Java Virtual Machine .
How are systems broken ? .
How can you be sure the key has not been compromised ? Asymmetric schemes solve this problem , as discussed in a moment .
How components are configured .
How do you interconnect multiple LAN segments ? The network at the top in Figure B14 must transmit packets from the left segment through the middle segment to reach the right segment .
How do you know the public key you 've obtained is authentic and not some spoofed key that will let someone else view the information you have encrypted ? Certificate authorities , or CAs , solve this problem .
How does a station know which circuit to use when sending a message to another station ? .
How does one computer on a network connect with another computer ? The procedure on TCP / IP networks appears simple but involves a number of underlying processes and parameters .
How well the components are working .
How workgroups and domains apply to Windows NT is outlined here :
However , a growing number of computer systems on the Internet are IP multicast - enabled .
However , a leased line may also be established on the physical wire that runs from a customer site to the local switching office .
However , a letter addressed to someone in another town will require the city , state , and ZIP code on the envelope .
However , a list administrator or owner can screen subscribers , drop subscribers that are being rude , or perform other management functions .
However , a new protocol called IMAP4 ( Internet Mail Access Protocol , version 4 ) is replacing POP in many installations .
However , a No Access permission from any source denies access to the file or directory , no matter what other permissions are granted .
However , a packet on one LAN must make a minimum of two router hops to reach another LAN .
However , a system can listen to broadcasts on the medium , even its own , and determine if the frames were transmitted .
However , a typical enterprise network has a diversity of operating systems , applications , and data formats that restrict the free flow of information .
However , a weakness in a system might reduce the number of keys that need to be tried , thus making an attack feasible .
However , acknowledgments can reduce performance on a network .
However , administrators ( and users to some extent ) can override the default login script by creating a personal login script .
However , administrators can " block " inherited rights to prevent users from access to specific directories in a tree or to set custom rights as appropriate .
However , administrators can block inherited rights to prevent users from accessing specific directories in a tree .
However , all this back - and - forth communication adds excessive delay during satellite transmissions .
However , allatm networks are rare .
However , although the ISO has defined a set of protocols that follow the model , they are not part of the OSI definition .
However , amps is wellestablished all over the U . S . , and CDPD is available as well in most of those areas .
However , an alternative scenario that provides better security can be implemented with Web technologies .
However , an SNMP network management console must continually poll the SNMP agents to obtain information and store it for historical purposes .
However , applications see only the framebased LAN and have no way of talking to the ATM network so they can specify the QoS levels available in ATM .
However , applications such as Microsoft NetMeeting provide some insight into how an application itself can optimize bandwidth usage .
However , arcnet networks still exist in many small offices .
However , ascii does not support document formatting , such as page layout , paragraph alignment , and font selections .
However , ATM 's fixed cell size provides predictable throughput , which is critical for live audio and video .
However , B - ISDN can implement virtual circuits in its cell streams .
However , bacp works in conjunction with PPP Multilink to provide dynamic channel aggregation .
However , because the distance between the customer and the access point is small , charges are minimal when compared to running a dedicated circuit end to end since such circuits carry distance charges .
However , because the network is shared , users may experience delays during heavy traffic loads .
However , business partners need to be especially careful when setting up such relationships because they may be exploited by internal employees that have special access to systems that make hacking easy .
However , class C networks are rapidly being assigned , creating a Internet with millions of networks .
However , cmip acceptance has been slow , and few CMIP products exist .
However , collisions do occur if two stations happen to transmit at the same time .
However , compression and signaling schemes are being developed to boost data rates to above Category 5 levels , but these schemes require additional processing power in network devices .
However , creating a startup configuration file for every diskless workstation on a network can be a daunting task , especially if the information changes often , as it might for mobile users .
However , CSMA / CD was retained to maintain compatibility with existing Ethernet standards .
However , current TCP / IP transmission methods are not a good match for satellite transmissions .
However , cut - through techniques are often used to boost performance .
However , DAP ( Directory Access Protocol ) , DSP ( Directory System Protocol ) , and DISP ( Directory Information Sharing Protocol ) are also supported .
However , dap requires the full OSI protocol stack and more computing resources than are available in many common desktop systems .
However , data rates on X.25 were slow .
However , des has shown its age , as mentioned previously .
However , distributed components require different management strategies .
However , do not merge the bastion host and the interior router .
However , doing so is not an easy task because most legacy networks do not have built - in features for prioritizing traffic .
However , doing so puts you at risk of catastrophes such as earthquakes and fires .
However , early on , it was difficult for PC , UNIX , and Macintosh users to simply exchange files , even when connected to the same network .
However , encoding techniques are employed to make 1 baud or signal change represent 2 or more bits .
However , excessive SAP messages can sap network throughput .
However , explicit privileges can be assigned to override inherited privileges  they travel with the folder .
However , extranets usually involve allowing a whole company or workgroups at that company to access databases and proprietary information like engineering drawings or customer lists .
However , Fibre Channel can also be used to build networks with a number of user workstations .
However , firewire has a much higher data rate and uses different cabling technology .
However , following C2 can help you implement more secure systems .
However , for true security , additional steps are needed as discussed in this section .
However , having a router reserve resources may mean that some users get privilege , so policies and administrative control will be required .
However , I - PNNI edge devices are more expensive because they need the circuitry and software to perform routing calculations .
However , ibm and other mainframe vendors continue to sell these systems , although they look and operate quite a bit differently than their ancestors .
However , if a router is used to join LAN segments , each segment retains its independent network status .
However , if both parties are sitting at their desks and not moving much , the slow frame rate won't have much impact , and low - cost videoconferencing is fine for these " talking head " meetings .
However , if the cable itself is disconnected from a T - connector , the network will stop working .
However , if the end systems can establish a Fast IP connection between end systems , then layer 2 switching is used ; otherwise , the layer 3 connection is retained .
However , if the entries are invalid or the network interface card in the local server or default gateway changes , the permanent entry remains unless updated by an ARP from the server or default gateway .
However , if you need to send an encrypted message to someone you have never met , you need to figure out a way to exchange keys in a secure way .
However , in both cases , a single Ethernet signal is carried to all stations at once .
However , in doing so , special protocols are required to ensure that real - time information gets through .
However , in the early 1990s , ibm aborted its efforts to market operating systems based on the Mach kernel due to technical problems .
However , increases in capacity and throughput of the other formats are allowing them to compete with DLT .
However , Intel 's plan specifies the management of fully configured PCs and NetPCs .
However , IP 's success is attributed to its connectionless nature , which works well on heterogeneous interconnected networks .
However , ip is not the only protocol under consideration .
However , ip is not the only protocol under consideration .
However , Ipsilon 's IP Switching discards the connection - oriented nature of ATM and integrates fast ATM hardware directly with IP , thus preserving the connectionless nature of IP .
However , isps connect their routers directly to the Internet exchanges .
However , it can be a security risk if it is not properly configured .
However , it has various electrical characteristics that impose restrictions on its use .
However , it is different from IP in many ways :
However , it is much easier to assign the rights to groups , and then add users to the group .
However , it is not recommended that another high - speed network be used on the pairs .
However , it supports only asynchronous transfers , not synchronous transfers .
However , it was found that adding security would make the new version incompatible with the original SNMP protocol .
However , its also possible to bypass this hierarchy and connect directly to Internet switching points .
However , LAN - based database servers use client / server models in which the processing load is divided between the back - end database server and the front - end client .
However , legacy LANs and ATM are quite different in their operating characteristics .
However , like H.323 , the standard H.324 is still new enough that interoperability among vendors ' products isn't assured .
However , looking at the layer 3 address can cause performance problems .
However , madge and other vendors that support CIF stress that CIF is a transition solution that can help organizations move to ATM while taking advantage of existing legacy LANs .
However , many administrators prefer the physical division of networks that routers provide .
However , many feel that the technology is " too little , too late . " , in fact , the IEEE is already working on a 10 - Mbit / sec enhancement .
However , many organizations are not ready to expose their internal employee and resource lists to outsiders .
However , MILNET ( military network ) was spun off from ARPANET in 1983 .
However , moss is difficult to implement and use .
However , most messaging systems are proprietary , while most ORBs follow the CORBA standard .
However , most modern networks are so reliable that acknowledgments are usually disabled , so this alternative NAK method will not work .
However , most operating systems also allow users to access disk drives located on other network computers and to share or " publish " directories on their own systems .
However , most organizations are not ready to switch their legacy LANs over to ATM networks , which requires replacing network interface cards in workstations with ATM cards .
However , most routers support both static and dynamic routing .
However , most vendors also retained or added TCP / IP and Internet standards .
However , most vendors are now targeting LDAP ( Lightweight Directory Access Protocol ) , an IETF standard directory service that has its roots in X.500 but runs on the TCP / IP protocol instead of the OSI protocol .
However , mts extends these methods into the component - based software arena by providing a development environment for building transaction - enabled applications with ActiveX components .
However , much of the bandwidth will be taken up by acknowledgments .
However , multiple channels operating at different frequencies can be multiplexed onto a fiber cable to make more efficient use of the cable .
However , narrow band radio transmissions have problems with radio reflections and certain frequencies are regulated by the FCC .
However , Netscape 's products have only recently been introduced .
However , network traffic will inevitably increase as users request delivery of content that may be largely unnecessary to their day - to - day activities .
However , new technologies that use lineencoding have appeared to provide very high data transmission rates over the local loop , including ADSL .
However , nist has indicated that it may not extend that status past 1999 .
However , not all systems are object - oriented , especially legacy systems , so ORBs may be limited in some environments .
However , of the two systems , tdma appears to be superior in actual usage .
However , one auditor can track all events if necessary .
However , one problem with a stripped - down NC that does not have a disk drive is that mobile users cant carry information with them and must download that information from corporate servers whenever they need it .
However , opendoc developers have moved to JavaBeans , an object container technology specifically designed for Java and the Web .
However , peer - to - peer environments usually lack the security and access controls that are necessary in corporate environments .
However , posix is not just a standard for UNIX .
However , removing routers has drawbacks , especially if the network is large .
However , routers are expensive , so this approach is not really cost effective .
However , routers are usually more suitable for this task .
However , sap broadcasting can add unnecessary traffic to networks , especially if servers are using other services to locate devices on the network , such as NDS ( Novell Directory Services ) .
However , sendmail is hard to administer and is a known security problem .
However , service providers do market frame relay as a connection - oriented network by selling PVCs ( permanent virtual circuits ) .
However , since your original message was altered , the hash value your broker obtains is different and your broker considers the message fraudulent .
However , smaller ISPs inevitably need to use the services of the larger ISPs , which creates an unbalanced relationship .
However , sna protocols are not routable and APPN and TCP / IP do not mix .
However , snmp is not out of this picture .
However , so - called stealth viruses are able to spoof the preinfected file size of a document so it appears that nothing has changed .
However , some feel that this approach is less secure than hardware tokens because the software system could be more easily compromised .
However , some mail list exploder , recipients may choose to have messages sent in digest form , which means messages are bundled in a package and sent once per week .
However , some modem vendors use both V series and MNP .
However , some network operating system vendors such as Novell based their own directory services on X.500 .
However , some service providers " overbook " the capacity of their networks , which can cause delays when traffic is heavy .
However , special encoding schemes are used to more efficiently transmit signals .
However , ssl encrypts all data being passed between client and server at the IP socket level .
However , sta does this by blocking one path until it is needed .
However , stateless systems are inefficient if the client needs to make a large number of requests from the same server .
However , stations that are separated by at least one cell may reuse frequencies , and this provides expansion of the system .
However , stored messages are not real - time voice , so there is no concern about having enough network bandwidth to ensure real - time delivery .
However , systems must wait a fraction of a second for the beginning of a time slot before they can transmit .
However , tcp adds connection - oriented services on top of IP .
However , tcp is considered a superior protocol for large internetworks and is now used globally .
However , tests have shown that slotted ALOHA has a performance advantage .
However , the " connection " is virtual because the messages that make up the conversation are not exchanged directly between the two layers but are put in packets and delivered as frames across the physical layer .
However , the 56 - bit key size of DES is now considered insecure .
However , the 80 / 20 rule no longer applies for most networks .
However , the bridge must first learn the address of each connected network by forwarding packets from one side of the bridge to the other and listening for a response from the destination .
However , the data created with systems that use these protocols is not always easily accessible .
However , the differential bus pushes down the number of devices supported on the bus to as few as four devices .
However , the DLCI leads to that destination .
However , the first Ethernet hubs were simple repeaters , which meant that all attached stations still vied for access to a shared network .
However , the IEEE 802.9 committee is working on a 100 - Mbit / sec version of the standard .
However , the interface between a private ATM switch and a public ATM switch uses UNI , or more precisely public UNI .
However , the Internet , a packet - switched network , cannot provide a dedicated end - to - end circuit for a voice call like the telephone system can .
However , the key may be compromised during transit .
However , the latest trend seems to be to install TCP / IP throughout the entire network and all the way up to host systems .
However , the level of control over who can access files is much greater with sophisticated network operating systems like Novell NetWare and Windows NT .
However , the more bits used , the more disk space required for storage or bandwidth for transmission .
However , the ORB is really just a set of interfaces that interact with one another to provide object - to - object communications .
However , the OSI protocols have not gained worldwide acceptance and do not appear to be viable for anything other than a reference model at this writing .
However , the other encryption scheme  private - key ( also called secret - key ) cryptography , where data is encrypted with a single key  is a better choice for personal / local encryption , such as hiding passwords , encrypting information stored on disk , and transmitting information to a branch office over a secure channel .
However , the phone companies found that installing and maintaining repeaters was costly and inefficient , so they developed a signaling scheme called HDSL ( High - bit - rate Digital Subscriber Line ) that provides T1 or greater transmission rates over copper wires without the need for repeaters .
However , the richer the microcode set , the slower the performance .
However , the rules that you can define for routers may not be sufficient to protect your network resources .
However , the same frequency can be used by another cell elsewhere in the general area , as long as there is a buffer zone of at least one cell .
However , the service is inexpensive and was originally designed for the consumer market .
However , the specification was deficient and newer standards have been developed , as discussed under " PKI ( Public - Key Infrastructure ) . " .
However , the staging approach provides a number of benefits , including security and client access to data that is tightly controlled by data analysts or data managers .
However , the systems use a shared bus that can bog down under heavy loads .
However , the technique is acceptable for some applications .
However , the term " push " is used loosely .
However , the topology and token - passing method are different .
However , the traditional Web protocols such as HTTP ( Hypertext Transfer Protocol ) and HTML ( Hypertext Markup Language ) are best for Web publishing , not running mission - critical applications over the Web that require transaction monitoring .
However , the underlying communication system may be cell , frame , or packet switched .
However , the upstream transmission from the user remains slower to allow for higher speeds in the download channel , which is preferable to Internet users since most information is downloaded .
However , the URL in the browser gives no indication that you have changed servers , only that the information appears to located in a subdirectory of the home server .
However , the window should not get too large , otherwise , the receiver will get overloaded and start to drop frames .
However , the wireless LAN market has been weak because data rates were below 2 Mbits / sec for most products .
However , the X.500 goal is to make all users on global networks accessible using directory services .
However , there are limitations .
However , there are only so many slots in this orbit , and all the slots are taken above the most important areas of the earth .
However , there are some restrictions and your speed may vary :
However , there are three major types of firewalls that use different strategies for protecting network resources .
However , there is a growing need to store more than text and numbers .
However , there is a trade - off in doing this .
However , these controls are usually designed to protect files from accidental erasure .
However , these entities don't have a direct line of communication between one another .
However , these frames cannot be reliably sent to other networks because those other networks probably use different framing formats , access methods , and addressing schemes .
However , these LANs have limited distances .
However , these protocols are really only appropriate for Web publishing , not running sophisticated mission - critical applications over the Web that require transaction monitoring .
However , they may be surrounded by urouters that do not know how to handle multicast packets .
However , this activity takes place at the data link and network level .
However , this approach is slow and somewhat limited in functionality .
However , this doesn't work on large networks like the Internet where people have their own preferences for applications .
However , this feature can affect performance and is not yet widely available .
However , this is very inefficient , and encoding schemes are often used to improve throughput .
However , this method is inefficient for long transmissions that require many frames .
However , this model required users to keep track of the contents of servers and distinguish among them .
However , this parity technique does not provide protection if multiple drives fail .
However , this range is currently limited to LAN use because it has limited range , even with increased power outputs .
However , this requires that servers in an NC environment be very powerful devices .
However , this strategy has limitations .
However , to date it has only served as a very useful model for discussing how other more popular protocols operate and work together .
However , to interconnect every site in an efficient way , you 'll need to set up a leased line configuration like that pictured on the left in Figure F - 19 .
However , token ring networks avoid this problem by implementing special bypass circuitry in the MAU that can quickly reestablish the ring if a station goes offline unexpectedly or if a cable to a workstation is cut .
However , traffic at layer 3 does not explicitly identify itself as a long stream that might be worth switching , so the layer 3 protocol must identify a stream , usually by inspecting the contents of datagrams .
However , traffic flowing from the segment on the left crosses the intermediate network segment and adds unnecessary traffic to it .
However , transmission rates are low , typically under 19.2 Kbits / sec , and interoperability among systems can be problem .
However , users can copy the files to their own system and change them there .
However , users in the sales department don't need a trust relationship with the accounting department , because the information on the servers in accounting is none of their business .
However , vendors are working to integrate these systems as the number of mobile computer users increases .
However , vendors of Internet VPN products have gone to great lengths to ensure security and privacy .
However , virtual circuits through packet - switched networks , as shown in Figure P - 5 , simulate a single point - to - point link to the end systems that use them , even though the connections may consist of multiple physical point - to - point links .
However , wans are notorious for their high cost and slow data rates , especially if long - distance leased lines are required .
However , Web - based management tools are straying from the traditional SNMP ( Simple Network Management Protocol ) management protocols .
However , when users hit the road , they can lose contact with the people and resources they are accustomed to working with .
However , with the proliferation of the Internet , most administrators feel this approach is unsuitable and that Internet protocols should form the basis of messaging throughout their organizations .
However , x.500 has not been fully adopted .
However , you 'll need more tapes and more time for backup since all the selected files are backed up .
HP - Convex Exemplar SPP - 1200 : A cache - coherent , numa supercomputer based on the HP PA - RISC 7200 processor .
HP - Convex Exemplar SPP - 2000 ( X - Class ) : A cache - coherent , numa supercomputer based on the HP PA - RISC 8000 processor .
HPCs ( high - performance computers ) and supercomputers are discussed under " Supercomputer . .
HPFS ( High - Performance File System ) : This file system was first introduced with OS / 2 when Microsoft was working on the project with IBM .
HPR also provides better performance than ISR because it eliminates the need for intermediate routers along a path to get involved with detecting and recovering errors or managing the flow of data .
HPR handles routing around failed nodes and avoids the packet overhead handled by network nodes to improve performance .
HPR is an internetworking protocol designed by IBM as an upgrade to its APPN ( Advanced Peer - to - Peer Networking ) protocol .
HPR provides high - end routing features that its predecessor , ISR ( Intermediate Session Routing ) , does not have .
HSM is a strategy that moves little - used or unused files from fast magnetic storage to optical jukebox devices in a process called migration .
HSM optical devices are commonly referred to as jukeboxes .
HSM systems are designed for the following circumstances :
HSSI has a synchronous data rate of up to 52 Mbits / sec .
HSSI is a high - speed interface for connecting routers and multiplexors to high - speed communication services such as frame relay , SMDS , and ATM .
HTML ( Hypertext Markup Language ) , the markup language used for Web pages , is related to SGML , except that everything is stored in a single document .
HTML developers will be familiar with the coding .
HTML Developments and Extensions .
HTML documents also hold objects such as buttons or icons that automatically launch program code or database queries , or execute ActiveX controls and Java applets .
HTML documents can contain hyperlinks to other places in the same document , to other documents at the same Web site , or to documents at other Web sites .
HTML documents have the filename extension " HTML " or " HTM " .
HTML is the document formatting language .
HTML is the language used to create Web pages .
HTML is the page description language for the Web .
HTML Math can display intricate mathematical expressions and technical notations .
HTML now includes support for tables with row and column information .
HTML provides the document with formatting instructions that control how a Web page displays on a browser .
HTTP ( Hypertext Transfer Protocol ) and IIOP ( Internet Inter - ORB Protocol ) , are used to link components .
HTTP 1.1 includes more stringent requirements than HTTP 1.0 to ensure reliable implementations .
HTTP 1.1 is described in RFC 2068 , which is available at .
HTTP cannot provide the integrity that is needed to perform such transactions .
HTTP fails at providing an adequate environment for running complex client / server applications over the Web because it does not provide state management .
HTTP has been in use on the Web since 1990 .
HTTP is a fast and efficient communication protocol that controls many different operations that take place between the Web browser client and the server .
HTTP is inadequate for running advanced client / server applications , so the server updates the client with software that allows it to establish stateful connections directly with the back - end server , using protocols such as IIOP ( Internet Inter - ORB Protocol ) .
HTTP is responsible for processing those links and providing a client / server communication protocol in general .
HTTP is the client / server protocol for the World Wide Web .
HTTP is the command and control protocol that sets up communication between a client and a server and passes commands between the two systems .
HTTP is the command and control protocol that sets up communication between a client and a server and passes commands between the two systems .
HTTP is the language that Web browsers and Web servers use to communicate .
HTTP sets up the connection between the client and the server , and in many cases that connection must be secure .
HTTP uses the TCP ( Transmission Control Protocol ) to transport all of its control and data messages from one computer to another .
HTTP version 1.1 offers new features that add persistent connections and pipelining to make the connections between Web browsers and servers more efficient .
Hub : The hub ( also called a concentrator ) often has up to 12 ports .
Hubs and switches are the building blocks of structured networks .
Hubs are also classified as stand - alone , stackable , and modular :
Hubs can be attached to coaxial or fiber - optic backbones to become part of larger Ethernet networks .
Hubs that use multiplexed bus designs support the creation of logical networks that overlay the physical network .
Hum : Hum is high - order harmonics caused by neutral - to - ground connection problems .
Hum can cause transmission errors in data communication lines .
Hundreds of companies are developing Java tools , libraries of code , and other enhancements to speed application development .
Hybrid devices are also available that run X - Window applications or operate as Windows terminals , such as devices from Boundless Technologies , Neoware Systems , and Network Computing Devices .
Hydra also includes a remote protocol that allows a Windows NT " Hydra " client to connect to the server .
Hydra delivers 32 - bit Windows applications to " thin " clients , NetPCs , and legacy desktops , including UNIX , Macintosh , and older Windows - based PCs .
Hydra delivers 32 - bit Windows applications to " thin clients , " NetPCs , and any legacy desktop , including UNIX , Macintosh , or older Windows - based PCs that cannot be upgraded to 32 - bit Windows due to hardware limitations .
Hypermedia and hypertext is nonlinear information , presented to users in a way that lets them jump from one reference to another with the click of a button .
Hypermedia is all about hyperlinking : while browsing through a hypermedia document , you can select a link and quickly jump to a reference or another source of information , then jump back and continue reading where you left off .
Hypermedia refers to documents with text , audio , video , images , graphics , animation , or other active content .
Hypertext and hypermedia are interactive navigation tools ; mouse clicking on a hypertext or hypermedia link takes the user directly to the desired Web document .
Hypertext is basically text information and hypermedia is both text and multimedia ( graphics , sound , video , animation , etc . ) information .
Hypertext is nonlinear text .
Hypertext refers to documents containing only text .
I - PNNI ( Integrated - Private Network - to - Network Interface ) : I - PNNI is not really an IP over ATM specification .
I - PNNI alters this approach as follows : Edge devices perform their own route calculations and exchange routing information with other edge devices .
I - PNNI extends this capability to end systems .
I - PNNI includes additional features that support the use of IP on an ATM network that uses PNNI .
I - PNNI is an emerging routing protocol that is based on the ATM Forum 's PNNI standard that allows ATM switches to communicate with one another .
I - PNNI is based on PNNI , an approved protocol that ATM switches use to communicate routing information .
I 'm not sure if Ted Nelson was thinking about the Internet when he came up with these ideas in 1980 .
I heard Nelson speak about Xanadu in the early 1980s and how it would handle copyright laws and payments to authors for referenced works .
IASGs ( Internet address summarization groups ) are groups of network addresses that define VLANs .
IBM - compatible PCs , Macintosh , and UNIX systems are part of the DMI plan .
IBM 's APPN ( Advanced Peer - to - Peer Networking ) provides peer - to - peer networking services in the IBM environment , so gateways became less of an issue .
IBM 's Open Blueprint is a standards - based architecture for building , deploying , and managing applications in a distributed environment that includes new applications running on computing platforms from different vendors .
IBM 's traditional customers began shying away from proprietary systems .
IBM 3745 also supports IBM SNA ( Systems Network Architecture ) networks and public packet - switched networks ( with appropriate software ) .
IBM AIX is built around the Carnegie Mellon University Mach operating system .
IBM also provides the IBM DSS ( Directory and Security Server ) for OS / 2 WARP , which is OS / 2 Warp 's implementation of The Open Group 's DCE ( Distributed Computing Environment ) , a set of distributed services for building distributed applications across multiple platforms .
IBM also submitted CPI - C to the X / Open organization ( now The Open Group ) , which adopted it as a standard for developing client / server transaction - processing applications .
IBM and other vendors promote technology that provides SNA access via Web browsers .
IBM and other vendors promote technology that provides SNA access via Web browsers .
IBM AS / 400 minicomputers , IBM 6611 routers , and 3174 terminal controllers are devices that can serve as NNs .
IBM began operations in 1911 as the Computing - Tabulating - Recording Co . ( CTR ) .
IBM calls the system a superserver , which fits the system 's new role as a server on a network rather than as a central processing system .
IBM designed the protocol to provide the same internetworking functionality as TCP / IP .
IBM fixed this with HPR ( HighPerformance Routing ) , which was introduced in late 1994 .
IBM guides The Open Group in its implementation of CPI - C and supports features such as full - duplex communications between CPI - C applications so programs can send and receive data at the same time .
IBM has also worked out a way to interface Java applets and CPI - C .
IBM has an Internet / Web solution called Internet Connection for AS / 400 ( or WebConnection for OS / 400 ) that converts an AS / 400 into a Web server .
IBM has defined the following types of transactions :
IBM has developed a set of Web and workgroup servers that are optimized for the Network Computing Framework , including Lotus Go ( an entry - level server ) , Lotus Domino ( a workflow and collaborative server solution ) , IBM DB2 Universal Database ( Web - enabled object - relational database ) , and IBM Transaction Series ( CICS and Encina transaction - monitoring server ) .
IBM has developed strategies that support client / server computing , application interoperability , multi vendor product support , and the support of multiple communication protocols , including wide support for TCP / IP .
IBM has its Information Warehouse system as described under " Information Warehouse . " .
IBM introduced solutions such as APPC ( Advanced Program - to - Program Communications ) and APPN ( Advanced Peer - to - Peer Networking ) , which altered the mainframe - centric approach and allowed large and small systems to interoperate as peers .
IBM is the only vendor using this standard and even it is moving to Fibre Channel .
IBM LAN Server is a network server system that operates on top of the OS / 2 operating system .
IBM mainframe and midrange computers as well as AIX or UNIX systems and desktop computers running OS / 2 are end nodes .
IBM midrange systems fill the gap between personal computing and corporate computing .
IBM NC products are the Network Station ( IBM 's NC ) and NSM ( Network Station Manager ) , a multiplatform management system that is based on HTML and JavaScript .
IBM operating systems are for traditional mainframes , and new IBM servers are described here .
IBM OS / 2 Warp Server also supports SMP ( symmetrical multiprocessing ) for two - way and four - way SMP systems .
IBM promoted the standard in the mid - 1980s by marketing its first 4 - Mbit / sec Token Ring network products .
IBM provides mapping to TCP / IP .
IBM released HPR in late 1996 to work with its aging APPN protocol .
IBM supports multiple servers because , as it says , one size does not fit all needs .
IBM System / 390 shipments surged from 324,300 in 1995 to 535,000 in 1996 , with 1997 shipments expected to reach over 900,000 .
IBM Token Ring networks use a source - routing routine that can provide bridges with information about where packets should go and how to get there .
IBM Token Ring networks use a special source routing method that tells the bridge not only where packets should go but how to get to their destination .
IBM VSE was originally called DOS ( Disk Operating System ) , but because that acronym became so popular on the personal computer , the name VSE came into use .
IBM was seeking X / Open UNIX95 branding for AIX Version 4.2 at the time of this writing .
IBM 's Advanced ProgramtoProgram Communications model is conversational .
IBMs MQSeries is designed to allow organizations or communities of users on the Internet to run applications that communicate with store - and - forward communication technology that works over heterogeneous platforms and software environments .
IBM 's MQSeries software provides an open scalable , industrial - strength messaging and information backbone that enables organizations and entire communities to transact complex business processes across heterogeneous hardware and software platforms .
IBM 's Muxmaster uses WDM to handle up to 20 Gbits / sec of digital data over fiber - optic links that can span 50 kilometers .
IBM 's Netview system and the Codex 9800 network management system are integrated so the health of the ARDIS network can be managed , all the way from the radio transmitter component on a remote rooftop to the modem attached to a host computer .
IBMs new System / 390 operating system even hosts Windows NT applications .
IBMs RS / 6000 - based SP2 is a massively parallel processor computer system .
IBM 's SDLC ( Synchronous Data Link Control ) protocol is bitoriented .
IBM 's SDLC and HDLC ( Highlevel Data Link Control ) are bitoriented protocols that control synchronous communication .
IBM 's server for network environments is OS / 2 Warp Server .
ICA runs over TCP / IP , NetBEUI , IPX / SPX , and PPP , as well as remote communication protocols such as ISDN , frame relay , and ATM .
ICI ( Intercarrier Interface ) : This is the interface between the ATM connection points of different carrier networks .
ICMP therefore requires IP as its transport mechanism . Routers send ICMP messages in response to datagrams that cannot be delivered .
IDC ( International Data Corporation ) estimates that nearly three fourths of all data still resides on mainframe systems .
IDEA is a block - oriented secret - key ( single - key ) encryption algorithm developed by the Swiss Federal Institute of Technology .
IDEA is gaining worldwide acceptance and is considered a better choice than DES ( Data Encryption Standard ) .
IDEA is generally considered a better choice than DES , and the algorithm is publicly available , easy to implement , and exportable .
Ideally , groupware should be able to help each person in a collaborative project perform his or her specific job in a more efficient way .
Ideally , groupware simply defines ways of using existing applications to share information and help users collaborate , rather than being a special application from a single vendor .
Ideally , hardware and software developers only need to be concerned with the protocols in a specific layer related to the product they are developing , with a focus on making sure that upper - layer software can interface with it .
Ideally , no matter where users travel , their personal desktops appear , assuming they can connect with and log onto the server where their desktops are stored .
Identification : If a datagram is fragmented , a value that identifies a fragment as belonging to a particular datagram .
Identify excessive packet collisions and even alert you when traffic problems are occurring .
IDL describes a consistent object interface .
IDL provides programming language independence and allows developers to create CORBA components using a language of choice .
IEEE 802. 5 and FDDI ( Fiber Distributed Data Interface ) implement this method of access .
IEEE Prioritization Efforts for 802 Networks .
IETF ( Internet Engineering Task Force ) : This group has developed open Internet - compatible standards for running IP over ATM .
If 100 bits are used to represent each bit of data , the signal is spread out to 100 times its original bandwidth .
If a bridge only connects two network segments , it is relatively easy to build a table that defines which stations are on one side and which are on the other .
If a business partner is small , it may have little choice but to adopt the proprietary system of its much large business associate .
If a change is made to a class , the change is made to all objects in that class .
If a channel has nothing to send , the slot is still dedicated to the channel and remains empty .
If a collision occurs because another station is broadcasting , the station " hears " it and waits a random amount of time before retransmitting .
If a company has a caching proxy server , the comic is cached after the first request of the day .
If a company was lucky enough to obtain a class A address ( there are only 127 ) ,it could create over 16,000,000 host addresses 
If a computer attached to an FDDI concentrator fails , the concentrator ensures the ring is maintained , not the FDDI adapter in the computer .
If a connection is broken in the middle of a file download , the download continues when the connection is restored .
If a connection to any database fails during the transaction write phase , the databases will be out of synchronization .
If a customer does not use a PVC to full capacity , the bandwidth can be used by other customers .
If a customer needs to buy three different PVCs to reach three different sites from the home office , those three PVCs can go through the same FRAD - to - edge switch access line at the home office .
If a datagram arrives at a American router with an Asian address , it is simply forwarded to an Asian gateway .
If a datagram arrives at a router that is connected to a LAN with an MTU that is smaller than the MTU of the source LAN , the datagram is fragmented into smaller pieces to fit within the frame size of the next - hop LAN .
If a firewall is like a castle , how far do you let legitimate users into it , and what do you allow them to do once inside ? .
If a folder has this privilege only , it is a drop box and anything placed in it cannot be removed .
If a folder is created without privileges , the folder is assigned the privileges of the folder in which it resides .
If a frame - relay device is transmitting on a PVC above the CIR for a certain period of time , the DE bit is set in frames to indicate that it can be discarded if the network becomes more congested .
If a frame is corrupted during transmission , only it needs to be resent , not the entire transmission .
If a frame is corrupted or lost , only that frame needs to be re - sent , rather than the entire set of data .
If a glitch occurs during the transaction , all the changes made so far must be backed out .
If a host needs to forward information to a host outside of the IASG , nhrp is used .
If a host needs to forward information to another host in the same IASG , lane methods are used and a MAC address is targeted .
If a large frame is used and a frame is lost due to a glitch , then more information must be retransmitted .
If a leased line failed , a Switched - 56 line would quickly establish an alternate connection .
If a link fails or the cable is cut , the ring reconfigures itself , as shown on the right in Figure F - 4 , and the network continues operating .
If a long semi - trailer truck negotiates the intersection , other traffic gets held up and it adds unpredictability to the rate at which vehicles can pass through the intersection .
If a message is destined for a recipient on the Internet , the mail server contacts a DNS ( Domain Name System ) server and has the recipient 's e - mail server address converted to an appropriate IP address .
If a mobile user copies a file from a local system before going on the road , then makes changes to that file , the Briefcase helps the user synchronize the changes in that file with the local copy when he or she returns to the home office .
If a modem transferred 1 bit for every signal change , then its bitspersecond rate and baud rate would be the same .
If a network administrator that cannot be sure of traffic patterns between two sites can install routers that provide bandwidthondemand features .
If a network card fails , the MAU automatically bypasses it to maintain the ring .
If a new string appears , nodes are added to an appropriate branch of the tree and a new code word is generated to represent it .
If a node fails along the path , the session is not rerouted and fails as well .
If a node receives a frame that has its own node address , it accepts the frame .
If a packet exceeds its hop count , it is considered invalid and dropped .
If a packet is corrupted during transmission , only that packet needs to be resent , not the entire transmission .
If a packet is destined for A , it is output on port 1 .
If a packet is lost along the way , either the sender or the receiver must detect the loss and recover from it .
If a packet is not corrupted and its hop count has not been exceeded , the router rebuilds the packet header to match the next - hop network and forwards the packet on the port connected to that network .
If a packet of voice or video is lost , retransmitting it is usually not practical since the retransmitted information would be out of synchronization with the current audio and video being received by the destination .
If a path fails , the administrator must reprogram the router so packets follow other paths .
If a persistent network connection remains between the links and the new compound document 's location , then the links in the document may remain valid .
If a person is not assigned a specific account , access is often allowed through a guest account or with an anonymous user account .
If a phone connection is also required , dual plates can be purchased .
If a problem occurs , the components can easily communicate that problem with one another .
If a problem occurs , the TM aborts the transaction .
If a program needs updating , only the objects that need updating are replaced .
If a proxy service does not exist for a particular application , no packets related to the application are allowed to pass through the proxy server .
If a record in a database is being altered and the server goes down , incomplete writes are backed out .
If a reply is not returned within a set time , ping resends the echo request several more times .
If a response arrives , it doubles the transmission and waits for the next response .
If a response is not received from any RM during any phase of the commit , then the transaction is aborted .
If a router does not broadcast within 180 seconds , its paths are considered failed .
If a router has no hosts that want to receive the multicast , it excludes itself from the tree .
If a secondary station has data , it transmits when recognized by the primary station .
If a sender is responsible for error recovery , then the receiver can send an ACK back to the sender when it receives packets .
If a server has a valid configuration for the client , it prepares an " offer " message , which contains the client MAC address , the IP address that the server is offering to lease , a subnet mask , the IP address of the server , and the time length of the lease .
If a server in the cluster fails , another server can take over its workload .
If a signal becomes too weak , the receiving equipment will interpret it incorrectly or not at all .
If a station needs to transmit , it is given access to the cable .
If a station needs to transmit to a station attached to another port , the switch handles the forwarding of frames by setting up a temporary line connection between the two .
If a station receives packets that are corrupted , it can return a NAK to the sender .
If a station relinquishes the token while its frames are still in transit , other stations can begin transmitting .
If a token - based authentication device is used , the user may need to supply a username and a special code generated by the token , as discussed below .
If a transaction is distributed , all the subtransactions that affect data at separate sites must execute together as a single transaction , either to completion or rolled back if incomplete .
If a transaction is taking place and the system goes down , recovering from failed transactions takes place when the system restarts .
If a transmission is long , it makes sense to switch it .
If a truck periodically negotiates the intersection , such estimates are impossible .
If a user clicks a button on a Web page that was just received , another connection must be set up .
If a user clicks a button on the Web page just received , a whole new connection is set up .
If a user clicks a link on the page , another transmission takes place .
If a user has Read , Write , and Create rights to a directory , that user has those same rights in its subdirectories unless the rights are specifically changed .
If a user is going to access a sensitive file from a secure server , the transmission of the file should be encrypted , especially if the file is being transmitted over the Internet .
If a user needs additional functionality , other objects may be downloaded to add that functionality .
If a user needs to send a message to a person or access a service at a remote site , directory services can help the user locate the user or service .
If a user was accessing a database , previous queries to that database are waiting for the user the next time he or she connects .
If a VP is already set up , adding a new VC is easy since the work of defining paths through the network is already done .
If a VP is already set up , adding new VCs is easy since the work of defining paths through the network is already done .
If a Web browser or any application on a user 's desktop is to run sophisticated applications , better delivery protocols are needed .
If a workstation doesn't respond because it is turned off or has a defective network interface card , the server sends messages every few minutes in an attempt to get a response .
If a workstation is directly attached to a switch ( which can provide a nonshared link ) and no other workstations are sharing that link , collision detection and loopback functions can be disabled .
If a workstation is transmitting a large file , a router might send packets along a different route to avoid congestion .
If a workstation makes a request , it must first wait for a response from the server before making another request .
If a workstation needs to transmit to a workstation on another port , the switch will quickly set up a temporary connection between the ports so that all the workstations attached to the two ports share what is essentially a dedicated network segment .
If a workstation responds to the messages , the server no longer sends it messages .
If abnormal conditions are detected , the manager can take steps to analyze traffic in more detail with the help of RMON probes .
If all the RMs respond positively , then the second phase of the commit proceeds , which is to actually write the changes to the database .
If all the vehicles are the same size , you can closely estimate the number of cars that will get through on a green light .
If an acknowledgment is not received from any system during the procedure , the whole transaction is rolled back .
If an application requires more reliability services than this , tcp should be used .
If an application were to pass data directly to IP for delivery , ip would simply start sending packets to the destination .
If an ATM network constitutes the backbone switching fabric , then features such as QoS are available .
If an error on the network occurs , such as a failure in one of the paths , ip sends an ICMP error message within an IP datagram .
If an inventory is stored over multiple servers to make data more available to local users , changes to the inventory in one location must be immediately posted to other locations .
If an object is compared to a record within a database , its properties are like the fields within a record that hold values .
If an organization has only one domain , trust relationships are not required , but in large organizations many domains may exist , requiring trust relationships to allow information exchange .
If an organization needs 24 - hour connections to remote sites , it can lease dedicated digital transmission lines from the telephone company or other service providers or it can take advantage of packet - switched networks .
If an organization wants to add its own network to the MBone , the regional MBone network operator should be contacted .
If another client requests the same file , it is also placed in a cache at that client 's workstation .
If another hub is attached , the ring is maintained by running cables from the ring - out connector on the first hub to the ring - in connector on the second hub , from the ring - out connector on the second hub to the ring - in connector on the first hub .
If another similar packet arrives , a flow may be underway and the switch controller may switch the packet at layer 2 .
If another system responds , the network is probably OK and the destination network or host may have a problem .
If another system transmits at the same time , a collision occurs and the frames that were transmitted are lost .
If any of these cables are cut or inadvertently disconnected , the ring reverts back on itself .
If any one location does not complete a transaction , all of the systems must back out the changes they have made .
If any one of the writes fails , the transaction monitor backs them all out to ensure data integrity .
If any portion of the data in the frame contains more than five 1 - bits , a zero - bit insertion technique inserts a zero bit to ensure that data is not mistaken for a flag .
If applications are built as discrete components , then changes and updates can be made only to the components that need them .
If Bob does not have Alice 's public key , alice can also send a copy of her digital certificate , which contains her public key ( as discussed in the next section ) .
If CAs prove the authenticity of some end user 's public key , who vouches for the public key of the CA ? .
If class C Internet addressing is used , only 255 network devices can be configured on the network .
If clusters are used as Web sites , a virtual IP addressing scheme is implemented in which a single URL points to the entire cluster of servers .
If computer A needs to send a packet to computer Z , the packet first travels to R1 .
If computer B needs to send a message to a user in the Research VLAN , the message must be routed .
If computers are at distant locations , a modem is required on each end to convert computer digital signals for transmission over analog phone lines .
If corrupted files are not detected and are written to the backup server , the most recent good file can be obtained from the optical disk or tape archives .
If data is encrypted for storage on a hard drive , the person encrypting the data must make sure not to forget the key .
If data is fragmented , the final destination system is responsible for reassembling it , not routers along the way , so once data is fragmented , it travels that way all the way to the destination .
If datagrams are lost , the recipient must detect that a packet is missing and request a retransmission from the sender .
If distances are long , time lags occur that may result in inappropriate carrier sensing , and hence collisions .
If distances are long , time lags occur that may result in inappropriate carrier sensing , and thus increased collisions .
If each of the circuits only required 1 Mbits / sec of bandwidth rather than 1.544 , the.544 Mbits / sec of bandwidth would go unused .
If encrypted data is to be exchanged , then a method is needed to safely exchange keys so the recipient can decrypt the data .
If every member of the multicast group returns an error message , the sender might be swamped with messages .
If every packet sent requires an acknowledgment , then up to half of the network 's throughput is used to confirm receipt of information .
If everyone in the company is having news delivered to their desktop through the corporate firewall , high - priority traffic will be impeded .
If everything checks out , the TGS builds a server ticket for the target server and encrypts it with a key shared in common with the target server .
If everything checks out , you are issued a certificate .
If faceplates are used , the maximum cable length from the hub to the faceplate should be 90 meters or less .
If FDDI is used simply as a backbone , encapsulation is preferable to translation .
If frames overwhelm the switch , they may be dropped .
If full - time connections are required , data compression can help you get the most out of those connections , as well .
If Host A1 wants to transmit to Host C1 , Router AB must get involved .
If individuals want to send you a message , they need to obtain a copy of your public key .
If IP is the primary protocol , the term IP switching is used .
If it is a network file system , it is available for remote users on the network to access .
If it is available , it responds with a connection .
If it is available , it responds with a connection acknowledgment message .
If it is short , it may be more efficient just to route it .
If link A - B goes down , a packet can still get from A to C by going through F .
If many stations are competing for the cable , the situation becomes worse because the wait time reduces performance in addition to the need for workstations to continually attempt to access the cable .
If money is withdrawn from one account but fails to be deposited in another due to a communication glitch , you 'll want to make sure that the original withdrawal is rolled back , otherwise you 'll end up with no money in any account ! .
If more bandwidth is needed at irregular intervals , often the only choice is to set up dial - up lines that provide bandwidth on demand .
If more people ride - share , then even the diamond lanes become jammed , so you might want to establish some other means of controlling access , such as pay - for - use through a tollgate .
If multicasting is comparable to a conference call , then unicasting is like a private call between two people .
If multiple companies are involved in business - to - business relationships over private networks , object technologies can be used to integrate business processes .
If multiple interior routers are used , a situation could occur in which the internal router decides that the fastest way to another internal system is via the perimeter network , thus exposing internal network packets on the perimeter network .
If multiple requests for transmission arrive at the hub , the highest priority is serviced first .
If multiple sessions must run simultaneously , that is possible too .
If necessary , it can detect and correct errors in transmission and tell the sending system to slow down or stop sending data until the receiving system catches up .
If network segments are interconnected with repeaters or bridges , the broadcast domain is extended into the attached segments .
If no reply arrives , ping indicates that the destination is unreachable .
If no response is heard , try pinging another system just to see if the network is reachable .
If noise is a persistent problem is some areas , it can be avoided by running wire away from sources of noise , by using shielded cable , or by using fiber - optic cable .
If not , check the configuration settings , the connection , or the network interface card itself .
If not , it will also forward the packet to the next higher - level router .
If not , nhrp will give the address of the router that provides an exit point on the NBMA network to the destination .
If not , the document is suspect .
If not , the frame is considered corrupted and must be retransmitted .
If not , the requesting node will back off and seek another connection .
If not , the sender retransmits the data .
If numerous calls are made by employees to remote sites , there may be considerable savings in moving those calls to the frame - relay network .
If one center goes down due to a natural disaster , the other can immediately replace it .
If one could factor n intop and q , however , then one could obtain the private key d .
If one disk fails , the other continues to operate and provide access for users .
If one disk goes down , the other takes over until the disk is replaced .
If one disk in the array fails , the rest can still operate because a separate disk provides parity information that can supply the missing data .
If one disk in the pair fails , the other disk remains accessible to users .
If one drive fails , the other is still operational .
If one drive in a spanned volume fails , netware cannot use the entire volume .
If one drive in the array fails , the parity information can be used to rebuild the information that is not available due to the failed drive .
If one of the locations goes down , the other location is automatically selected .
If one of the musicians plays off key or misses a beat , everyone stops playing and the recording is started over .
If one of the pieces is lost , it can be re - sent without needing to retransmit the entire file .
If one of the routers fails , the rest of the network is not affected .
If one of these routers receives a packet for an unknown network , it forwards the packet to a higher - level router .
If one router along a path cannot provide bandwidth reservation , then another path must be sought out .
If one server fails , the other continues to operate and provide service to users .
If one server fails , the other provides continuous service to users .
If one server goes down during a write , any writes made on other systems during the transactions must be backed off .
If one site goes down , users can still access data at other sites .
If only class A addressing schemes were used , there would only be 126 networks in the routing scheme and each router would only need to keep track of the location of these networks .
If only one station is attached to a port , it gets this full bandwidth without any contention from other stations .
If only one workstation is attached per switch port , then a dedicated network is set up for the two stations attached at either end of the connection , and those stations get to transmit without contention using the entire bandwidth of the network .
If only two subnetworks are connected with a router , it is trivial to get a packet from one subnetwork to the other .
If overflow occurs , frames or packets will be lost .
If packets are lost , higher - layer protocols in end systems must manage retransmissions .
If packets are lost or dropped due to insufficient bandwidth and congestion , the video will appear jerky .
If part of that waiting image changes while it is still in the queue , only the new information is sent and the old information is discarded rather than being sent across the link and then immediately overlapped by the new image .
If ports have the same costs , then the one with the least number of bridgetobridge hops is used .
If possible , go to the destination and ping that machine to see if its network connection is working .
If power fails , a UPS automatically supplies power and sends a signal to Windows NT Server to inform it that it is running on battery power .
If private - key cryptography is used to send secret messages between two parties , then both the sender and receiver must have a copy of the secret key .
If problems still exist , four 25 - node network segments might be created .
If routing is disabled , then the host on either network can still access the Web services , but packets cannot be exchanged between the networks .
If security and privacy are desired , users have a range of e - mail encryption techniques to choose from .
If several people were accessing the same file and some of those people were writing changes to the file , then other people must know about the changes that have been made .
If slots go unused , they are reallocated immediately to other stations that can use them .
If some employees make recurring calls to employees at foreign offices , it may be worthwhile to support those users with a new breed of voice over IP products .
If someone wants to send you a private message , they obtain your public key , encrypt the message with it , then send you the message .
If someone wants to send you an encrypted message , they obtain a copy of your public key to encrypt the message before sending it .
If standards are not put in place in the next few years , other technologies such as the phone company 's DSL ( Digital Subscriber Line ) may overtake cable .
If systems are destroyed , you can replace hardware in a day , but you can't bring your network back up and running if you don't have proper data backups .
If that occurs , it sends an RNR ( Receive - Not - Ready ) message to the sender that acknowledges the frames it has received but that also indicates it cannot receive additional packets until further notification .
If that response arrives , it continues to increase its transmission rate until a balance is once again achieved .
If that transmission is acknowledged , the sender doubles the window size again , and this continues until the sender is sending large amounts of data .
If the active monitor fails , another workstation can take its place .
If the administrator 's workstation is left unattended , an intruder could walk up to it and potentially gain unrestricted access to the entire internetwork .
If the application needs updating , it is only necessary to upgrade the component in question .
If the application needs updating , only the object that needs updating is changed .
If the application that called the transaction completes its work , the DTC can commit the transaction changes to the databases .
If the attacker believes that he or she has entered a part of the system that may provide further access , the attacker 's activities can be tracked and possibly be traced .
If the attributes of the object class change , all the entries in the database that are part of that object class inherit the change .
If the audio is good , users will tolerate video that is not up to television standards .
If the bandwidth of the Internet can be boosted to support high - end multimedia content , then the Web is a much better platform for entertaining the masses than one - way broadcast television .
If the bus is constantly busy , collisions can occur so often that performance drops drastically .
If the cable length becomes too long , the electrical current weakens and the receiver may not be able to read it .
If the call is outside , it sets up a circuit on the wide area network to the phone company 's ISDN switching system .
If the carrier cannot meet the guarantees , it may offer various levels of free service .
If the carrier provides switching , the customer funnels all its traffic to the carrier , which then routes the traffic to various destinations .
If the channel is in use , devices wait before transmitting .
If the circuit is granted , the network monitors the circuit to ensure that the requested parameters are not exceeded .
If the compound document is transferred to another location , all the embedded information travels with it .
If the connection is between phones in two different areas , a circuit is set up through an intermediate exchange as shown by circuit C1 - C2 .
If the connection is between two phones in the same area , the local switch completes the circuit .
If the credentials are authentic , an access token is created to identify the user for all subsequent requests for resources .
If the customer does switching , appropriate equipment is installed and the customer sets up dedicated lines between all the points that require connections .
If the data rate is not available , customers are often given credits at a specified rate toward future service .
If the database is distributed and writes take place in several locations , any of the links or servers could fail .
If the departmental devices and the backbone device are switching hubs , then performance can increase dramatically because VLANs ( virtual LANs ) can be created between any two workstations , eliminating router hops altogether and in some cases , providing nonshared , collisionfree circuits between workstations .
If the deposit doesn't take place due to a communication glitch , the withdrawal must be rolled back .
If the destination IP address matches a host on the next network , the datagram is put in a frame and addressed to that host .
If the destination POP server is offline , the most recent POP server to receive a message will hold it until it can be forwarded to the destination POP server .
If the device is a printer , it will print the output .
If the device is reachable before a time - out period , your host will receive an ICMP echo reply message .
If the emissions have sufficient energy and are close enough to another device , they will interfere with that device .
If the external server is attacked , it can be rebuilt by replicating data from the internal server .
If the files are needed , they are de - migrated back to magnetic disk .
If the first bridge goes down , the secondary bridge takes over .
If the first bridge should go down , the secondary bridge takes over .
If the frame contains information , it is only read by the destination station .
If the frame is a MAC frame , all stations on the ring read the information .
If the frame size on one network is larger than the frame size on another network , then the frames must be fragmented , encapsulated into the smaller frames , transmitted across the network , and reassembled at the destination as shown in Figure F - 18 .
If the frequency is increased to boost data throughput , the effect worsens and the receiver may not be able to interpret data signals correctly .
If the host is a server , multiple processes may be running such as HTTP ( port 80 ) , FTP ( port 21 ) , and Gopher ( port 70 ) .
If the host moves , it will not receive those datagrams .
If the host was the only device on the local network that was receiving the packets , the multicast host will no longer need to receive the packets itself and removes itself from the receive list .
If the information is already in the cache , performance is improved .
If the information is not in the cache , it is retrieved from alternate storage and placed in the cache where it might be accessed again .
If the information on your server changes constantly , you 'll need to back up constantly .
If the ISP is local , then an inexpensive local phone call or dedicated link is all that is needed .
If the lines are long distance , you contact the LEC , the long - distance carrier , and / or a service provider that can handle all services .
If the link between LAN A and LAN B goes down , an alternate link is still available indirectly through LAN C .
If the link between R1 and R2 goes down , packets from R1 can still travel through R3 and R4 to reach R2 .
If the main disk fails , the secondary disk takes over .
If the master approves the producers request , it sends a token that contains a sequence number for the message the producer will send .
If the network does not have enough bandwidth to deliver the video , packets are dropped and the image appears jerky to the viewer .
If the network gets congested or a connection fails , alternate routes can be found in the tables .
If the network is attached to a much larger network such as the Internet , then each network address constitutes the address of a subnetwork .
If the network is connected to a carrier 's ATM network , the QoS parameters may be passed on to that network as well .
If the network is not busy , the workstation gets permission to transmit .
If the networks it ties together are departmental networks , then the backbone handles interdepartmental traffic .
If the outside source of power dies , the batteries within the unit continue to supply the computer with power .
If the previous voltage was high , the next 1 bit reduces the voltage .
If the primary server goes down , the secondary server takes over without an interruption .
If the receiver acknowledges , the sender commits more data by doubling the size of the transmission window .
If the receiver can signal to the sender and it is overflowing , the sender can slow down or stop its transmissions and thus reduce the need to retransmit at a later time .
If the receiver is responsible for detecting lost packets , it reads the sequence numbers in packets to determine if a packet is missing .
If the receiver starts to overflow , it says , " Scale back your transmission because I 'm overflowing . " .
If the receiver wants the sender to stop transmitting altogether , it can return a segment with 0 in this field .
If the request is for files on a network server , the redirector forwards the request out over the network to the appropriate server .
If the response matches the user 's , the user is logged on .
If the router is directly connected to the network segment to which the destination is attached , then the packet is forwarded to that network and the MAC address of the destination is used to get the packet to that destination .
If the same program is distributed , problems can occur when needed components on other computers are unavailable .
If the sender does not receive an ACK within a period of time , it may assume the receiver never received the packet and send another one .
If the server crashes , the request simply goes away and the client makes another request .
If the servers are located in different geographic areas , protection from local disasters such as fire and earthquakes is also facilitated .
If the service is wireless and prone to a lot of lost frames , then data link layer acknowledgment is preferable .
If the setup program does not have a driver , you are usually asked to insert a disk from the NIC manufacturer that contains a driver .
If the software needs updating , the Web site managers simply post new components at the site .
If the standard is open , it provides a way for vendors to design software and hardware that is interoperable with other vendors ' products .
If the surge suppressors are placed on the branch circuits , they will divert surges to ground and back into the circuits of other systems through the ground connection .
If the system has multiple processors , threads can be distributed among the processors .
If the system has only one processor , then each thread is executed in turn , one after the other .
If the system is attached to a network , network users can be given access to files on the system .
If the transaction monitor fails to hear a response from every database system in steps 3 and 5 , the transaction monitor alerts the systems to roll back their transactions .
If the transmission fails , it can be resumed starting at the last record sent .
If the user attempts to access other systems , the information collected from this logon is automatically passed to another system or to a security server to authenticate the user on those systems .
If the user enters either of these incorrectly , the logon procedure usually allows another chance for the user to log on .
If the user is authenticated , a new tunnel is set up or an existing tunnel is used to create a connection across the Internet .
If the user needs to abort the transaction , the transaction monitor makes sure that all affected databases revert to their pretransaction states .
If the user visits the site again , the logo is pulled up from the cache instead of being downloaded from the site .
If the users are all at the same location ( i . e . , have mailboxes at the same server ) , then a single message is sent to the server , which in turn sends copies to all the recipients listed in the message .
If the user 's requested access matches the permissions allowed for the SID in the ACL , the user is granted access .
If the virus is detectable , you need to check all workstations for its existence .
If the Web user clicks a button on the Web page to jump to a hyperlink , a whole new connection is set up between the client and server .
If the workstation 's priority is higher , the other stations will grant the workstation access to the token for an extended period .
If the workstation 's priority is higher than theirs , they grant the workstation access to the token for an extended period .
If there are any partially used disk blocks ( usually a block is 8K in size ) , netware divides them into 512byte suballocation blocks for the storage of small files or fragments of files .
If there are multiple bridges on the network , multiple explorer packets arrive at the destination from each intermediate bridge .
If there is a remainder , the frame is considered corrupted and a retransmission is requested .
If these databases are at different remote locations , any of the communication links or systems may fail during the write .
If these tables are large , they can tie up network bandwidth and are susceptible to errors in transmission .
If they are unsuccessful at attacking a system , they may target a system that has a trust relationship with the original target .
If they compare , bob knows the message is authentic .
If they compare , the user is considered authentic .
If they did , the routing tables would be enormously large for networks like the Internet .
If they go over , you may lose packets .
If they have more than 254 hosts , they can either obtain another class C address , which are in short supply , or use subnetting to extend the number of hosts that can be defined .
If they match , the client is considered authentic .
If they need to leave their computers unattended , make sure they log off or know how to activate a password - protected screen saver that locks the computer while they are gone .
If this flag is set to 0 and SYN is set to 1 , the segment is a request to establish a connection .
If this is a destination address , each of these values is placed in turn in the destination network field , the destination node field , and the socket field of the outgoing packet .
If this new message digest is the same as the message digest that Alice put in the message , then Bob knows that the message is authentic , that it has not been compromised , and that Alice cannot disavow or repudiate it at a later time ( i . e . , in a court of law ) .
If those accounts are stored on different systems , communication errors can cause serious problems such as when money deducted from one account is not deposited into the other account .
If those services and data are critical to operations , then backup links are required .
If tight security is required , advanced security systems are necessary , as outlined here :
If traffic exceeds the contracted level for the circuit , the network may drop packets in that circuit rather than other circuits .
If traffic increases , the Web server can distribute some of its workload to peer servers that are not as busy .
If traffic is light , dial - up services are sufficient .
If traffic is light , or peaks during parts of the day , a dial - up line may be appropriate .
If two bits change , an error is undetectable by the receiver .
If two LISs are on the same ATM network , a host on one LIS must go through a router to communicate with a host in the other LIS , even though the underlying ATM network is capable of setting up a direct VC between the hosts .
If two network segments are joined by a repeater or bridge , a larger broadcast domain is created because the devices relay the broadcasted frames to all connected segments .
If two or more devices sense that the network is idle , they attempt to access it simultaneously , causing collisions .
If two or more packets have identical field information , they constitute a flow .
If two stations attempt to transmit at the same time , both devices back off and wait a random amount of time before retransmitting .
If two users are accessing the same data and one writes changes , should the other user 's data also be updated ? .
If two workstations request the same priority at the same time , both are serviced by alternating between the two .
If usage increases , so can the fee .
If users are highly mobile and move from one office to another as part of their job , the network administrator can use VLAN techniques to keep the user within a broadcast group no matter where they plug in to the network .
If users need to open and change files in a directory , a set of rights that includes List , Read , Add &amp; Read , and Change are necessary . Delete can also be set if appropriate .
If users need to run programs , read and Execute is required .
If users throughout the organization require access to files on a particular server , it makes sense to replicate those files to a server that is closer to the user , especially if they are at very remote offices .
If users want to reserve bandwidth , they will need to pay for it .
If voice and video transmission are required , then enough capacity must be set aside to guarantee the flow and arrival of this timecritical information .
If voice over frame relay becomes popular for in - house use , it could drive carriers to implement SVCs on a bigger scale .
If we consider the ATM machine at your bank as a parent class , then the much smaller credit card machines at supermarket checkout lines could be considered a subclass .
If you 're a real crypto - head , you might be wondering how the public and the private keys are generated in the RSA cryptosystem .
If you 're a stockbroker and you receive a message from a client to buy 1,000 shares of Microsoft , you probably want some verification that the message is valid and a way to ensure that the sender cannot disavow knowledge of the message should the stock go down .
If you are doing business with other companies on a regular basis , you should investigate this technology since it allows organizations to exchange standard electronic documents like invoices .
If you are expanding or upgrading an existing network or building a new network , it is important to be aware of new technologies that can help you build efficient and " future - proof " networks ( assuming that is possible ) .
If you are going to connect Ethernet and ATM together , you need to support these operations .
If you are interested in a specific aspect of data communications , you can refer to the related topics listed at the end of each subsection for more information .
If you call someone in your own neighborhood , chances are that the call is completely analog from end to end .
If you call someone that is attached to another switching office , the call is probably converted to a digital signal for transmission from CO to CO .
If you can imagine turning a flashlight on and off at a rate of 66 million times per second , you can imagine how this purely digital signal is different than the continuous waveforms of analog signals used on telephones and many other transmission systems .
If you can keep a hacker involved online for some time , you might be able to track the hacker down .
If you confirm the sale , your credit card is charged by First Virtual , completely off the Internet .
If you connect to the Internet through an ISP your ISP will supply you with the Internet address of their news server .
If you consider Internet VPNs to be the highways that connect an organization 's branch offices with tunnels , then personal tunnels are like the side roads that connect individual users into the Internet VPN .
If you consider the significance of this , you can get to the essence of the problem .
If you decide to install dedicated leased lines between two geographically remote locations , you might have to deal with a number of carriers , including the local exchange carrier at the local site , a long - distance carrier , and the local exchange carrier at a remote site .
If you do , then you trust the contents of the digital certificate , which it can open .
If you give a friend your public key in person , then your friend will trust it .
If you give a friend your public key in person , your friend will trust it .
If you have a fiveday work week , you need 20 tapes .
If you implement this method , you should still create a normal backup on a regular basis .
If you increase the bandwidth , you will still need to provide services that manage it .
If you know an RFC number , you can view it in your Web browser by typing the following address and replacing xxxx with the RFC number :
If you need guaranteed service , then look into leased lines or carrier - based services such as frame relay .
If you need to allow some access to internal systems , then you 'll need to look beyond screening routers to application - level gateways and other high - end firewall products , although routers might still be included in your defensive system .
If you need to restore , first restore the normal backup , then restore the last differential backup tape .
If you need to restore from backup , you first restore the normal backup , then restore each incremental backup in order .
If you normally connect to an ISP ( Internet service provider ) to establish an Internet connection and receive Internet mail , youll need to dial long - distance into that ISP if you travel to another state or country .
If you plan on setting up your own news server , you may want to consider the products listed here :
If you plan to mix voice and data , you 'll need a multiplexor .
If you put the subnet mask over the IP address , the 1s basically mask out the first two bytes and reveal the host address in the last two bytes .
If you require secure logon to Internet servers or other public servers , the certificate scheme is appropriate .
If you run a DOS program from within Windows NT , nt does not allow the program to directly write to hard drives .
If you send a decrypted message to someone , you must get them a copy of the key .
If you shop for a server today , you will find that multiple processor systems with large disk arrays and high - performance processors are reasonably priced .
If you think of a client / server application as a program that has been split , a server can run the data - access portion because it is closest to the data , and the client can run the portion that presents the data to the user and interacts with the user .
If you think of a client / server application as a program that has been split between front - end and back - end systems , the RPC can be viewed as the component that reintegrates them over the network .
If you think of the Internet as a big data pipe with many smaller data pipes connected to it , then you can think of local ISPs as the gatekeepers into the Internet .
If you use some of the bits in the host address to identify a subnet , then you reduce the number of bits that are available for host addressing .
If you want to contact someone within a domain by electronic mail , you simply append that person 's e - mail name to their domain name , separated by an at sign @ .
If you want to hook into the telephone company with something other than a few standard telephone lines , you lease services in chunks of 64 Kbits / sec .
If you want to publish information on the Web , you need a Web server .
If you want to send a private message to someone , you can obtain their public key , encrypt the message and send it .
If your departmental networks used 10Mbit / sec Ethernet , you could possibly get by with a 10Mbit / sec Ethernet backbone or at most , a 100Mbit / sec FDDI backbone for expanding traffic loads .
If your traffic needs are under that rate , you are paying for unused bandwidth .
IFC services can provide a high level of application sophistication that brings the Netscape ONE application development environment up to a level that can compete with Windows application development environments .
IFCs also include a messaging service that supports SMTP ( Simple Mail Transfer Protocol ) , POP3 ( Post Office Protocol 3 ) , and IMAP4 ( Internet Mail Access Protocol , version 4 ) .
IFCs are services that Netscape ONE applications can access .
IFMP is a protocol that communicates route information between switch controllers in an IP switching environment .
IGMP is an Internet protocol that hosts use to join or remove themselves from multicast groups .
IGMP is described in RFC 1112 , which is available at http : / / www . internic . net / rfc / rfc1112. txt .
IGMP talks with local multicast - aware routers and is discussed under " Multicasting . " .
IIOP allows CORBA to be implemented into Web browsers and servers , and Netscape has included it in its Netscape browsers and Netscape SuiteSpot server software via VisiBroker for Java from Visigenics ( http : / / www . visigenics . com ) .
IIOP allows CORBA to be implemented into Web browsers and servers .
IIOP basically works in conjunction with or replaces HTTP ( Hypertext Transfer Protocol ) , the primary protocol for Web browser / server interaction .
IIOP brings a distributed messaging system and " component connector " system to the Netscape ONE environment .
IIOP can provide an alternative to HTTP to support interoperability among objects on different systems over TCP / IP .
IIOP exposes application interfaces so that other applications can access those interfaces as available services .
IIOP is part of CORBA ( Common Object Request Broker Architecture ) .
IIOP is part of the CORBA ( Common Object Request Broker Architecture ) .
IIOP is used to connect Netscape ONE clients , servers , and legacy applications on the internal network and the Internet .
IIOP provides a way for any CORBA - compliant system to communicate with any other CORBA - compliant system over the Internet .
IM ( Immediate Compress ) causes a file , or the files in a directory to be compressed as soon as possible .
IMA also allows bigger virtual connections .
IMA is a specification defined by the ATM Forum ( http : / / www . atmforum . com ) that provides a way to combine an ATM cell stream over two or more T1 lines , thus allowing an organization to lease just the bandwidth it needs .
Imagine an intersection in which all cars are exactly the same size .
Imagine implanting such GPS devices in criminals on probation so you always know their whereabouts .
Imagine standing at the end of a data pipe .
Imagine that every person has their own personal IP address , allowing anyone to communicate with you anywhere .
Imagine you 're waiting for a city bus that is equipped with such a device .
Imagine your home entertainment system has an IP address .
Imaging documents such as invoices and purchase orders for processing and storage brings EDI ( Electronic Data Interchange ) to mind .
Imaging is the process of capturing , storing , displaying , and printing graphical information .
Imaging procedures involve the use of scanners to capture the image and optical disks to store the many megabytes of information the captured images contain .
Imaging systems available today allow users on a network to store and call up imaged documents from centralized image storage systems .
IMAP allows users to selectively download messages and keep unread messages at the mail server until another time .
IMAP has strong authentication features .
IMAP includes support for address books and links to documents and USENET newsgroups .
IMAP is an Internet protocol that expands on the of the features of POP ( Post Office Protocol ) , which has been in use on the Internet for years .
IMAP lets users access a mail box on the mail server , as opposed to having mail delivered directly to the inbox in their SMTP - compatible client software .
IMAP requires much larger and more powerful servers since users are storing information and executing complex commands at the server .
IMAP4 improves this model by allowing users to keep mail in their mailboxes on the mail server , rather than have it automatically download to their computer .
IMAP4 is a new and more flexible protocol that will eventually replace POP .
IMAP4 is more flexible and has more functionality than POP , so it will eventually take hold .
IMAP4 is the latest version of IMAP and provides better mail server management capabilities .
IMAP4 will solve this problem by providing a way to create a hierarchy of folders for message storage at the mail server .
IMC 's Web site is listed at the end of this topic .
Impedance matching , which can reduce the reflections that are generated by electrical signals as they travel across the local loop .
Implement a backup plan that rotates backup to off - site storage .
Implement schemes that reduce the burden on routers , or implement new router switches that support high - speed internetworking .
Implement this feature to prevent users from filling the drive with unnecessary programs , utilities , files , and other information .
Implement VLAN ( virtual LAN ) schemes in which users and servers can be anywhere on the network and configured into any VLAN .
Implementing fault - tolerant systems protects against this loss .
Important fields in the frames are described here .
Important packets are generally classified as delay - sensitive traffic such as that generated by live videoconferencing , voice calls , mission - critical transaction processing , remote monitoring , and collaborative computing ( in which people work in real time on their computer screens across networks ) .
Improper grounding is also often a source of problems .
Impulse noise occurs spontaneously and lasts only a short time , so measurements must be taken over time to determine if external sources are causing a continuous impulse problem on the cable plant .
Impulses from static in the atmosphere .
In - house networks may consist of a single POP server that holds all the users 'mailboxes .
In - place editing is a feature of Microsoft Windows applications that loads the functionality of an application used to create an object into the current application .
In 10Base - T , distance limitations had more to do with signal loss .
In 1913 , AT &amp; T was forced to divest itself from Western Union and allow independent carriers to use its long - distance networks .
In 1913 , the Department of Justice brought an antitrust suit against AT &amp; T that resulted in the Kingsbury Commitment .
In 1914 , under the direction of Thomas J . Watson , ctr became IBM ( International Business Machines ) .
In 1927 , the Union was involved in allocating frequency bands for radio services , including fixed radio , mobile radio ( maritime and aeronautical ) , broadcasting , and amateur v experimental radio .
In 1953 , ibm announced its first computer , the model 701 , and shortly after , the model 650 , which became its most popular model during the 1950s .
In 1956 , the Justice Department limited AT &amp; T to providing only regulated services to customers and , in 1968 , ruled that customers could attach nonAT &amp; T equipment to the public telephone network .
In 1959 , dec announced the PDP ( Programmed Data Processor ) , an 18 - bit computer with a relatively inexpensive price tag of $ 120,000 and a very innovative idea  a built - in CRT .
In 1964 , ibm announced the IBM System / 360 series of mainframe computers , or host systems .
In 1969 , the U . S . Defense Department agency called ARPA ( Advanced Research Projects Agency ) created ARPANET , the first wide area , packet - switching network .
In 1970 , ibm announced the IBM System / 370 .
In 1972 , ARPA ( Advanced Research Projects Agency ) became DARPA .
In 1973 , Bell Labs completely rewrote UNIX in the C programming language .
In 1980 , DEC , Xerox , and Intel announced Ethernet as a way to interconnect computer systems .
In 1980 , Digital , Xerox , and Intel announced Ethernet as a way to interconnect computer systems .
In 1980 , the first TCP / IP modules were installed .
In 1981 , microsoft and IBM introduced MS - DOS and started the personal computer revolution .
In 1983 , the military communication portion of ARPANET was split off into MILNET ( Military Network ) , although cross - communication was still possible .
In 1983 , when IBM announced the IBM Personal Computer XT , which had a hard disk , novell quickly responded with a product that converted the hard disk system into a file - sharing system .
In 1984 , Apple Computer introduced the Macintosh , one of the first widely available personal computers with a graphical user interface operating system based on a familiar metaphor , the desktop .
In 1986 , as the original SCSI ( now called SCSI - 1 ) was being standardized , engineers were already laying out plans for SCSI - 2 .
In 1986 , novell introduced Advanced NetWare , which provided even more support for LAN hardware by bridging different network types within the file server or an external workstation .
In 1989 , novell announced NetWare 386 version 3.0 , a completely rewritten version of NetWare designed to take advantage of features built into the Intel 80386 processor .
In 1990 , nsf began the process of commercializing the network .
In 1991 , dec announced ADVANTAGE - NETWORKS , a strategy that adds support for other protocols , such as TCP / IP , and the ability to build multiprotocol backbones that can transport DECnet , TCP / IP , and other protocol data .
In 1991 , novell and AT &amp; T joined forces to create Univell , a company with the goal of developing UnixWare , a desktop UNIX system with built - in Novell NetWare support .
In 1991 , the TIA / EIA released the TIA / EIA 568 Commercial Building Telecommunication Cabling Standard .
In 1992 , the Internet community began working on extensions to SNMP that became known as SNMPv2 .
In 1993 , novell announced NetWare version 4 .
In 1993 , service applications made up 80 percent of ARDIS 's customer activity .
In 1993 , the ITU went through a reorganization and the French name was changed to simply ITU - T , which refers to the ITU 's Telecommunications Standardization Sector .
In 1994 a Russian hacker cracked Citicorp 's electronic funds transfer system more than 40 times and managed to transfer millions of dollars into other accounts .
In 1994 , apple introduced its System 7. 5 operating system to provide users with greater efficiency and productivity , including the ability to use both 680x0 - based Macs and Power Macintosh systems .
In 1994 , nist renamed GOSIP to POSIT ( Profiles for Open Systems Internetworking Technologies ) .
In 1994 , nsf awarded the contract for the vBNS to MCI , the Routing Arbiter contract to Merit ( which was in partnership with the Information Science Institute at the University of Southern California ) , and the NAP contracts to MFS Communications in Washington D . C . , sprint in New York ; Ameritech and Bellcore ( now Lucent ) in Chicago , and Pacific Bell and Bellcore in San Francisco .
In 1994 , people started to notice that the Web was providing the heterogeneous environment that people wanted all along , and that it was practically free .
In 1995 , dataquest estimated that NFS had an installed base of 8.5 million systems with an expected installed base of 12 million systems by 1997 .
In 1995 , novell announced NetWare version 4.1 , which provided numerous product enhancements and upgrades .
In 1995 , the NSFnet was shut down because the NSF felt that the growing Internet would be better off if backbone services were provided by commercial providers such as MCI , PSINet , UUNET , ANS / AOL , Sprint , and others .
In 1996 , Apple Computer purchased NeXT and began integrating OpenStep into its operating system plans .
In 1996 , ibm acquired Tivoli Systems , Inc . , and in this process , the Tivoli division took over development of IBM 's SystemView products .
In 1996 , it introduced Oracle Universal Server , a powerful software platform with the ability to integrate and consolidate all types of data for thousands of users over any network , including the World Wide Web .
In 1996 , mci quadrupled the speed of its Internet backbone to 622 Mbits / sec .
In 1996 , the DMTF began work on developing an object - oriented common information model for management data .
In 1996 , The Open Group was created with the merger of X / Open and OSF ( Open Software Foundation ) .
In 1996 , The Open Group was formed by merging the OSF ( Open Software Foundation ) and X / Open Company Ltd .
In 1996 , the rules were changed again .
In 1996 , the VoIP Forum recommended that members standardize on the ITU 's G.723.1 audio codec , thus providing a path toward interoperable Internet telephony equipment from multiple vendors .
In 1997 , cisco reported over $ 5 billion in annual revenues .
In 1997 , Component Integration Labs , a developer of OpenDoc standards announced that it was closing its site and that it accepted the strength of the component ideas within JavaBeans .
In 1997 , the IETF was looking to standardize e - mail security specifications .
In 1997 , the U . S . FCC ( Federal Communications Commission ) opened up 300 MHz of bandwidth in the 5 GHz range , providing a potential data rate of 10 Mbits / sec for wireless LANs .
In 1997 , voice over frame relay may become more of a reality as companies like MICOM Communications bring their products to market .
In A , the frequency is low , so it is more difficult to transpose the discrete digital signal on the analog transmission .
In A , two LANs are connected across a dial - up , ISDN ( Integrated Services Digital Network ) , or leased line via routers .
In a balanced line , both wires are connected to the generator ( sender ) and receiver and each of the wires has an equal current , but the currents are in opposite directions .
In a bitoriented transmission , data is transmitted as a steady stream of bits .
In a business environment , the middle - tier system holds all the " business logic " for an organization .
In a business environment , the middle - tier system may hold all the " business logic " for an organization .
In a business transaction , multiple databases must coordinate write activities so that all the databases are synchronized .
In a campus environment , each building may have its own equipment room , to which telecommunication closet equipment is connected , and the equipment in this room may then be connected to a central campus facility that provides the main cross - connect for the entire campus .
In a case where multiple sessions require bandwidth reservations , one of those sessions will no doubt have higher priority than another .
In a communication system , throughput is measured as the number of bits or packets that can be processed per second .
In a computer system , a channel provides an input / output interface between the processor and some peripheral device .
In a database , the class " people " may have the subclasses of " male " and " female . " .
In a digital system , signals propagate through the medium as discrete voltage pulses ( i . e . , a positive voltage represents binary 1 and a negative voltage represents binary 0 ) .
In a directory services system like NDS ( Novell Directory Services ) , user accounts appear as objects in the directory tree .
In a distributed environment where activities span multiple hosts with multiple operating systems , authentication and authorization require an independent security service that can be trusted by many hosts .
In a distributed system , many systems may be available with processing power that goes unused .
In a full - duplexed switched environment , there is actually no need for collision detection ( CSMA / CD ) because a dedicated connection is set up between end stations , and each has its own private data pipeto transmit on .
In a full duplex transmission , one transmission is the send channel and the other is the receive channel .
In a helical - scan system , magnetic tape wraps around a moving drum that reads and writes data in parallel , diagonally adjoining paths .
In a LAN , the physical wire may be shared by many different workstations , but when two stations are communicating with one another , the physical wire appears as a circuit between them .
In a LANE ( LAN Emulation ) environment , additional VCs may be required for full duplex mode and overhead .
In a loop configuration , messages are passed from one station to the next .
In a multicast group , some receivers may be slow while others are fast .
In a multicast session , some routers may receive multiple RESV commands for the same flow ID .
In a multistory building , a central hub may connect to hubs on each floor , which in turn connect to hubs in specific areas on that floor , which in turn connect to workstations .
In a network environment , objects may be located on many different computers , and they talk to each other using network protocols .
In a network environment where multiple LANs are connected together with a series of routers , a host is often referred to as the end system or ES .
In a nutshell , a user subscribes to some push service ( such as a stock quote service ) , and once subscribed , information is automatically delivered to the user ( the push client ) at prescribed intervals .
In a one - to - one relationship , a binary 0 may be transmitted as a zero - voltage level , and a binary 1 may be transmitted as + 5V voltage level .
In a one - way relationship , one domain trusts the users in the other domain to use its resources , but not the other way around .
In a one to one correspondence , a binaty 0 may be represented by low voltage on the line , while a binary 1 may be represented by a high voltage .
In a packet - switched network that is connected by routers , such as TCP / IP networks and the Internet , a hop is a jump that a packet takes from one router to the next .
In a packet - switching network , data is divided into packets and transmitted across a network that is shared by other customers .
In a paper on the subject called " Fast IP : The Foundation for 3D Networking , " available at the 3Com Web site , John Hart discusses 3Com 's move to 3D networking .
In a recent sexual harassment case , it was found that an employee forged messages from her boss , but this falsification was only found after the courts had awarded her $ 100,000 .
In a stand - alone system , components run as a unit in the memory space of the same computer .
In a stateful system , both systems must be aware that one or the other has crashed so they can restore the states and prevent data corruption .
In a stateless system , such as NFS , requests are made independently of one another in a connectionless manner .
In a structured wiring system , the horizontal wiring is the cable that runs from a telecommunication wiring closet to workstations , printers , and other network peripherals , usually on one of the floors of a multistory building .
In a true object - oriented database , procedures and data go together .
In a two - way trust relationship , each domain trusts the other .
In a typical client / server environment , both the client and server use the underlying transport and network protocols to handle data transmissions .
In a VLAN - capable network , workstations can be configured to belong to one or more logical LANs .
In accounting environments , documents typically move from clerks to supervisors in various stages of processing and validation .
In ActivCard 's time - plus - event challenge / response mode , the token and the authentication software calculate unique passwords based on an event counter and an internal clock .
In addition , a database may be replicated from the home office to a branch office .
In addition , a management system needs to provide a method for collecting data about the network and reporting it back to managers .
In addition , a multicast router can use IGMP to occasionally broadcast a query on the LAN to determine if any hosts still want to receive broadcasts from the multicast transmitters that it is accepting packets from .
In addition , a new distributed object architecture is emerging in which Java applets and ActiveX controls are downloaded and run on the client .
In addition , a one - way authentication is all that is needed for both parties to obtain a key that can be used to encrypt transmitted data .
In addition , a single strand of glass can carry light in a number of wavelengths ( colors ) , meaning that the data - carrying capacity of fiber - optic cable is potentially thousands of times greater than copper cable .
In addition , a star , or distributed , topology allows for clusters of workstations in departments or other areas .
In addition , a Web browser can be used to access directory services via the HTTP ( Hypertext Transfer Protocol ) protocol using a URL ( Uniform Resource Locator ) name such ashttp : / server . company . com / service .
In addition , an encrypted channel can also be implemented to prevent hackers from making sense out of information that crosses the line .
In addition , an enhancement called I - PNNI ( Integrated PNNI ) will allow legacy routers to participate in the routing process at the level of the individual network .
In addition , an interoperable environment provides the basis for implementing groupware and workflow software applications .
In addition , any host can be a multicast source by simply sending packets addressed to a particular multicast group .
In addition , any incomplete transactions must be rolled back , not just on the crashed server , but on all servers that received the transaction to maintain synchronization .
In addition , appn implements a newer application interface , the CPIC ( Common Programming Interface for Communications ) .
In addition , arpanet spurred the development of TCP / IP , one of the most important protocol suites available today .
In addition , because OSI is a reference model , it is often used when describing other protocols such as TCP / IP .
In addition , both sender and receiver need assurances that messages are from an authentic source , that messages have not been altered or corrupted , and that the sender cannot repudiate the message .
In addition , cdpd handles the type of bursty traffic that is common with network - connected users , such as short exchanges of information like electronic mail or database queries .
In addition , channels have limited bandwidth depending on the medium used , distance , distortion , and other factors .
In addition , clients need to access back - end data using common desktop applications such as Microsoft Access and Excel or Lotus 1 - 2 - 3 .
In addition , discussions can be secured and encrypted .
In addition , domains logically split large networks into groups of resources that make it easy for users to find those resources .
In addition , each object on a Web page , such as a graphic image , is sent using a separate connection .
In addition , every block in the data stream is encoded using a different variation of the key , which reduces the chance that a coding scheme might be revealed over a lengthy transmission .
In addition , exchanging tables can add a lot of overhead , causing congestion and further delays .
In addition , fiber - optic cable can scale up to higher transmission rates for future expansion .
In addition , files can be edited in place without being downloaded to the user 's computer .
In addition , Gigabit Ethernet can provide some of the QoS ( Quality of Service ) features that ATM provides through integrated bandwidth management and the RSVP ( Resource Reservation Protocol ) .
In addition , Gigabit Ethernet is becoming available as this book goes to press .
In addition , GigaLab 's I / O Switching supports native SCSI II and III links , allowing storage devices to connect directly to the switching fabric , as shown on the right in Figure S - 3 .
In addition , hdsl allows four times the distance of a conditioned T1 line .
In addition , if a computer is moved to another location , it still belongs to the same VLAN because its MAC address moves with it .
In addition , if a VP changes to avoid congestion or a downed switch , all the VCs ( potentially over 65,000 ) within the VP change with it .
In addition , if the network needs to change a path to avoid congestion or downed lines , all the VCs set up for a VP are directed along the new path .
In addition , if your company is like most , even a day of downtime is intolerable , and thousands or millions of dollars could be lost while a system is not operating .
In addition , imap provides all the features of POP and can replace POP without disrupting the current mail system .
In addition , increasing the frequency of the signal to boost data transfer rates will require a reduction in cable lengths to avoid signal distortion .
In addition , ip is a packet - switching connectionless datagram service in which packets are sent from one router to the next until they reach their destination .
In addition , isps can make additional peering agreements on their own , and participants usually agree to use the Routing Registry provided by the RA .
In addition , it addresses different applicationspecific directories , such as Lotus Notes , cc : Mail , and Microsoft Mail .
In addition , it assumes that organizations want to open their directory structures for the world to see .
In addition , it includes the all - important session key ( which is eventually distributed to the client and the target server that the user wants to access ) .
In addition , it inserts its own sequence number into the Sequence Number field .
In addition , it is easy to implement .
In addition , it is installed in many organizations and probably will not go away soon .
In addition , it is not necessary for trading partners to have identical business systems or systems that generate compatible documents .
In addition , it removes the cost of instapling and maintaining banks of modems at the corporate site .
In addition , it requires integration into the credit card processing system , which is currently underway .
In addition , it terminates and provides clocking for a circuit .
In addition , ITCs ( independent telephone companies ) were allowed to set up facilities and provide services in the local area .
In addition , links to other conference rooms are set up over ISDN ( Integrated Services Digital Network ) lines .
In addition , macintosh users have relied on the AppleTalk networking protocols and AppleShare servers for all their networking needs .
In addition , mainframe systems are built from the ground up to provide performance , fail - safe operation and reliable security .
In addition , management tools can be retained , although network analyzers will require updates to handle the higher speed .
In addition , many private organizations wanted to get involved and had the resources to support the network .
In addition , many Web transmissions are very short and can often be transmitted in the initial transmission .
In addition , messages should be non revocable , i . e . , the digital signing technique should prevent the sender from claiming that he or she did not send the message .
In addition , most applications are not designed to take advantage of QoS features in networks .
In addition , most networks are not confined to an area that is physically accessible to the network manager or technician .
In addition , most new routers support PPP Multilink ( Point to Point Protocol Multilink ) , which provides automatic bandwidth on demand at any time and is more appropriate for bursty and unpredictable local area network traffic .
In addition , most Web browsers now include mail clients that use Internet mail protocols , so mail clients are essentially everywhere .
In addition , multiple objects can be sent during a single connection .
In addition , netscape integrated SMTP - compatible e - mail services into its Navigator Web browser in 1996 , and Microsoft quickly followed .
In addition , new compression technologies reduce the bandwidth requirements , making real - time delivery of live voice conversations and videoconferencing a reality .
In addition , new object types can be created as necessary to define any type of information .
In addition , new protocols are required that can manage traffic priorities and bandwidth on the network .
In addition , nodes exchange information by sending messages to one another since they can't access a shared memory space .
In addition , numerous e - mail systems have been available in the desktop networking environment .
In addition , objects provide documentation about those objects .
In addition , only IP is handled , although support for IPX will be available in the future .
In addition , organizations that connect with business partners over private networks create a potential avenue for attack .
In addition , outside interference from electrical fields generated by motors , fluorescent lights , and other electrical devices can further corrupt the signal .
In addition , PBX hardware , often proprietary and in need of updating , can be replaced .
In addition , pcs devices require less power and so can be smaller and lighter .
In addition , peer - to - peer features allow some systems to act as both clients and servers .
In addition , proper twisting must be maintained all the way up to connectors .
In addition , public folders serve as repositories for shared messages , forms , documents , applications , and databases .
In addition , rmon can provide useful information about traffic flows that can be used to monitor and manage sessions .
In addition , routers exchange routing information tables .
In addition , sap broadcast are not important to workstations on the other side of a wide area link .
In addition , schemes for prioritizing traffic , such as 3Com 's PACE ( priority access control enabled ) , are also helpful .
In addition , separate route paths are calculated for each different protocol ( IP , SNA , IPX , etc . ) .
In addition , since memory is not shared , a messaging system must be used by nodes to exchange information .
In addition , since multiple VCs share the same path through the network , they can take advantage of the same management functions .
In addition , smaller frames are preferred on some networks , which means there are more frames and thus more acknowledgments .
In addition , software updates are easier with most of the software located on central servers .
In addition , some protocols require that individual frames and packets or groups of frames and packets be acknowledged by the receiver .
In addition , some proxy servers use SOCKS , an authentication protocol , and require that clients have software that can negotiate with SOCKS .
In addition , some traffic is simply routed .
In addition , spread spectrum signals produce little if any interference with other signals .
In addition , Sun Microsystems ' NFS is the common distributed file - sharing system included with UNIX , although the AFS is also used .
In addition , the CA must verify the contents of the certificate .
In addition , the circuits can be combined into a single 128 Kbit / sec channel .
In addition , the class C address space is divided into four world zones ( Europe , North America , central and South America , and Asia and the Pacific ) .
In addition , the designers made sure that SONET could be extended high up into the gigabit - per - second range .
In addition , the developers kept the frame format .
In addition , the GigaLabs server switch filters out network traffic that is not important to the server .
In addition , the IETF and IEEE are working out interoperability issues and coming up with standards .
In addition , the IETF has a range of working groups that are developing transport layer extensions related to multimedia transport , satellite connections , and other issues .
In addition , the Internet can be used to communicate with and manage remote sites .
In addition , the Internet can provide inexpensive long - distance connections between remote offices , or between remote or mobile users at the cost of monthly fees paid to ISPs .
In addition , the Java specification has been undergoing continuous revision to handle enterprise - wide application development .
In addition , the maximum distance between adjacent stations is 2 km .
In addition , the new CIFS ( Common Internet File System ) , which allows file sharing across the Internet , is based on SMB .
In addition , the phone companies have call management systems and newer data services in place such as frame relay .
In addition , the polarity indicates whether the problem is a short or an open connection .
In addition , the technology is not just for the Internet .
In addition , there are a variety of clients .
In addition , there are few international regulatory constraints , so vendors can ship IrDA - enabled products around the world .
In addition , there are ports for either thick Ethernet or 10Base - T Ethernet .
In addition , there are practical limitations to the size of a flat network .
In addition , there are symmetrical ( single - key ) and asymmetrical ( two - key ) ciphers .
In addition , there are synchronization problems related to making changes to interdependent systems .
In addition , they are much cheaper than leased lines , as outlined earlier in Table V - 1 .
In addition , they can mimic dedicated circuits through " virtual circuit " capabilities .
In addition , users and sites can connect using a variety of connections methods , including 28.8 - Kbit / sec modem dial - up lines or high - speed dedicated leased lines into the Internet .
In addition , users can choose to use a particular type of certificate , or no certificate at all .
In addition , users can communicate with other users to exchange e - mail and form workgroups .
In addition , users log on to the network , not to an individual server .
In addition , voice and videoconferencing over the Internet has become an inexpensive reality .
In addition , Windows NT Server has much better security features .
In addition , you need to install a separate proxy for each application you want to support .
In addition to being able to extend a single LAN to greater distances , it provides a frameforwarding service between the LANs it connects .
In addition to protecting current data , many organizations must store data on a permanent basis for legal reasons .
In advanced systems , changes made to a central database automatically affect network devices .
In all cases , administrators must ensure that mobile users stay connected with printers , fax machines , modems , and other devices that are attached to networks at the home office and that users maintain the ability to communicate with other users via electronic mail .
In all cases , the exchange sites provide a place for ISPs to exchange traffic and routing information .
In all cases , traditional ATM setup and signaling is bypassed to obtain speed and support for legacy systems .
In all cases , traffic arriving at the ISP is shuttled directly into a pipe that connects to the Internet .
In all these cases , someone who gets the password can log on as the user .
In almost all cases , it is easy to avoid viruses if one is careful to never copy files from unknown or untrusted sources .
In AM ( amplitude modulation ) , modulation changes the strength or amplitude of the carrier signal .
In AM , the height or amplitude of the wave is changed between two levels to match the digital data input .
In an actual installation , the cable snakes its way through a building from office to office .
In an analog transmission system , signals propagate through the medium as continuously varying electromagnetic waves .
In an ATM cell header , a VPI ( Virtual Path Identifier ) identifies a link formed by a virtual path and a VCI ( Virtual Channel Identifier ) identifies a channel within a virtual path .
In an attempt to consolidate the industry on a common UNIX operating system , novell gave the UNIX trademark to the X / Open organization .
In an HMS system , little - used files or files that have been marked for migration are moved from magnetic disk to optical disk , where they remain available to users .
In an IBM mainframe environment , a communication controller and a link - attached cluster controller are examples of DTEs .
In an ideal switching environment , only one computer is attached to each port .
In an internetwork , the individual networks that are joined are called subnetworks or subnets .
In an IP environment , a VLAN is a set of IP addresses that equate to a subnetwork .
In an object - oriented , distributed computing environment , an ORB ( object request broker ) can provide the key communication facility for communication among the applications , services , and facilities of the network .
In an unbalanced line , current flows through the signal conductor and returns on the ground .
In another case , he created a fake user ID with a magnetic strip made of electrical tape .
In another case , he walked into a company 's branch office claiming to work for the corporate office .
In any communication session between devices , control codes are used to control another device or provide information about the status of the session .
In any communication session between devices , control codes are used to control another device or provide information about the status of the session .
In any communication that requires encryption , there is always a security risk in getting the encryption key to the parties involved .
In asymmetrical multiprocessing , each CPU ( central processing unit ) is dedicated to a specific function , such as network interface card I / O , or file operations .
In asynchronous communications , a character is coded as a string of bits and separated bya " startofcharacter " bit and " stop " bit .
In asynchronous communications , each character is separated by the equivalent of a flag so you know exactly where characters are located .
In B , the bandwidth is much higher and more capable of representing the discrete digital signal without distortion .
In B , three separate department or divisional networks are interconnected via routers to a backbone network .
In between are so - called superservers , systems that run many processors in parallel and include arrays of disks and fully redundant hardware systems .
In between is software that defines and controls how applications take advantage of the underlying network .
In both cases , scripting languages are available to provide functionality between objects that are added to containers .
In buying a PVC , you specify the two end points of a connection , and the provider supplies you with a guaranteed data rate between those end points .
In campus environments , microwave systems may be more practical than burying cable .
In campus environments or metropolitan areas , it may be more practical to use wireless systems to connect networks .
In cases where public - key certificates are not available , it is possible for a sender and receiver to use a session key that they have exchanged in advance .
In coaxial cable Ethernet implementations , workstations are connected in a daisy - chain fashion by attaching segments of cable between each station as shown on the left in Figure E - 7 .
In computer communication , a sending modem modulates a digital signal into an analog wave for transmission over a voice telephone line .
In contrast , a connectionless transmission occurs when data is sent to a device without the sender first establishing contact with the receiver .
In contrast , a dedicated circuit such as a T1 line has a fixed capacity ( 1.544 Mbits / sec ) .
In contrast , a half - duplex connection allows data to flow in only one direction at a time .
In contrast , a nondedicated server is set up in environments with light network loads in which local users run processes and applications on a system that is running the server process .
In contrast , a parallel port , which is normally used to connect a printer , has eight lines for transmitting data bits ( a byte at a time ) in parallel .
In contrast , a parallel transmission involves sending multiple bits simultaneously across multiple wires in the same cable , similar to a multilane freeway .
In contrast , a point to point link is an unshared connection between two systems .
In contrast , a shared system connects a number of devices that can transmit on the same medium , but only one at a time .
In contrast , a stateless connection is best described by a client / server connection on the Web .
In contrast , a synchronous transmission is a precisely timed stream of bits in which the start of a character is located by using a clocking mechanism .
In contrast , a synchronous transmission is characterized by a long string of bits in which each character in the string is demarcated with a timing signal .
In contrast , a Web browser caches information from Web sites that is eventually pushed out of the cache , depending on how large the cache is .
In contrast , an analog communication system like the voice telephone network transmits continuous analog signals that vary in amplitude and frequency over time .
In contrast , an SVC ( switched virtual circuit ) establishes a temporary virtual circuit between individual workstations , with sessions lasting only as long as needed .
In contrast , appn networks can configure themselves using route discovery methods .
In contrast , bitoriented protocols rely on individual bits for control codes .
In contrast , bitoriented protocols rely on individual bits for control information and are a preferred method for transmitting data .
In contrast , bri and PRI are circuit - switching services .
In contrast , broadband ISDN has a packet - switched orientation and can be scaled up to very high data rates .
In contrast , cdma installations have been plagued by interference and poor quality .
In contrast , connectionless services like IP send datagrams to recipient systems without first notifying them .
In contrast , CSMA / CD network transmissions are broadcast over the entire network .
In contrast , dedicated leased lines are always connected between two sites .
In contrast , digital signals are more reliable over long distances because they can be regenerated without distortion .
In contrast , fiber - optic cable transmits light signals ( photons ) through a core of pure silicon dioxide that is so clear , a three - mile thick window of it would not distort the view .
In contrast , frame relay networks do not have many QoS features because the designers traded them off for speed .
In contrast , full duplex transmission can take place in two directions at the same time , usually on two separate wires or , as in radio transmissions , over two different frequencies .
In contrast , internet mail is an open and pervasive standard that is easy to use .
In contrast , ISDN ( Integrated Services Digital Network ) provides nondedicated circuit capabilities and allows users to dial any other site .
In contrast , java has rapidly emerged as a very serious programming language and development tool for intranets and the Internet .
In contrast , lans are connectionless environments in which frames are directed to a LAN switch without first setting up a circuit .
In contrast , linked objects pose complications when moving a compound document .
In contrast , long - distance providers such as AT &amp; T , MCI , and US Sprint are called IXCs ( interexchange carriers ) .
In contrast , Lotus Notes is well established , and the company has made the product Internet compatible with Domino .
In contrast , mom uses the store - and - forward model .
In contrast , NAMPS ( narrow band AMPS ) has 10 kHz channels .
In contrast , network layer protocols are concerned with moving packets across multiple networks and provide an addressing scheme and routing functions for doing this .
In contrast , obtaining reliable dedicated circuits in some countries is next to impossible .
In contrast , olap systems are used to read the data warehouse information and make sense of it .
In contrast , snmp is common , primarily because it is an Internet design that has been well tested .
In contrast , synchronous transmissions are used as data links between large systems that transfer large amounts of information on a regular basis .
In contrast , taps in fiber - optic cable are easily detected .
In contrast , the agent may also alert the management system about special events on a device .
In contrast , the AMPS system and TDMA systems concentrate channels into a narrow band that is easy to monitor with radio receivers .
In contrast , the traditional method of sending messages on the Internet , called unicasting , is a one - to - one transmission .
In contrast , the TSheldon object branching from the MIS container only has access to objects in the MIS container by default , although access to resources in other containers ( such as other divisions or departments ) can be granted .
In contrast , two computers on different subnetworks need to know each other 's IP address to transmit messages .
In contrast , vertical wiring is the cable that stretches from the wiring closet on each floor to the main equipment room in the basement or first floor of the building .
In contrast to a LAN , an internetwork is a collection of LANs that are connected by routers .
In contrast to CDMA , new digital cellular systems use a different channel allocation technique called TDMA ( Time Division Multiple Access ) .
In data communications , analog signals are used to transmit information over the telephone system or over radio transmission systems ( such as satellite links ) .
In database management systems , apis bind the user applications with the data management system .
In densely populated areas such as downtown metropolitan areas , one or more large cells may be subdivided into smaller cells while outlying cells retain their original size .
In distributed environments , a transaction can involve more than one system and database .
In distributed file systems , similar data may be stored on systems in different locations , thus balancing the storage load and placing data closer to the user .
In doing so , it flows through the computer systems attached to the cable and causes noise problems .
In DRDA , clients are called ARs ( application requesters ) and back - end servers are called ASs ( application servers ) .
In each iteration , the bits in each half are shifted to the left to change the key values .
In early 1996 , ibm unveiled OS / 2 Warp Server as an enhancement to LAN Server .
In early 1996 , transarc released DE - Light , which allows Web browsers to connect into DCE networks and take advantage of transaction processing .
In early 1997 , it announced its vision for the future , called the Networked Enterprise .
In early 1997 , sprint began financing a national PCS ( Personal Communications Services ) network with its cable partners TCI , Cox , and Comcast .
In either case , both servers engage in a conversation in which specific newsgroup information is requested and then delivered .
In either case , Internet VPNs trade off the guaranteed capacity and predictability available on frame relay or ATM virtual circuits for the low cost of creating VPNs over the Internet .
In either case , the user sharing the files gives the same password to any user that needs to access the files .
In either case , two organizations have decided to share information and allow users to interact between the organizations .
In essence , an Ethernet or token ring NIC in a workstation can appear to be an ATM NIC .
In essence , the user 's computer is now an extension of the ISP 's IP network and the user 's serial port and modem have the same functionality as a network interface card that is connected to the ISP 's network .
In Ethernet networks , stations broadcast packet transmissions on a shared medium .
In Europe , the ETSI ( European Telecommunications Standards Institute ) is concerned with telecommunication standards for Eastern and Western Europe .
In even parity , a parity bit is selected so that the character has an even number of 1s .
In fact , a multicluster system is designed to allow scaling as well as fault tolerance .
In fact , almost any document created on a Windows systems can be faxed .
In fact , almost nine million people log on to a VM system every day .
In fact , any device that uses electricity in a nonlinear way can cause transients that affect other devices .
In fact , bandwidth may become so inexpensive that it will cost too much for carriers to meter it .
In fact , companies can work with Verisign to create custom containers with specific information fields .
In fact , computer CD - ROM drives will play audio compact discs .
In fact , Cornell University is in the process of replacing its PBX ( private branch exchange ) systems with a phone system that runs over its network .
In fact , i sometimes wonder whether we are getting too locked into this technology .
In fact , ibm and other vendors like Cisco are developing hardware and software for integrating legacy systems into TCP / IP networks , not the other way around .
In fact , ibm and other vendors like Cisco Systems are developing hardware and software for integrating legacy systems into TCP / IP networks , not the other way around .
In fact , if you are building a network operating system , you don't really need to know what type of framing the underlying hardware uses .
In fact , iiop may upstage HTTP ( Hypertext Transfer Protocol ) as the client / server protocol on the Web .
In fact , it allows any person to encrypt a message and send it to another person without any prior exchange or agreement .
In fact , it is reversed to the point where backbone networks now handle a majority of the network traffic .
In fact , it was broken by a group of computers linked over the Internet as this book was being written .
In fact , lan emulation is synonymous with ATM - switching backbones .
In fact , ldap is the primary protocol for Active Directory .
In fact , mainframe systems are coming back because organizations need powerful central processing systems .
In fact , many network analyzers are distributed on the Internet by the hacker community for the express purpose of capturing sensitive information on networks , such as passwords sent in the clear .
In fact , many network analyzers are incapable of monitoring switched networks , leaving RMON as the only way to capture and / or analyze traffic between switches and desktop systems .
In fact , mci stands for Microwave Communications , Inc . , although the company has distanced itself from that name because it no longer matches the technologies used by the company .
In fact , meetings become events that take place over days , and in which attendees make contributions at their convenience using electronic mail or the bulletin board system .
In fact , modems that provide asynchronous operation for users may switch to synchronous mode for extended transmissions .
In fact , most of the database architectures and query languages ( such as SQL ) used to access the DBMS on a database server have roots in the mainframe world .
In fact , one of the reasons for tag switching is to reduce the size of the routing tables , which are becoming too large and unmanageable in routers on the Internet .
In fact , spread spectrum signals can occupy the same band as narrow band signals .
In fact , surge suppressors are often a cause of grounding problems because many devices route surges to ground .
In fact , the client talks to the SOCKS server and the SOCKS server talks to the target server on the external network .
In fact , the clouds representing the local , regional , and national network in C of Figure R - 7 typically look more like this mesh network .
In fact , the local loop is likely the best candidate for improved digital services to the home .
In fact , the only remaining analog portion of the phone system is the twisted pair wire that runs between homes and the telephone companies ' central offices , which are usually buildings in the local neighborhood .
In fact , the phone company extends multichannel digital lines ( T1 and T3 lines ) .
In fact , transmitting fax over the Internet is very practical because real - time delivery is not required .
In fact , user TCP / IP packets are put into PPP frames for transport across the dial - up link to an ISP ( Internet service provider ) .
In fact , vendors of popular Web browsers are installing transaction security features in their browsers that are based on work done by CommerceNet and its members .
In fact , web technologies are bringing back the old model of centralization in which both data and processing are handled on central computer systems .
In fact , when you access a server on the Web , the server 's operating system and hardware platform are unimportant .
In fact , winframe is getting so much attention because of the move to " thin clients . .
In February of 1997 , the IAHC ( International Ad Hoc Committee ) announced seven new gTLDs ( generic top - level domains ) , in addition to the existing ones ( . com , . net , and . org ) , under which Internet names may be registered .
In February of 1997 , the IAHC ( International Ad Hoc Committee ) announced seven new gTLDs ( generic top - level domains ) , in addition to the existing ones ( . com , . net , and . org ) , under which Internet names may be registered .
In Figure C - 7 , several clients access a single server .
In Figure G - 2 , note that high - performance superservers are connected directly to the Gigabit Ethernet switch .
In Figure H - 4 , a packet arriving at an input port on a router is first stored in memory .
In Figure H - 8 , workstations attached to the same repeater hub can communicate among themselves because they are in the same broadcast domain .
In Figure I - 17 , a path is found through the switch controllers .
In Figure L - 5 , us and UK are of object class Country , while Microsoft and BigCorp are of the object class Organization .
In Figure N - 17 ( b ) , shared hubs are replaced with switches , providing better performance for individual users .
In Figure N - 17 ( c ) , the entire network is converted to a large switched network with the addition of a high - speed ATM or Gigabit Ethernet backbone switching hub .
In Figure N - 5 , westdiv is a container object that holds the Los Angeles , MIS , and San Diego objects .
In Figure P - 4 , three groups ( A , B , and C ) exist , each representing one level of a hierarchy .
In Figure R - 4 , the Windows NT Server computer that holds the master data is called the export server , it replicates data to import servers .
In Figure T - 2 ( a ) , the entire T1 line is used for data .
In Figure T - 2 ( b ) , a multiplexor fills the time slots in the T1 channel with voice or data .
In Figure T - 2 ( c ) , a T1 inverse multiplexor is used to combine multiple T1 lines into a single high - bandwidth channel between two network sites .
In Figure T - 6 , the dotted lines indicate the addition of these trunks .
In Figure V - 5 , the VLANs are pictured above the physical network .
In FM ( frequency modulation ) , the frequency of the carrier signal is modulated .
In FM , the frequency of a signal changes depending on the binary input .
In general , a cellular telephone system is a multiple access system .
In general , a firewall provides extensive controls for filtering and monitoring both incoming and outgoing traffic .
In general , an agent is a background process that performs an action when an event occurs .
In general , Cisco IOS QoS provides a way for ISPs to " generate revenue by defining , customizing , delivering and charging for differentiated , value - added network services , " according to Cisco .
In general , each channel can transmit one voice conversation or transmit data at a rate of 9,600 bits / sec .
In general , mom provides peer - to - peer messaging among many different types of applications in a distributed computing environment .
In general , most distance vector routing algorithms are not suitable for larger networks that have thousands of nodes or if the network configuration changes often .
In general , sna traffic on enterprise networks and on WANs will no doubt decrease significantly over the next few years as new methods for accessing traditional IBM systems take hold .
In general , switchedbased building blocks are the components you need to build a highspeed hierarchical network that maintains high performance under big traffic loads .
In general , the best place to go for information about all the Internet organizations and committees , and to get a starting place for further links , is the IETF ( Internet Engineering Task Force ) Web site at http : / / www . ietf . org .
In general , the best place to go for information about all the Internet organizations and committees and for a starting place for further links is the IETF Web site at http : / / www . ietf . org .
In general , the software provides a way to prioritize data applications , provide delay - sensitive traffic with QoS , and prevent the LAN from being flooded with multicast data flows .
In general , these topics are described in more detail where mentioned , or you can refer to " TCP ( Transmission Control Protocol ) " for a description of how transport layer services are implemented in the Internet environment .
In general , web technologies are discussed further under " Web Technologies and Concepts . " .
In heterogeneous environments , database connections between clients and servers is not always easy .
In heterogeneous environments where networks consist of different network technologies ( frame relay , ATM , tag switching ) , precedence can be mapped into the frame or cell to provide end - to - end QoS .
In high - security environments , remote users will almost always require a user account and must be properly authenticated before they can access a file .
In internal networks , virtual networks are defined as subnetworks or VLANs ( virtual LANs ) .
In IP Switching schemes , high - volume traffic is detected by an IP switch controller at the core of the network and an end - to - end virtual circuit is created without involving the end devices .
In ISO terminology , x.400 is called the MOTIS ( Message - Oriented Text Interchange System ) .
In its place , the IETF was considering Phil Zimmermann 's Open PGP .
In its simplest form , configuration management has to do with storing information about devices on the network such as bridges , routers , workstations , servers , and other equipment .
In its simplest form , digital data is transmitted as high - or low - voltage pulses .
In January of 1997 , the FCC ( Federal Communications Commission ) granted 300 MHz of spectrum at 5.15 to 5.35 GHz and 5.725 to 5.825 GHz for U - NII ( Unlicensed National Information Infrastructure ) .
In January of 1997 , the U . S . FCC ( Federal Communications Commission ) announced that it would allocate 300 MHz of spectrum ( from 5.15  5.35 GHz and 5.725  5.825 GHz ) for unlicensed public use as a wireless component of the National Information Infrastructure called the U - NII ( Unlicensed NII ) .
In July of 1997 , RMI 's developer , JavaSoft , announced that RMI requests would be enabled to travel over IIOP and that RMI functionality would be built into IIOP .
In June of 1996 , MAE EAST 's FDDI switch was switching 380 Mbits / sec .
In June of 1997 , the IEEE ( Institute of Electrical and Electronic Engineers ) approved the 802.11 wireless LAN specification , which spells out interoperability standards for 1 - Mbit / sec to 2 - Mbit / sec wireless LAN devices .
In late 1996 , ibm announced AIX Version 4.2 , a version that includes support for Lotus Notes 4.5 and Domino , the Internet - enabled version of Notes .
In late 1997 , the IETF was evaluating S / MIME as an Internet standard for e - mail privacy but dropped it due to RSA 's licensing and security issues .
In long runs , there is a possibility that secondary grounds can form on the cable , causing noise problems and the potential for electric shock .
In manual configuration , you must assign an address at every workstation on the network .
In many cases , a Gigabit Ethernet switch can replace an existing Fast Ethernet switch with little other modification to the network .
In many cases , it also restricts operations to a single Web server that can quickly become overloaded .
In many cases , this provides more efficient communication because an entire transmission can be sent in one or two UDP datagrams .
In many network operating system environments , there is one login script that runs when a user logs in .
In medieval times , local townspeople and traders were usually allowed to enter the market yard of the castle with relative ease so they could deliver or pick up goods .
In meters may be exceeded in point - to - point and engineered applications .
In mid - 1997 , apple released Mac OS 8 , a multithreaded system for executing multiple tasks simultaneously , such as launching applications and copying files .
In mission - critical environments , this is usually unacceptable , so dynamic routers are used that automatically locate and determine the best paths through the internetwork and dynamically recalculate paths when lines fail .
In modern terms , telecommunication is the electronic transmission of sound , data , facsimiles , pictures , voice , video , and other information between systems using either analog or digital signaling techniques .
In more general terms , people talk about packets of data moving from one system to another .
In most cases , a high - speed gigabit - per - second backbone hub is the solution .
In most cases , a message sent from one user to another is routed through a number of SMTP servers before it reaches its destination .
In most cases , addressing a message to another person in the organization is a simple matter of scanning through the directory tree to locate the division and department where the user works .
In most cases , an organization can use the same twisted - pair cabling systems it installed for 10Base - T networks .
In most cases , attacks require time , money , and coordination of resources .
In most cases , it is possible for the administrator or supervisor of a network or server to set limits on the amount of time a user can access the system , the amount of disk space a user can use , and the resources a user can access .
In most cases , line noise and other problems reduce the actual data rate that a modem can achieve over a dial - up line .
In most cases , local ISPs connect into the regional ISPs , which in turn connect into national or global ISPs .
In most cases , ppp is the preferred protocol .
In most cases , the backup system tracks open files and returns to back them up later .
In most cases , the network over which packets travel will impose a more realistic packet size of about 1,500 bytes .
In most cases , these steps represent most of what you will do when interacting with an FTP server .
In most cases , users log into a single security server and then obtain an access token that can be used to access other systems .
In NetWare , a separate auditor account exists that can monitor the activities of the administrator .
In NetWare , the SAP ( Service Advertising Protocol ) broadcasts information about available services on the network that other network devices can listen to .
In NetWare , these restrictions can be assigned individually to each account or assigned as default settings that are applied when new accounts are created .
In NetWare 4 , NDS ( Novell Directory Services ) helps reduce the need for SAP because the NDS database can be consulted for service locations .
In NetWare 4.x , the concept of inheritance also works in container objects of NDS ( Novell Directory Services ) .
In NetWare 4.x , there are up to four login scripts , any of which may execute when a user logs in .
In network operating systems such as Novell NetWare , volumes are the primary unit of storage .
In North America , the carrier installs an NT ( network termination ) device at the customer site .
In North America , there is a hierarchical FDM scheme originally outlined by AT &amp; T for transmitting signals on systems that have different capacities .
In objectoriented systems , objects that represent resources like file servers and printers have ACLs .
In October 1995 , it extended SIR 's data rate to 4 Mbits / sec with a standard called Fast IR .
In October of 1996 , microsoft turned control of ActiveX technology , which is built on DCOM , over to The Open Group , an industry consortium that manages open software development .
In odd parity , the parity bit is selected so that the character has an odd number of 1s .
In older SNA networks , network elements were defined in a VTAM table stored in a mainframe .
In older versions of NetWare , a person that installed a server became the supervisor for that server only , with unlimited rights to manage that server .
In one case , he showed up at the computer room as a technician with network hardware in hand .
In one case , students used multiple Internet computers and brute force techniques to break an encryption scheme .
In one day , the majority of the connected networks made the transition .
In online transaction processing , transactions are executed immediately , as opposed to batch processing , in which a batch of transactions is stored over a period of time , then executed later .
In order for an antivirus program to detect the latest viruses , it must be periodically updated with the latest identifiers by the vendor .
In order for merchants to automatically and safely collect and process payments from Internet clients , a secure protocol is required that is supported by major credit card companies , vendors , consumers , and software developers .
In order for networks to support large numbers of voice calls , networks with high data rates are required .
In order for users to open files in a directory , the Read right is usually sufficient , although List may also be required to display a listing of the files in a directory .
In order to comply with the NEC ( National Electrical Code ) , all cable installed in the plenum space , which is the airspace between the ceiling and the next floor or roof , must be installed in metal conduit , or must meet local fire codes .
In order to have a client get its IP address from a DHCP server , you configure the client to " obtain its address automatically from a host server . " .
In other cases , packets may go through LAPs .
In other cases , the client and server share the work .
In other words , a domain might be an internetwork administered by a university or a company .
In other words , all the operations are guaranteed to complete successfully , or they are backed out on each system where they were attempted so the operation can be tried again .
In other words , if a band is divided into three time - division channels , every third slot is allocated to carry information for a user whether or not there is information to transmit .
In other words , if a cached file has a callback promise , the client knows the file must be current unless the server has called to indicate the file changed at the server .
In other words , if a user needs a constant bit rate for video , then he or she should be able to request it ( or the application should request it ) from the ATM network .
In other words , it is concerned with developing a chain of legitimate CAs .
In other words , it is not necessary to start the application used to create the object , make changes , and then repaste the object into the compound document .
In other words , it trusts that another AS has properly identified and validated a user .
In other words , it will keep trying to send until a time - out occurs .
In other words , the entire network operates as a single logical communication channel , in which transmissions from one computer are " broadcast " to all other computers .
In other words , the frame format and medium access method are the same .
In other words , the IBM host simply becomes part of the network .
In other words , the MAN is an integrated voice and data network .
In other words , traffic generated by users in a group should stay confined to their group .
In parity checking , the numbers of 1s in groups must always be the same , either even or odd , to indicate that a group of bits was transmitted without error .
In particular , customers and vendors are still trying to figure out how to meld existing LAN technology into ATM networks ( for example , see " IP over ATM " ) .
In particular , hdml addresses pocket - sized devices , which are constrained to a few lines of display , a limited keypad , and little memory .
In particular , hpr has ATM - like QoS ( quality of service ) features that could possible be mapped to ATM .
In particular , html can provide a universal container in which to place HTML text and controls , Java applets , and native code components .
In particular , interface controls are available , such as the following :
In particular , it lets managers monitor the amount of traffic that is produced by individual applications running in workstations and servers .
In particular , msmq provides support for Microsoft Transaction Server and the Microsoft Distributed Transactions Coordinator .
In particular , mts simplifies the development of applications that require transaction processing .
In particular , mts simplifies the development of applications that require transaction processing .
In particular , Netscape 's product is fully compatible with public - key infrastructures .
In particular , note the links on this page that describe MIBs .
In particular , refer to " MPLS ( Multiprotocol Label Switching ) " for more information about the IETF label - switching specifications , or visit the IETF 's Web site on this topic at the address listed under " Information on the Internet " at the end of this section .
In particular , refer to the subheading , " QoS on the Internet and Intranets . " .
In particular , switches often have the intelligence to switch packets at high speed between VLANs once a path has been defined by a router or a special route server device that relays routing information to switches .
In particular , the product identifies the CIR you need and demonstrates in charts and graphs how much burst or excess bandwidth is appropriate , taking the normal guesswork out of such activities .
In particular , the Red Book , which has the official title " Trusted Network Interpretation ( TNI ) , " describes the TCSEC in terms of computer networks .
In particular , the slow start technique used at the beginning of a communication is inefficient over satellite links .
In particular , WinSock 2 now supports real - time multimedia communications across a variety of communication infrastructures .
In particular , you should refer to " Data Communication Concepts , " " Data Link Protocols , " " Network Layer Protocols , " and " Transport Protocols and Services " for more information .
In phase 2 , as illustrated at the bottom of Figure A9 , the customer obtains a private ATM switch and performs all frametocell conversion .
In practice , public - key cryptography is combined with a secret - key cryptography system , such as DES , to create digital envelopes .
In previous versions of Windows NT , the domain was the scope of administration and security .
In protocol stacks , data moves down from the application layer to the physical layer .
In public - switched carrier services such as ATM or frame relay , customers negotiate the endpoints of PVCs in advance with the carrier .
In radio communication , a broadcast is a onetomany signal transmission .
In reality , the carrier guarantees an agreed - upon bandwidth through its switching system and trunk lines .
In recent years , vines has not been able to keep market share and its future remains in doubt , especially as other , more powerful network operating systems , such as Novell NetWare and Windows NT , with their own directory services , are pushed to market with much more enthusiasm and dollars by their vendors .
In SDLC , a primary station controls the operation of other secondary stations .
In short , there is no way on earth you can create a competitive Macintosh , Windows , or even Solaris application .
In simple terms , a flux transition can represent a digital 1 , and the absence of a transition can represent a digital 0 .
In SMDS ( Switched Multi megabit Data Services ) , a packet structure is defined on top of a cell - switching structure .
In some areas , a single cell may be adequate , but in metropolitan areas , it is usually necessary to create a honeycomb of smaller cells .
In some cases , a cell may be as small as a single block or building .
In some cases , a large number of modems are shrunk down and integrated onto a single adapter or motherboard as a module for a rack system .
In some cases , a route server provides centralized control and routing of traffic between VLANs .
In some cases , a Trojan horse is not destructive .
In some cases , an acknowledgment may never arrive back from the destination .
In some cases , an administrator may choose to block some topics , such as those with dubious content .
In some cases , each client must run special software to access the firewall .
In some cases , hubs may need power .
In some cases , hundreds of computers connected by the Internet have been used to work on a single task .
In some cases , internal networks should be disconnected from external networks , but firewall technology has vastly improved to provide a way to keep intruders out while letting real customers in .
In some cases , it may be more economical to leave a dial - up line on all the time rather than lease a dedicated line from a carrier .
In some cases , long stretches of " nothing " are removed .
In some cases , looping occurs in which a packet goes through the same node more than once .
In some cases , telephony devices might be connected over a network , but the signals that cross the network are for control .
In some cases , the only traffic traveling between sites is electronic mail , file updates , backups , and similar information .
In some cases , the original program is often replaced with an infected program .
In some cases , the processing load is so large that multiple servers are clustered together and processing is distributed among the servers ( this is called load balancing ) , as shown on the left in Figure S - 2 .
In some cases , the server does most of the work .
In some cases , the switch itself checks a local routing table to determine what to do with a packet .
In some cases , the wrong cable may have been installed , or it may be of inferior quality .
In some cases , this is done by installing two or more NICs .
In some cases , using software - based compression is preferred .
In some cases , you might be pointed in a direction that avoids construction or congestion .
In some distributed file systems ( such as the Andrew File System ) , client workstations maintain a cache on a local hard disk ( rather than in RAM memory ) for information requested from servers .
In some environments , a company can lose thousands or millions of dollars when data systems are not available .
In some respects , the intranet model has achieved better results at less cost and with fewer configuration problems than the traditional enterprise model .
In source routing , loops are avoided , so it is much easier and safer to create parallel redundant paths over wide area links to remote locations .
In source routing , the packets themselves hold the forwarding information .
In stream mode , data is passed down to the lowerlevel transport protocol , which handles segmenting the data for transfer .
In subsequent years , the ITU got involved with telephony regulation , wireless radiocommunications , and sound broadcasting .
In symmetrical multiprocessing , which is generally agreed to be superior to asymmetrical multiprocessing ( but harder to implement ) , any CPU can handle any task if it is available to do so .
In synchronous communications , both the sender and receiver are synchronized with a clock or a signal encoded into the data stream .
In synchronous communications , the sender and receiver must synchronize with one another before data is sent .
In synchronous mode , a clock signal separates the beginning and end of each frame of data .
In telecommunication , a channel may take one of the following forms :
In that year , 20 countries agreed to standardize telegraph networks .
In the " challenge / response " mode , a user attempting to access a secure site is issued a challenge by the host authentication server .
In the 16th century , essex and Cromwell overran many castles in Ireland with little artillery .
In the 1970s , departmental LANs were build with a variety of cable media .
In the 1970s and 1980s , coaxial cable was used for building a vast majority of networks .
In the 1980s , the process of standardizing the language was initiated by the ISO ( International Organization for Standardization ) , the ANSI ( American National Standards Institute ) , and X / Open ( now part of The Open Group ) .
In the 1980s , vendors and standards organizations saw a need to standardize cabling schemes and eventually created the TIA / EIA - 568 structured cabling standard .
In the ActiveX scheme of things , a user 's Web browser ( or active desktop ) is considered a container that can hold ActiveX controls .
In the actual network , each fiber ring follows different routes to avoid local disasters .
In the ALOHA system , a system transmits whenever data is available to send .
In the area of structured cabling for networks , the EIA has recently joined with the TIA ( Telecommunications Industry Association ) to create the Commercial Building Telecommunications Wiring Standards ( TIA / EIA 568 and 569 ) , which define hierarchical wiring systems in campus environments using data - grade twisted - pair wire .
In the arena of low - end videoconferencing systems , CU - SeeMe was developed at Cornell University in 1992 , signaling the start of the dial - up videoconferencing industry .
In the ATM environment , there are VPs ( virtual paths ) and VCs ( virtual circuits ) .
In the carrier networks , atm cells are delivered across a physical network called SONET ( Synchronous Optical Network ) , which now makes up the trunk topology for most of the phone system in the United States .
In the case of a data transmission , the dictionary is passed to a receiving system so it knows how to decode the characters .
In the case of a diskless workstation , boot information is typically obtained from a network server .
In the case of a law firm , document management tracks all activities occurring with a document , such as the number of keystrokes , revisions , and printings , so clients can be charged for the services .
In the case of IBM , LAN Server was replaced with OS / 2 Warp Server .
In the case of ISDN connections , stac compression can be used on both B channels ( normally 65 Kbits / sec each ) to gain a peak throughput of up to 512 Kbits / sec .
In the case of Microsoft , LAN Manager was replaced by Windows NT Server , a self - sufficient operating system that does not require OS / 2 .
In the case of multimedia objects , editing is a bit of a misnomer .
In the case of NetWare 4.x , you can enable automatic compression for specific files , or all files that reside on a volume or in a specific directory .
In the case of satellite transmissions , the delay is often noticeable , especially for voice and video transmissions .
In the case of stock quotes , updates may occur in real time , every 15 minutes , or at the users discretion .
In the case where LAN emulation is being used , the desktop may not be aware of the underlying ATM switch and cannot use the flow controls .
In the case where you need to make a decision as to whether a link requires an inexpensive dial - up line connected by modems or a more expensive dedicated connection , a modem that has data compression features might provide the added throughput you need to decide on the cheaper solution .
In the client / server environment , the user 's front - end application interfaces to a DBMS ( database management system ) engine running on a back - end server .
In the client / server relationship , these systems are obviously servers .
In the collapsed backbone , routing is centralized , minimizing hops between LANs .
In the collapsed backbone shown on the right , a cable runs from each department ( or floor ) network to a central hub , usually located in a building wiring closet or possibly in the IS ( information systems ) department .
In the computer environment , downsizing has been associated with the process of replacing minicomputers and mainframes with LAN - based servers and workstations , typically associated with a move to UNIX boxes or powerful superservers and a shift to client / server computing .
In the contention method , each low - speed line gets full access to the high - speed line for a brief period .
In the data communication world , a dial - up line forms a link between two distant computers or local area networks .
In the days of centralized mainframe systems , all the components attached to the system were specifically designed to work together .
In the diplomatic world , a diplomat at one embassy simply picks up the phone and calls his or her peer at the other embassy .
In the Distance - Vector Algorithm ( also called the Bellman - Ford algorithm ) , routing decisions are based on the least number of " hops " to a destination .
In the domain environment , there is almost always a need for users in one domain to access resources in another domain .
In the early 1980s , it began work on a set of protocols that would promote open networking environments that would let multi vendor computer systems communicate with one another using internationally accepted communication protocols .
In the early 1990s , atm was widely considered the most likely to succeed as an allpervasive network technology .
In the early days , one had to call an operator to get a phone connection .
In the early days of computer typesetting , there were many different typesetting systems , and each used its own proprietary markup language .
In the early days of DBMSs , programmers spent a lot of time writing programs that allowed people to access data in a specific way on database systems .
In the early days of LANs , coaxial cable was used for its high bit rates , but those same rates or higher rates can be achieved with twisted - pair cable .
In the electromagnetic spectrum , sound waves occupy low ranges while microwaves , visible light , ultraviolet , and Xrays occupy upper ranges .
In the Ethernet environment , stations access a shared medium and transmit frames on it .
In the event of a drive failure , the matching secondary drive set can take its place .
In the event of a fiber cut or electronics failure , calls are rerouted around failure points in milliseconds .
In the event that corrupted information is written to the mirrored servers , users can fall back to the backup server .
In the first , the cluster controller at the remote site is connected via a telecommunication link to the communication controller at the main site , which is itself connected to the host .
In the first case , applications developed for in - house use may reside on multiple servers in multiple departments .
In the first case , decimal 128 adds binary 1 to the last byte of the mask .
In the first phase , illustrated at the top , a customer uses a carrier 's ATM network for wide area links .
In the first phase of this commit , the RMs must signal that they are prepared to commit changes to the database .
In the following steps , assume that no faults occur during the transaction :
In the following years , it released addenda to the standard , and it is now called the TIA / EIA - 568 - A standard .
In the former , a cable snakes through a building from one workstation to another .
In the former , the sender and receiver establish a session with one another prior to transmitting data .
In the frame - relay world , frames are " relayed " through switching devices in the network .
In the freeway analogy , assume you set aside one lane for special use , for emergency vehicles and buses , for example .
In the future , you will type iiop : / / www . website . com instead of http : / / www . website . com to access Web sites that offer business and electronic commerce services .
In the IBM environment , host is the term normally applied to mainframe computer systems .
In the IBM mainframe environment , a communication controller is an IBM 3705 , IBM 3720 , IBM 3725 , or IBM 3745 .
In the IEEE 802 protocols for shared LANs , the data link layer is divided into two sublayers , as shown in Figure M - 1 .
In the internal network environment , user priorities are set by network managers on policy servers .
In the Internet world , the application layer resides directly on top of the TCP / IP protocol stack .
In the IP addressing scheme , each subnetwork has its own network address and each node on a subnetwork has its own host address .
In the IP addressing scheme , network nodes such as computers are called " hosts " while routers are sometimes called gateways , an older term that is rarely used today because gateways refer to application - layer devices that join systems or networks and provide translation services between them .
In the IP environment , the IETF ( Internet Engineering Task Force ) has developed RSVP , which allows an IP host to request a certain amount of bandwidth on the network .
In the IPX / SPX suite , ipx is the network layer protocol .
In the ISDN ( Integrated Services Digital Network ) environment , bonding refers to combining the two 64Kbit / sec B channels to create a higher capacity 128Kbit / sec channel .
In the Java environment , downloadable Java applets run in a Java VM ( Virtual Machine ) on the user 's computer .
In the Java environment , objects are called applets .
In the LAN environment , concentrators have grown from simple wire management facilities to hub devices that provide " collapsed backbone , " bridging , and routing functions .
In the last case , Cisco Systems has developed load - balancing software for routers called Distributed Director .
In the last few years , dce has become critical in the areas of security , distributed objects , and Internet / intranet computing .
In the last few years , the market has been flooded with low - cost switching devices , and this is largely due to ASIC ( application - specific integrated circuit ) technology .
In the late 1800s , when telephones were first introduced , people would buy pair of phones and run a wire between the phones .
In the late 1960s and early 1970s , the Internet began to take shape in the form of a wide area network called ARPANET .
In the late 1980s , a trend toward data - capable twisted - pair wiring emerged .
In the late 1980s , ibm developed the GML ( Generalized Markup Language ) as a way to tag or mark these elements so that documents could be moved from one place to another and retain their formatting .
In the latter case , a mechanism is needed to map the subgroups .
In the latter case , hubs provide a central place from which cables branch to the network stations .
In the latter case , the network will only provide the circuit if it can fulfill the user 's request .
In the latter case , the routing algorithm must be able to dynamically update the routing tables quickly to accommodate changes .
In the latter case , the sending device will temporarily slow down or stop transmissions .
In the latter case , traffic flows smoothly , and even predictably , because there are no delays caused by big trucks .
In the latter case , voice messages travel across the network to the recipient 's computer where they are played back , so this is similar to voice networking .
In the Lempel - Ziv data - compression algorithm , all single character strings occupy the table .
In the local area network environments defined by the IEEE , medium access protocols reside in a sublayer of the data link layer called the MAC sublayer .
In the local environment , users can access either the computer holding the master data or the import computer that holds a copy .
In the loosely coupled model , each processor has access to a private memory space and disk space .
In the lower figure , the corporate site is connected to a local ISP ( Internet service provider ) and the Internet over a short , relatively low - cost dedicated leased line .
In the lowest - bandwidth configuration , the video image may appear mostly as a still image that changes only occasionally .
In the mainframe / terminal environment , where asynchronous and synchronous transmissions are used abundantly , an asynchronous transmission is used to transmit characters from a terminal in which the user presses keys periodically .
In the mainframe environment , a concentrator can merge the lines from a number of terminals and provides a link to another concentrator in a hierarchical arrangement , or links directly to the front - end processor of a host computer .
In the meantime , a new trend has emerged in which the HTTP protocol is used to transport management information .
In the meantime , cisco developed L2F ( Layer 2 Forwarding ) , a similar protocol , and then both Microsoft and Cisco merged features in their respective protocols to create L2TP ( Layer 2 Tunneling Protocol ) , which is also under IETF consideration as a standard .
In the meantime , Gigabit Ethernet ( 1,000 Mbits / sec ) has emerged as a likely competitor to ATM .
In the meantime , solutions such as 3Com 's PACE ( priority access control enabled ) can extend QoS to the desktop .
In the meantime , the " lost " acknowledgment eventually finds its way to Host A and the retransmission arrives at Host B , which now has two of the same segment to deal with .
In the meantime , the Internet has become the global internetwork of choice , not some network based on OSI standards .
In the mid - 1970s , ibm developed a query tool called SQL ( Structured Query Language ) that eventually became the recognized industry standard for database access .
In the mid - 1980s , the TIA and the EIA began developing methods for cabling buildings , with the intent of developing a uniform wiring system that would support multi vendor products and environments .
In the mid - 1990s , this cable was installed in over 60 percent of existing buildings .
In the mid 1980s , it funded the NSFnet , and in 1990 , the NSFnet took over the role of ARPANET ( Advanced Research Projects Agency Network ) .
In the middle are components that provide services , business rules , transaction management , and other logic .
In the most basic usage , the sender uses his or her private key to encrypt a message .
In the MPOA ( Multiprotocol over ATM ) environment , edge devices are LAN switches with ATM connections that provide both layer 3 routing and layer 2 forwarding .
In the multidimensional format , the intersection of relevant data becomes much more apparent so that data is easier to group and summarize .
In the multiplexing method , a terminal gets a fixed time slot in the multiplexed stream .
In the multitiered client / server model of the Web and intranets , the middle - tier server connects with back - end databases and the client has less functionality .
In the multitiered Web model , pictured in Figure N - 1 , the user runs a Web browser to connect with a Web server , and the Web server connects with back - end data systems .
In the near future , more and more people will access the Web at home using TV - like desktop viewers that implement both push and pull technologies .
In the near future , users will be dialing from their PCs and using phone headsets that are connected to multimedia adapters in the backs of their computers .
In the NetWare and Windows NT environments , a person typically becomes an administrator by installing the first server on a network and specifying the password to use for the administrator account .
In the NetWare environment , users that are granted access to files , directories , or objects in NDS ( Novell Directory Services ) are called trustees .
In the network environment , a NIC ( network interface card ) is the typical adapter that provides connections to Ethernet , token ring , or other types of networks .
In the network environment , apis are available that interface network services for delivering data across communication systems .
In the network environment , emerging multimedia applications will eventually use up any extra bandwidth you provide .
In the network environment , some of those objects run on the user 's computer and some run on application servers or other computers .
In the network layer , the IP adds a header to create a datagram .
In the network layer where IP operates and routing takes place , the unit of data is more appropriately called a datagram .
In the networking environment , it provides an interface for converting frames into cells for Ethernet , token ring , and other network standards .
In the next few years , multimedia applications such as videophone and videoconferencing over networks will become commonplace .
In the next phase , switching devices are added at various levels in the network hierarchy .
In the NFS ( Network File System ) , which is implemented in most versions of the UNIX environment , acls include the name of a user or group along with the rights granted to that user or group .
In the not too distant past , there were only a few choices for connecting remote offices .
In the Novell NetWare environment , IPX ( Internetwork Packet Exchange ) provides best effort connectionless services while SPX ( Sequenced Packet Exchange ) provides reliable connection - oriented services .
In the Novell NetWare environment , NDS ( Novell Directory Services ) uses replication to distribute all or part of the directory database to other servers .
In the Novell NetWare environment where NDS ( Novell Directory Services ) is implemented , acls are associated with every object in the NDS directory tree .
In the Novell SPX / IPX protocol suite , SPX ( Sequenced Packet Exchange ) provides transport services while IPX ( Internetwork Packet Exchange ) provides network services .
In the old days , e - mail was designed to run on mainframes , and since everyone accessed the same system with their terminal , there was no need to transfer mail to other computer systems .
In the old SNA model , a mainframe was required to control sessions .
In the older hierarchical approach , terminals attached to host computers relied completely on the host to set up and maintain sessions .
In the OSI ( Open Systems Interconnection ) model , the data link layer sits just above the physical layer .
In the OSI protocol stack , the network layer is layer 3 , just above the physical layer and the data link layer .
In the OSI protocol stack , transport protocols occupy layer 4 , which is just above the network layer .
In the past , an organization that implemented many different types of directories had to manually enter changes as users joined or left the company or changed job positions .
In the past , applications were designed to run on platforms that were based on a CPU family , such as Intel processors .
In the past , data networks were not designed with real - time delivery in mind .
In the past , many larger ISPs have allowed the smaller ISPs to use their national networks for free .
In the past , most Internet file exchanges have been one - way transfers .
In the past , these rates were not possible because the carrier 's switching equipment was only designed to handle a narrow bandwidth for voice .
In the past , this was difficult to do because of the application overhead required in the client .
In the past , voice quality was poor because of delay problems and the quality of compression equipment .
In the PC environment , a free product called Pegasus works like Novell 's MHS ( Message Handling Service ) .
In the public - key scheme , public keys must be readily available so anyone can use them to encrypt messages .
In the public carrier networks , virtual networks are defined by virtual circuits .
In the realm of networking , an agent is part of a network management system that resides in workstations or other network devices ( called managed elements ) and collects information to report back to a management system about those devices .
In the recent past , a file system was considered distributed if clients could access files on any server across the network .
In the scenario , the bandwidth to the server farm is increased by replacing the NICs ( network interface cards ) in the servers with Gigabit Ethernet NICs .
In the second case , decimal 192 adds two binary 1s to the last byte of the mask .
In the second method , the communication controller is at the remote site and provides a connection point for multiple cluster controllers .
In the server - server relationship , networks of servers can appear as a single system to users .
In the simplest model , the sender can simply transmit all the bits as a continuous stream , but the receiver needs a way to interpret where a group of bits ( that represents a character or control code ) begins and ends .
In the simplest scheme , the CA provides a certificate that contains a person 's public key along with information about that person .
In the simplest scheme , the user supplies a username ( so a server can reference a user account ) and a password ( so the server can know that the person logging in must be the owner of that account ) .
In the simplest setup , an administrator creates two separate private keys to handle encryption and decryption in each direction .
In the simplest type of logon , users enter a username and password and send them to the system they are trying to log on to .
In the slotted scheme , distinct time slots are created in which systems can transmit a single frame .
In the SMP ( symmetrical multiprocessing ) model , the system is tightly coupled .
In the SMP design , all processors share the same memory and bus , which makes programs easy to develop , but shared resources can become a bottleneck as more processors are added .
In the SNMP ( Simple Network Management Protocol ) system , which provides a tool for tracking workstations and compiling information about them , agents are called network agents .
In the star configuration , each workstation is connected to a central hub with its own cable .
In the TCP / IP environment , a system needs an IP address , a default router address , a subnet mask , a DNS ( Domain Name System ) server address , and some other parameters , depending on the environment .
In the TCP / IP environment , a three - way handshake procedure is used to start a communication session .
In the TCP / IP environment , familiar names such as www . whitehouse . com are translated to appropriate IP addresses by DNS ( Domain Name System ) servers .
In the TCP / IP network environment , these services are available at ports .
In the TCP / IP networking environment , a host is basically a node on the network that has an IP address and that usually runs applications .
In the TCP / IP networking scheme , packets can be assigned sequence numbers so that when they arrive at the destination , the packets can be put back in order .
In the TCP / IP protocol suite , ip is the network layer internetworking protocol .
In the TCP / IP protocol suite , ip resides in the network layer .
In the TCP / IP protocol suite , tcp provides connection - oriented services for the network service in use .
In the TCP / IP protocol suite , tcp provides transport services while IP provides network services .
In the TCP / IP protocol suite , tcp segments defined in the transport layer can be no bigger than IP datagrams minus the IP header .
In the TCP / IP protocol suite , the network layer encapsulates TCP segments from the transport layer into IP datagrams .
In the TDM design , specific time slots on a single bus are owned by a specific LAN .
In the terminology of the ISO ( International Organization for Standardization ) , x.400 is called the MOTIS ( Message - Oriented Text Interchange System ) .
In the third case , replicating data to the branch office on a periodic basis uses much less bandwidth than if multiple users access the master database over the WAN link .
In the three - tier model , most of the processing is removed from the client and placed on a middle - tier system ( not the data server ) .
In the three - tier model , most of the processing is removed from the client and placed on a middle - tier system ( not the server ) .
In the three - tiered model , the middle tier does more than respond to HTTP requests and deliver static or dynamic Web pages .
In the traditional analog cellular system , multiple users can make simultaneous calls over a number of radio channels .
In the traditional IBM host environment , communication takes place between terminals and host systems .
In the traditional Windows NT environment , a person becomes administrator by installing the first server in a domain .
In the transport layer , the unit of transmission is called a segment for TCP and is called a TPDU ( Transport Protocol Data Unit ) in OSI ( Open Systems Interconnection ) terminology .
In the United States , mci maintains about 500 POPs ( points of presence ) as well as 18 major Internet backbone node sites .
In the United States , regulation began in 1866 with the signing of the Post Roads Act , which gave the U . S . Postmaster General control over the telegraph industry .
In the United States , the FCC allocates bandwidth and sells it at auctions to companies that want to operate communication services in various markets .
In the United States , the FCC has allocated PCS spectrum in the broadband and narrow band ranges .
In the United States , x.25 is available from most of the telecommunication carriers and VACs ( value - added carriers ) .
In the view of large system vendors like IBM and Digital , the information warehouse recasts mainframe and midrange computer systems as the central repository for current and historical data , as well as predefined data sets , reports , and catalogs of data .
In the wide area , a new approach is to build VPNs ( virtual private networks ) over the Internet .
In the Windows environment , netbios names are resolved into IP addresses by WINS ( Windows Internet Naming Service ) .
In the Windows environment , winsock is implemented as a DLL ( dynamic link library ) that sits above the TCP / IP protocol stack and below applications that need to access that protocol stack .
In the Windows NT environment , everything is an object and every object has an ACL .
In the Windows NTFS ( NT File System ) , access to folders and files is controlled by permissions , and permissions are set by administrators or the owners of a resource .
In the words of Ron Rivest , one of the cofounders of RSA Data Security ( http : / / www . rsa . com ) , " digital certificates are your Internet calling card " .
In the world of computer networking , the term circuit is used in many different contexts .
In the world of network communication , software processes called entities occupy layers in the protocol stack instead of diplomats of rank .
In the world of the Internet , what used to be called gateways are now called routers , and gateways now refer to systems that convert network or application protocols so users and applications on TCP / IP networks and non - TCP / IP networks can communicate .
In the worst case , broadcast storms occur when new packets are endlessly generated to correct the problem .
In the X . 400 Message Handling System developed by the CCITT ( now the ITU ) , an MTA is like a post office through which messages are exchanged between systems .
In theory , public keys should be as available as phone numbers printed in a phone book .
In these encoding schemes , 1s are not always represented by a high voltage and 0s by a low voltage .
In these respects , it strives to be a universal file system .
In this analogy , each individual network attached to the Internet is like a city or town .
In this analogy , the bucket is the data buffer that the receiver uses to hold data until it can be processed .
In this analogy , the VP acts as a sort of multiwire cable that connects two points and the individual circuits within the cable connect to individual systems or processes at the ends of the VP .
In this approach , a VLAN is defined by membership in an IP multicast group .
In this arrangement , the RPC can be viewed as the component that reintegrates the split portions of the program over the network .
In this arrangement , Windows NT " thin clients " remotely access their desktops on a Windows NT server .
In this case , " papers " is a directory , and " security . html " is a file in that directory that is displayed when this URL is entered in a Web browser as an address .
In this case , 23 channels are combined for data and the 24th channel is used to provide synchronization .
In this case , a BUS ( broadcast / unknown server ) is introduced .
In this case , a higher - level addressing scheme is required .
In this case , a separate device , called a route server , first creates a logical path through the network .
In this case , fast packet - switching services such as frame relay can provide a more flexible solution .
In this case , many intermediate systems provide communication links , but the two end systems assume that they are communicating directly with one another .
In this case , only four local leased lines are required .
In this case , tcp sends a single block of data and waits for the response .
In this case , the capacity of the channel is 38.4 Kbits / sec .
In this case , the carrier converts frames to ATM cells .
In this case , the characters are framed and consist of 8 bits to represent the character , a start bit , and a stop bit ( or bits ) .
In this case , the cryptanalyst can analyze the original plaintext , the algorithm , and the resulting ciphertext to find some pattern or weakness in the system .
In this case , the info . html file in the / public directory has been requested , so the Web server transfers this HTML - coded document to your Web browser .
In this case , the info . html file in the public directory has been requested , so the Web server transfers the HTML - coded document to your Web browser .
In this case , the MAC address is used .
In this case , the protocol was for all visitors to meet with the agent of the king or queen , who would then relay messages between parties .
In this case , the router would send the packet through port 2 because it represents the least cost to the destination .
In this case , the sender may either retransmit the packet to everyone or just the subgroup .
In this case , the server - side DSI ( Dynamic Skeleton Interface ) is involved in the connection .
In this case , the server - side IDL skeleton is involved in the connection .
In this case , the trust relationship is one - way , meaning that accountants can access some computers in the sales department but salespeople can't access computers in the accounting department .
In this case , the Web browser is more like an Internet program launcher that gets out of the way .
In this case , the Web browser is more like an Internet program launcher that gets out of the way once the user has appropriate objects to connect directly with data servers .
In this case , two servers share the same hard disks .
In this case , we are talking not about the job title " administrator " but an actual user account that exists on a network .
In this configuration , two computers on the same subnetwork send each other messages by using the MAC address .
In this discussion , the segments are IEEE 802.x LANs .
In this environment , a single administrator can manage the entire tree or separate managers can be assigned to manage specific parts of the tree .
In this environment , there are interior and exterior routing protocols .
In this example , no more than two hops are required to reach any point in the internetwork .
In this illustration , the secondary ring is basically in standby mode and is capable of reforming the ring should any link in the network be broken .
In this method , a token device such as a smart card is used that generates an additional logon code .
In this method , the bit stream pictured at the top is meshed with the clock pulse pictured in the middle to produce the transmission signal shown at the bottom .
In this method , the period of the wave is shifted by one fourth , one half , or three fourths of its period .
In this mode , traffic is not prioritized .
In this model , an application running in one computer communicates with an application running in another computer .
In this model , lans use the ATM network as a high - speed backbone network .
In this model , objects simply specify a task to perform .
In this model , the presentation layer and session layer of the OSI protocol stack are missing .
In this platform scenario , no user or group is an island .
In this respect , a connection is really like two separate transmit and receive channels .
In this respect , atm is both a LAN and WAN technology that can potentially allow customers to replace their separate voice and data networks with a single network to handle both voice and data , as well as other multimedia content such as video .
In this respect , component software can be easily distributed and made available on a wide scale .
In this respect , ftam has some relational database features .
In this respect , it is a scripting and report tool .
In this respect , one might think of TCP as a traffic controller for IP .
In this respect , rpcs are synchronous .
In this respect , rtp does not actively get involved in making sure that QoS guarantees are met .
In this respect , snmp is efficient and can even operate over networks that are overloaded and failing .
In this respect , web browsers are like universal client interfaces .
In this role , the ATM network becomes the core network , and legacy LANs connect to it as periphery systems .
In this scenario , a Gigabit Ethernet NIC is installed in a high - performance engineering or scientific workstation and connected directly to the Gigabit Ethernet network .
In this scenario , a short local line connects each site into a national service provider 's packet - switched network .
In this scenario , an existing Fast Ethernet backbone is upgraded to a Gigabit Ethernet backbone by replacing the core switch .
In this scenario , an FDDI backbone is upgraded to a Gigabit Ethernet backbone .
In this scenario , Gigabit Ethernet switches are linked together using fiber - optic cable , as shown in Figure G - 3 .
In this scenario , pictured in Figure F - 15 , the screening router only allows Internet users to connect with a specific system on the internal network  the application - level gateway ( bastion host ) .
In this scheme , a high - capacity transmission line is divided into time slots , each of which is preallocated to some channel .
In this scheme , a source client first requests a route from a route server .
In this scheme , broadcasts are sent to a limited group of systems on the network .
In this scheme , computers or other similar devices are called DTE ( data terminal equipment ) and devices like modems are called DCE ( data circuit - terminating equipment ) .
In this scheme , each channel gets a specific time slot in the transmission .
In this scheme , each managed device acts as a sort of Web server , providing information to Web browsers that have been modified to operate as management consoles .
In this scheme , each person gets a pair of keys , one to hold privately and one to make public .
In this scheme , everybody gets a set of keys .
In this scheme , the ATM network is treated like a LAN and the overlying IP network operates as it normally would over any other network such as Ethernet or token ring .
In this scheme , the data to transmit is altered by a bit stream that is generated by the sender .
In this scheme , the probes are the servers and the management console is the client in a client / server relationship .
In this technique , the original data signal is not spread out , but is instead transmitted over a wide range of frequencies that change at split - second intervals .
In this techniques two or more beams of light are combined by using a prism or diffraction grating .
In this way , daily transactions can accumulate and be transferred to host systems during evening hours to reduce costs .
In this way , it is not necessary to lease a dedicated line or contract for a circuit - switched , high - speed line .
In this way , it provides one - way firewall services .
In this way , servers can talk to servers and forward requests from client ARs , as shown in Figure D - 31 .
In this way , the host is not continually interrupted by the external devices .
In this way , the video is delivered on time before other traffic .
In this way , the VM has an upper layer and a lower layer .
In times of peace , the rulers of a castle would meet with local townspeople , tradesmen , and dignitaries from other areas .
In token ring networks , a station takes possession of a token and changes one bit , converting the token to a SFS ( start - of - frame sequence ) .
In transparent bridging , it is necessary to block some links to prevent loops .
In two - dimensional networks , according to the paper , network evolved " by adding bandwidth  the speed dimension  and by expanding connectivity  the distance dimension . " .
In versions of NetWare that implement NDS ( Novell Directory Services ) , the management structure for administrators has been expanded .
In video compression , each frame is an array of pixels that must be reduced by removing redundant information .
In work environments , it is being used for tech support , distance learning , telemedicine , job recruiting interviews , direct sales , legal work , telecommuting , and manufacturing .
In X terminology , the X server is the client terminal that provides display output and keyboard input functions .
Includes a VGI ( Verification Gateway Interface ) to automate the process of verifying certificate requests and issuing certificates .
Incoming datagrams find their way to a host via the IP address , but when they arrive at the host , a port address is required to shuttle the contents of the datagram to the appropriate process running on the host .
Increase the number of tapes if you have six or sevenday work weeks .
Increasing bandwidth requirements are driving the design and construction of networks today .
Increasing the available bandwidth on the network will bring big - city services to small communities .
Increasingly , the office is just about anywhere a user happens to be , and that can lead to a lot of security problems if those users want to connect to your internal network or carry sensitive and valuable information that could get lost .
Incremental backup backs up only files that have been created or changed since the last normal or incremental backup .
Indeed , much of the traffic related to requesting information is eliminated .
Indeed , the growth of enterprise networks is often based on getting everyone in the organization connected just so they can share e - mail .
Indeed , these are the critical areas that anyone involved in doing business on the Internet must focus their attention on .
Indeo is included with products like Microsoft Video for Windows , the OS / 2 operating system , and Apple QuickTime for Macintosh and Windows .
Indeo video : Indeo video is a digital video recording format and compression software technology that can reduce video files from five to ten times their uncompressed size .
Independent organizations that need to connect their networks together to engage in business transactions or other exchanges can do so by using the same Internet and Web technologies  thus the term extranet .
Independent telephone companies , which are non - Bell companies , may also offer services within the LATA area .
Individual components can be sold on the commercial market to provide functions that developers need to build applications or that users need to expand programs they already use .
Individual state PUCs ( public utility commissions ) regulate communications within their jurisdictions .
Inductance occurs when current flows on two adjacent metallic conductors .
Industry analysts and system vendors long ago recognized that there are two types of information systems :
Industry experts are endorsing SONET ( Synchronous Optical Network ) as the ATM physical transport media for both LAN and WAN applications .
Infonet Services Corp . provides an array of international services .
Infonet Services Corp . provides an array of international services .
Information about 802.1p is available at the IEEE Web site .
Information about CIF is available at the CIF Web site ( http : / / www . cif . cornell . edu ) .
Information about I2O is available at the I2O Special Interest Group Web site given below under Information on the Internet . .
Information about JEPI is available at http : / / www . w3.org / pub / WWW / Payments .
Information about S / WAN is available at RSA Data Security , Inc . 's S / WAN site , listed below under " Information on the Internet . .
Information about shared directories and who can access them is stored in a file that is read by the operating system when it boots .
Information about the IETF 's work on network management can be found on the Web at the Active IETF Working Groups Web page .
Information about the new group is under the heading " ION ( Internetworking over NBMA ) . .
Information about The Open Group can be found under " The Open Group . " .
Information about these works is available at the Intel and Microsoft Web sites .
Information about users and user accounts can be seen in Figure A2 .
Information can be carried on electromagnetic waves by modulating either the wave 's amplitude , frequency , or phase .
Information can be collected about packet flows and errors and used to tune and troubleshoot the hubs .
Information collected from analog phenomena such as sound , light , temperature , and pressure can be digitized and made available for digital processing .
Information Dimensions ' BASIS Document Manager : This system provides control , management , retrieval , and navigation of document collections .
Information Dimensions can be reached at http : / / www . idi . oclc . org .
Information in documents is translated to perform actions or formatting on other systems .
Information in documents is translated to perform actions or formatting on other systems .
Information in the frame contains control and response commands , however .
Information in the packet may include messages and commands , such as a request for service , connection management controls , or data .
Information is available at http : / / www . activex . org .
Information is available at http : / / www . activex . org .
Information is available at the World Wide Web Consortium .
Information is encrypted to make it private and decrypted to restore it to human - readable form .
Information is formatted for display or printing in this layer .
Information is replicated from a master server and kept synchronized over time .
Information is stored on disk and is accessible to users who dial into the server from their phone or access it from their workstation .
Information is transmitted in a fixed - size envelope called a cell .
Information is transmitted through fiber - optic cable by pulsing laser light .
Information is transported in cells through a switching fabric .
Information on S / MIME is available at the S / MIME FAQ site listed at the end of this topic .
Information on V / IP can be found at the MICOM site given later .
Information publishing in the context of this book is the publishing of information on computer networks .
Information received at the ATM layer is placed in fixedlength cells , addressed , and transmitted over the SONET network .
Information returned by the BOOTP server to the booting computer includes its IP address , the IP address of the server , the host name of the server , and the IP address of a default router .
Information such as personal information about subscribers or the selections they have made on the interface can be sent back to the transmitter .
Information such as serial numbers , settings , and version information are reported back to the management database .
Information that was impossible to obtain in the past due to time and travel restrictions becomes available to managers .
Information updates at the sites are automatically delivered to users that are tuned into the site .
Informational systems : These are systems that people use to analyze data , make business management decisions , and plan for the future .
Infrared connections can be used to send documents from portable computers to printers , to transmit data between other portable computers , to exchange information between computers and cellular phones and faxes , to connect with ATMs and other public machines , and to connect with home entertainment devices and control systems .
Infrared LANs are wireless networks .
Infrared light transmissions operate by line of sight , so the source and receiver must be aimed at or focused on each other , similar to a television remote control .
Infrared support : Windows 95 supports the IrDA ( Infrared Data Association ) standards for wireless infrared ( IR ) connections .
Inheritance can be blocked if necessary .
Inherited rights are a boon to directory administration because a user or a group of users can be given access to a whole directory tree in one step .
Inherited rights are a boon to directory administration because a user or a group of users can be given access to a whole directory tree in one step .
Inherited rights are the rights a user has in subdirectories that have " flowed down " from the parent directory .
Initially , a packet is sent to a router on the source network segment , which then identifies a path to the destination network segment and forwards the packet .
Initially , a user accesses a Web server via HTTP .
Initially , as shown in Figure N - 17 ( a ) , switches may be installed in workgroups to increase the performance of links between shared hubs in those workgroups or links to the internetwork routers .
Initially , it may take some time for the user to download all the components , but updates and upgrades are easy because only specific components need to be copied to the user 's computer .
Initially , the administrator or super user owns all objects , but network users can control access to files in directories that have been assigned to them .
Initially , the MPLS Working Group will focus on IPv4 and IPv6 , then it will focus on other network layer protocols such as IPX ( Internetwork Packet Exchange ) , AppleTalk , and DECnet .
Initially , the network administrator creates a special auditor account , usually as directed by higher level management .
Initially , the sender may transmit as little as 200 bytes of information ( called a window ) , then wait for an acknowledgment .
Initially , the user running a Web browser communicates with a Web server via standard HTTP ( Hypertext Transfer Protocol ) .
Initially , the W3C was established in collaboration with CERN , where the Web originated , with support from DARPA ( Defense Advanced Research Projects Agency ) and the European Commission .
Initially , users contact the Web server , and requests are then distributed to other servers .
Initially , web clients on the intranet or Internet connect with a Web server using HTTP .
Initially , when a user accesses a transmitter , java components are downloaded to provide some immediate program functionality .
Initially , you must ask someone about the bus routes or look them up on a chart .
Input on standards can come from anybody  individuals , research groups , companies , and universities .
Insignia Solution 's NTRIGUE Client for Java is a thin client that allows Java desktop users to run all Windows - based applications that operate under the Windows NT operating system on their Java desktops .
Installation of a small system is often relatively simple .
Installing only the components that are needed reduces the applications memory and resource requirements .
Instead , a change in polarity may reverse the scheme at any time , depending on the bit value .
Instead , a FRAD simply connects to a frame - relay network and forwards traffic into and out of that network .
Instead , a rendezvous point is established and all members send packets to it .
Instead , a staging system caches commonly accessed data or makes queries to the back - end system for clients .
Instead , a volunteer organization called ISOC ( Internet Society ) controls the future of the Internet .
Instead , an external reference to a picture or multimedia object is inserted in the text of the HTML document .
Instead , groups of ATM switches with similar addressing structures are created .
Instead , it acts like a bus network .
Instead , it collects information , such as logon passwords , or copies sensitive files to another system on a network without the host user knowing what is happening .
Instead , it has moved all development to Open Transport .
Instead , it is a high - speed channel that uses fiber - optic cable to interconnect computing devices in a relatively local environment , such as a laboratory or a campus environment , as shown in Figure F - 9 .
Instead , it recommends TCP / IP as outlined by the IETF ( Internet Engineering Task Force ) and the IAB ( Internet Architecture Board ) , the parent of the IETF .
Instead , many ISPs have established agreements with one another to exchange routing information and network traffic , as discussed next .
Instead , many ISPs have established and maintain agreements with one another to exchange routing information and network traffic on their own .
Instead , objects are variables that hold information about the state of some process running on a device or that include textual information about the device , such as a name and description .
Instead , only the blocks of the file that the client needs are transferred across the network link , thus reducing network traffic .
Instead , relational and object - oriented database systems are required as described here .
Instead , routers know about the next router that will potentially get the packet to its destination .
Instead , the datagrams are " tagged " with a label that is read by intermediate switches along the way , identified with a particular destination network , and sent along the appropriate circuit to that destination .
Instead , the hardware address of the NIC ( network interface card ) is placed in the message and the BOOTP server returns its reply to this address .
Instead , the IETF is considering a version of PGP , called Open PGP .
Instead , the MAC address is used to forward the message in an Ethernet frame over the local Ethernet subnetwork to the destination .
Instead , the mechanism assumes the network is reliable and that errors will be detected by high - layer protocols .
Instead , they use a virtual communication path in which messages are sent down the protocol stack , across the wire , and up the protocol stack of the other computer , where they are retrieved by the peer entity .
Instead , transport layer protocols provide these reliability services .
Instead , users look through a logical directory that places shared information in a place that makes more sense to users and administrators alike .
Instead , users make ISDN connections over the iso - Ethernet LAN to a single hub , which itself is connected to the outside world .
Instead , you create virtual worlds using tools that are essentially three - dimensional painting and modeling packages .
Instead , you may just pay a monthly connection fee , much like Internet users pay today .
Instead of calling the phone company to have multiple lines combined , customers bind multiple lines that are connected into routers or inverse multiplexing devices .
Instead of delivering a stale static page , CGI ( and other server extensions ) provides a way for Web clients to request information from Web servers .
Instead of dialing in to a corporate remote access server , users dial in to a local ISP or carrier access point .
Instead of having separate connections for keyboard , mouse , printer , modem , joystick , audio devices , CD - ROMs , digital cameras , and other devices , usb provides a single port for connecting all of the devices .
Instead of looking at the complete header of every packet , which takes a lot of processing time , only the first packet is read , and the packet flow is established from the information in that packet .
Instead of making a long - distance call to connect directly with the corporate site 's remote access server , remote users dial in to a local ISP and use the Internet to handle all long - distance connections .
Instead of requiring a user account for each domain , users can have a single networkwide logon .
Instead of sending information in individual packets to each recipient , a single message is sent to a multicast group , which includes all the people that want to participate in the multicast session .
Instead of separate pairs to transmit and receive , each wire pair does both and is connected to a transceiver ( transmitter ) at each end of the connection .
Instead of starting up a Web browser and venturing out into the global information system to search for things that interest you , push technologies deliver information directly to you .
Instead of users going to a Web site on their own to get information , they set up a PointCast client called a ChannelViewer to automatically retrieve information from PointCast Web server sites .
Instructions consist of various steps that complete a task , such as moving a value into a register or adding values .
Integrate data management and data processing tasks into the DBMS engine , as IBM and Informix have done .
Integrating voice and data also can often justify the need to upgrade an overtaxed , data - only system .
Integrity , so you know code has not been tampered with since it was published .
Integrity , so you know that code hasn't been tampered with since it was published .
Intel and Microsoft designed USB with telephony devices in mind .
Intel has its own plan , called Wired for Management .
Intelligent hubs include management features that let network administrators disable ports , monitor traffic , and perform troubleshooting .
Intel 's WfM ( Wired for Management ) initiative complements Microsoft 's ZAWS initiative .
Intel 's WfM ( Wired for Management ) initiative seeks to raise the level of management capabilities for mobile , desktop , and server platforms .
Interconnected networks form links between close or distant points , any one of which can produce electrical problems due to poor wiring .
Interconnected networks such as the Internet consist of autonomous systems that are connected to one another with gateway systems ( routers ) .
Interestingly , Gigabit Ethernet ( Ethernet at 1,000 Mbits / sec ) attempts to get around this problem using fat data pipes .
Interestingly , ip is a connectionless network protocol that does not guarantee reliable delivery .
Interestingly , the castle proved quite capable of withstanding attacks until the cannon came along .
Interestingly , the closer an end user is to the telephone company 's switching office , the faster the data rate .
Interestingly , the Internet is based on IP , an unreliable protocol , but TCP adds reliability to the Internet .
Interestingly , the most popular network , Ethernet , can take advantage of both topologies .
Interestingly , the telephone company converts analog voice signals into digital signals for transport over its own network .
Interestingly , this pattern produces a clocking signal that appears as a 10 MHz square wave for 5.6 microseconds to the receiver .
Interface cards are available for IBM Escon , FDDI ( Fiber Distributed Data Interface ) , Fibre Channel , and OC ( optical carrier ) rates of 155 Mbits / sec ( OC3 ) and 622 Mbits / sec ( OC12 ) .
Interface publishing and discovery : When a component is placed in a JavaBean container , these features register the object so it can be identified by other objects and publish its interfaces so other objects can use those interfaces .
Interface technologies used to connect storage devices are discussed elsewhere in this book .
Interference and electrical problems can disturb an electrical transmission , just like a kink in a hose can disrupt the flow of water .
Interior gateway protocols include RIP and OSPF .
Interior protocols are used to route packets within the domain .
Interior routing is handled by IRPs ( interior routing protocols ) , and exterior routing is handled by ERPs ( exterior routing protocols ) .
InterLATA calls are handled by IXCs such as AT &amp; T or MCI .
InterLATA telecommunication refers to services provided between LATAs by IXCs ( interexchange carriers ) such as AT &amp; T , MCI , US Sprint , and others .
Interleaved updates can help the server keep track of changes on an ongoing basis .
Interlinked star : This is a hierarchical topology that is created when complying to structured wiring designs like the TIA / EIA ( Telecommunications Industry Association / Electronic Industries Association ) structured cabling standards .
Intermediate server cache In a distributed client / server environment , information may be cached from a back - end server to a workgroup server to improve access for local users who access the same information .
Internal combustion motors that run AC generators .
Internal networks are constructed with LANs ( local area networks ) , while local and regional networks are constructed with campus backbones and MANs ( metropolitan area networks ) .
Internal users can also dial out to access other users , the Internet , information services , and bulletin boards .
Internal users may try to access unauthorized data systems .
Internationalization supports other writing systems and mixed - language documents .
Internet - connected private networks are often portrayed as being under threat by storming hordes of attackers .
Internet agents are software entities that are designed to intelligently seek out information on the Internet or on intranets .
Internet and Web support : The latest versions of Windows NT include Web server software , DNS Server , and multiprotocol routing support .
Internet and Web technologies are cross - platform .
Internet backbone is discussed fully under " Internet Backbone . .
Internet collaboration tools that provide virtual meetings , group discussions , chat rooms , whiteboards , document exchange , workflow routing , and many other features .
Internet connections can be classified as connections for individual users or clients , and connections for servers .
Internet exchanges provide layer 2 switching services which means that no routing takes place .
Internet mail names and HTTP URL names ( Web browser addresses ) are also supported .
Internet requests go through this circuit to the proxy server , and the proxy server delivers those requests to the Internet after changing the IP address .
Internet requests go through this circuit to the proxy server , and the proxy server delivers those requests to the Internet after changing the IP address .
Internet routers typically use the BGP ( Border Gateway Protocol ) to exchange routing information among themselves and thus learn about the networks connected to the NAPs and MAEs .
Internet routing ( via TCP / IP ) and OSI routing use the concept of an AS ( autonomous system ) , or AD ( administrative domain ) , which can simply be referred to as a domain .
Internet service providers can implement their own ULS server to establish a community of NetMeeting users .
Internet Shopper downloads to users ' Web browsers when they visit the merchant site .
Internet Shopper stores a history of online shopping for later referral .
Internet telephony is breaking down the distinctions between telecommunications services and the Internet , sparking re - evaluations of the entire industry from technical , economic , and regulatory points of view .
Internet users can signal special bandwidth requirements from their ISP if they are willing to pay for the extra bandwidth .
Internet users may try to attack systems that are connected to the Internet .
Internet users often use PPP to obtain a TCP / IP connection between their computer and an ISP ( Internet service provider ) .
Internet VPN : An Internet VPN is similar to the VPN just described , except that the IP - based Internet is the underlying network .
Internetwork traffic has increased .
Internetworking , routing , and WAN support .
Internetworking is all about joining networks with routers .
Internetworking protocols operate in the network layer and include routing services , as shown in Figure N - 21 .
Internetworks linked with bridges and routers .
InterNIC ( Internet Network Information Center ) assigns all Internet domain names and ensures that no names or addresses are duplicated .
InterNIC includes the following companies , which have specific roles :
Interoperability describes how different computer systems , networks , operating systems , and applications work together and share information .
Interoperability is a networking issue .
Interoperability is a plus because intranet products are based on the open architecture of the Internet .
Interoperable with NetWare environments and backward compatible with Windows NT domain services .
IntraLATA tariffs were controlled at the state level .
IntraNet Solutions ' Intra . doc ! : The Intra . doc ! Management System helps companies automatically maintain an internal or external Web site containing volumes of documents , such as product literature , policies and procedures , price pages , and other essential information .
Intranet Solutions can be reached at http : / / www . intranetsol . com .
Intranets and Extranets : The new network paradigm , built with Internet standards and protocols .
IntranetWare includes a copy of Netscape Navigator for each user that is licensed to access the IntranetWare server .
IntranetWare includes NetWare Web Server , a set of NLMs ( NetWare Loadable Modules ) that provide Web services for intranet and Internet users .
Intruders can use various methods to gain access to a network .
Inverse multiplexing can be used to combine multiple circuits into a wide - bandwidth circuit as network traffic increases .
Inverse multiplexing is a technique of dividing a single high - speed data stream into multiple low - speed data streams for transmission over multiple low - speed connections , as shown in Figure M - 14 ( c ) .
Inverse multiplexing is typically used to combine individually dialed lines into a single , higherspeed channel .
Invoices or other business documents have a company 's name and address .
Invoking a method is like asking another program to do something .
ION is a combination of two previous working groups .
ION is also coordinating with the IPNG ( IP Next Generation ) Working Group , which is defining IPv6 over ATM .
ION is an IETF working group focused on the creation of standards for running network layer protocols over NBMA ( nonbroadcast multiple access ) media such as ATM ( Asynchronous Transfer Mode ) , frame relay , and X.25. ( In contrast , ethernet is a broadcast multiple access medium . ) .
ION is coordinating its activities with the ISSLL ( Integrated Services over Specific Lower Layers ) Working Group , which is defining QoS ( quality of service ) issues and the implementation of IP integrated services capabilities ( RSVP , the service models , etc . ) over nonbroadcast networks .
Iona Technologies is working with Transarc , a long - time developer of transaction - processing systems , to integrate Transarc 's products with its object request broker technologies .
IOP ( Inter - ORB Protocol ) message contents , formats , and semantics , independent of the method of message conveyance .
IOS is Cisco 's Internetwork Operating System .
IOS provides important internetwork services , including routing services , wan optimization services , management and security services , and scalability services .
IOS spans the core network , workgroups , remote access , and IBM internetworking .
IOS supports change and migration through its ability to integrate all evolving classes of network platforms , including routers , ATM switches , lan and WAN switches , file servers , intelligent hubs , personal computers , and other devices .
IP ( Internet Protocol ) is an internetwork protocol that defines how to put information into packets ( called datagrams ) and transmit those packets through the Internet ( or your private intranet ) .
IP ( Internet Protocol ) is the most well - known network layer protocol .
IP addresses can be compared to ZIP codes .
IP Addressing and Host Names .
IP addressing must be used to forward frames across router boundaries ( assuming TCP / IP networks ) .
IP and IPX are considered best - effort delivery mechanisms that cannot guarantee delivery .
IP and IPX are layer 3 protocols .
IP datagrams are then switched through the network following these paths .
IP identifies individual networks in an internetwork .
IP is a besteffort service because it delivers datagrams across a network with no guarantee that those packets will arrive on time , arrive in order , or arrive at all .
IP is an internetwork protocol .
IP is stateless , meaning that it is not necessary to set up individual connections .
IP Multicast is an open , IETF ( Internet Engineering Task Force ) standard for distributing data to multiple recipients .
IP Multicast is an open Internet standard that allows a single host to distribute data to multiple recipients .
IP Multicast only needs to provide best - effort delivery service .
IP multicast packets are then encapsulated in unicast IP packets , which urouters can process .
IP Multicast uses class D addressing , which is a special form of the IP address designed for multicasting .
IP Multicasting has the potential to turn the Internet into a mass - distribution channel for digital information on the same scale as broadcast television .
IP multicasting is a way for one workstation to transmit to some but not all workstations on a network .
IP multicasting is used to distribute identical information to many users at the same time .
IP over ATM in this context refers to general methods for running the IP network routing protocol over an ATM network .
IP packets can be put in ATM cells , which are then transported across the ADSL line .
IP provides a near - universal delivery mechanism that works on almost any underlying network .
IP provides a universal way of packaging information for delivery across network boundaries .
IP Switching , on the other hand , actually bypasses many ATM features to achieve its objectives .
IP switching could be compared to getting on a bus that takes you directly to your destination .
IP switching is a scheme for using the intelligence in layer 3 protocols to add functionality to layer 2 switching .
IP switching is a technique that was first developed by Ipsilon in the form of IFMP ( Ipsilon Flow Management Protocol ) , but now there are several different proposals on the market .
IP switching is usually associated with ATM networks , but ARIS can be extended to work with other switching technologies .
IP switching provides a way to switch IP packets across virtual circuits rather than route them .
IP switching techniques generally first determine a route through a network using layer 3 routing protocols .
IP switching works by locating paths in a network using routing protocols and then forwarding packets along that path at layer 2 .
IPC is a set of techniques used by programs and processes running in multitasking operating systems or between networked computers .
IPCDN is also addressing issues such as multicast , broadcast , address mapping and resolution ( for IP0v4 ) , neighbor discovery ( for IPv06 ) , network management , and the mappings of RSVP ( Resource Reservation Protocol ) service classes to lower - layer services .
IPNNI extends PNNI to provide integrated routing .
IPNNI provides a way for routers and switching devices at the edge of an ATM network to propagate routing information across the ATM network .
Ipsilon modifies an existing ATM switch by removing software in the control processor that performs normal ATM functions .
Ipsilon modifies an existing ATM switch by removing software in the control processor that performs signaling , routing , LAN Emulation , and address resolution .
Ipsilon pioneered IP switching , a technique that combines layer 2 switching techniques with layer 3 routing .
Ipsilon pioneered IP Switching , which identifies a long flow of packets and switches them in layer 2 if possible , thus bypassing routers and improving throughput .
Ipsilon refers to its own technology as IP Switching , but the term is now used generically .
Ipsilons IP Switching techniques competes with MPOA to some extent .
Ipsilon 's technique is appropriate for in - house LANs and campus networks .
IPv4 has served the Internet community well , but it has limited address space and is causing major problems as more and more hosts connect to the Internet .
IPv6 : IP version 6 has a new addressing scheme and supports new and interesting features , such as flows of traffic .
IPv6 is outlined in RFC 1883 and RFC 1887 , which are available at the IETF Web site ( http : / / www . ietf . org ) .
IPv6 will route datagrams to computers in the cluster that are available to process the packets .
IPX ( Internetwork Packet Exchange ) and IP ( Internet Protocol ) are datagram services . Datagrams include the network address of the destination and can cross router - connected network boundaries .
IPX ( Internetwork Packet Exchange ) is the underlying protocol that carries NCP messages .
IPX , NetBEUI , SNA , and other protocols are also supported .
IPX addresses include a network address and a node address .
IPX and IP are connectionless datagram protocols , while SPX and TCP are connection - oriented protocols .
IPX is the underlying protocol that carries the transmission .
IPX packets consist of a data area and a 30 - byte IPX header that includes the network , node , and socket addresses for both the source and destination .
IRC is defined in RFC 1459 , which describes IRC as a teleconferencing system .
IRC is group messaging system that allows two or more people at remote locations to hold a real - time conversation .
IRC sites are known as " chat rooms . " .
IrDA is a nonprofit organization made up of over 150 corporate members worldwide that is dedicated to creating standards for infrared communication links .
IrDA is responsible for the IrDA Serial Infrared Data Link Standard and other related protocols that you can read about under " Infrared Technologies . " .
IrDA is responsible for the IrDA SIR ( serial infrared ) Data Link standards , the IrLAP ( Link Access Protocol ) specification , and IrLMP ( Link Management Protocol ) .
Iridium gateways , located around the world , will interconnect the Iridium constellation to the public switched telephone network .
Is SNMP ( Simple Network Management Protocol ) supported ? .
Is this really the public key of the person being represented ? .
Is usage - based billing available in which you are charged for the amount of traffic sent , usually above a low monthly fee ? .
ISA is outlined in IETF RFC 1633 .
ISAKMP is distinct from key exchange protocols in order to cleanly separate the details of security association management ( and key management ) from the details of key exchange .
ISDN ( Integrated Services Digital Network ) also provides the equivalent of leased - line services starting in increments of 64 Kbits / sec .
ISDN ( Integrated Services Digital Network ) can provide up to 128 Kbits / sec .
ISDN ( Integrated Services Digital Network ) has been the medium of choice for videoconferencing , though at $ 1,000 to $ 2,000 per station it is still too expensive to be put in general use .
ISDN ( Integrated Services Digital Network ) uses out - of - band signaling in the D Channel .
ISDN is a circuit - switched service that provides three channels for voice or data transmissions .
ISDN is a digital phone service that is meant to replace the traditional analog phone system .
ISDN is a product of the phone company 's desire to create a fully digital telephone system with circuit - switching capabilities .
ISDN is an all - digital , circuit - switched telephone system that was originally designed by the world 's telephone companies and service providers as a replacement for the aging analog telephone system .
ISDN is another type of switched digital circuit that combines the convenience of dial - up service to anywhere with high - quality digital links .
ISDN is offered in selected areas .
ISDN is the most obvious service .
ISDN phones digitize analog voice into digital information for transmission across the circuit .
ISDN requires special ISDN phones that convert voice into digital data .
ISDN services can provide end - to - end digital connectivity for consumers .
ISDN supports bandwidth on demand , as discussed later .
Iso - Ethernet ( isochronous Ethernet ) is an IEEE standard that supports voice and video over data networks , but it has not gained much support due to its low data rate .
Iso - Ethernet is a technology that incorporates voice and standard 10 - Mbit / sec Ethernet on the same cable .
Isochronous is the opposite of asynchronous , which is non - real - time delivery of data .
Isochronous network technologies are designed to deliver real - time voice and video over data networks .
Isolation Transactions : must execute in isolation until completed , without influence from other transactions .
ISP customers connect into the ISP site with T1 lines or other appropriate links .
ISPs are also offering tunneling services that help companies set up VPNs ( virtual private networks ) between remote sites or virtual dial - up services for remote and mobile users .
ISPs are entitled to select routing paths of their choice among the MLPA - participating ISPs .
ISPs are everywhere .
ISPs are in turn connected to regional networks with data pipes that are " fat " enough to handle all the traffic produced by the ISP 's subscribers .
ISPs can use it to provide QoS across their networks and to charge customers for bandwidth usage .
ISPs connect into these exchange points to do two things : exchange traffic with other ISPs ( called peering ) or sell transit services to other ISPs .
ISPs provide connections into the Internet for home users and businesses .
ISPs that connect into the NAPs and MAEs form bilateral or multilateral peering agreements with other NAP - attached networks by signing MLPAs ( multilateral peering agreements ) .
ISPs that have routers connected to NAPs and MAEs establish what are called peering agreements with one another to exchange traffic .
It a separately organized agency within the Department of Defense .
It accumulates information about the reachability of neighbors from packets as they traverse the network .
It acts as a switching board , directing network traffic from MLIDs to the proper protocol , and vice versa .
It actually extends up into the application layer to a specific process running on a computer .
It addresses the security problems of Internet and intranet applications , provides an open interoperable standard , and provides an expansion platform for future security elements .
It adds multi user functionality to the Windows environment .
It allowed users to request dynamic documents from a Web server by filling out a form that specified the type of information they wanted .
It allows a client using one ORB to invoke an operation on an object in another ORB .
It allows a computer , particularly a diskless workstation , to obtain an IP address from a server .
It allows a single fiber cable to accommodate multiple light signals instead of a single light signal .
It allows administrators to create " pseudo - LAN segments " over the switching fabric .
It allows administrators to deploy Java desktops throughout the enterprise and still run legacy Windows applications .
It allows administrators to remotely monitor systems in real time , gather information about systems for later evaluation , troubleshoot systems , and produce reports about network problems or network activities in general .
It allows computers to connect to the network with different communication protocols such as TCP / IP , IPX , AppleTalk , or others .
It allows different physical interfaces , including serial connections , whereas earlier SCSI standards are parallel interconnects .
It allows end users to access data anywhere without having to know the exact location of the data , and it stores information about how that data is structured and the statements or commands that are required to access it .
It allows great flexibility in designing a WAN with a variety of endpoints over wide areas and allows managers to easily change the topology as the organization changes .
It allows internal users to access the external network but blocks all attempts by external users to access the internal network .
It allows ISPs to offer multiple service tiers with different pricing policies based on usage , time of day , and traffic class .
It allows many servers to be grouped and to share their resources as if they were a single system .
It allows more than one LES and BUS , thus providing redundancy and minimizes the possibility of a single point of failure .
It allows network layer protocols to directly use virtual circuits to forward data and to access QoS ( quality of service ) features .
It allows organizations to take advantage of the bandwidth and scalability of ATM while retaining legacy LANs , the ability to create VLANs ( virtual LANs ) , and the ability to route between those VLANs .
It allows people and applications to look up other people or services in a hierarchical database .
It allows people to set up conferences over the Internet or other TCP / IP networks using inexpensive hardware .
It allows the router to establish a circuit - switched analog or digital connection to a remote location .
It allows traditional long - distance providers like AT &amp; T and MCI to compete in local markets and allows local providers like the RBOCs to compete in long - distance markets .
It allows two systems to set up a " conversational " session with one another so they can reliably exchange data .
It allows users to " roam " from location to location while maintaining the same desktop because personal desktop preferences and application information is stored on central servers .
It allows users to communicate with any other system on the network while maintaining localized workgroups .
It allows users to share resources on their own systems with other network users and to access information on centrally located systems or systems that are located at remote offices .
It allows users to transfer files and engage in " whiteboard " sessions ( displaying and editing graphics ) during the videoconference .
It allows Web developers to experiment and demonstrate new Web protocols and standards .
It allows Windows applications to communicate regardless of underlying protocols .
It allows you to quickly switch to a reference or another source of information with the click of a button , then jump back and continue reading where you left off .
It also allows 16 - and 32 - bit applications to run on legacy PCs as well as the new generation of " thin clients " such as the NetPC .
It also allows a user to change from one media type to another .
It also allows software upgrades in the background or during scheduled hours .
It also allows users to access NFS servers through corporate firewalls .
It also assumes they use the same encryption method .
It also caches pages that have been accessed for others to use .
It also consisted of long - distance providers such as AT &amp; T , MCI , and Sprint .
It also contains the adapter to connect with the host channel and interface units that connect with the cluster controllers .
It also contains the network demarcation point , which is the interconnection to the local exchange carrier 's telecommunication facilities .
It also defined a hierarchical structure for distributing and verifying digital signatures .
It also defines virtual channel and path routing , as well as error control .
It also defines virtual circuit creation and termination .
It also does some unique things to reduce the amount of data going over the line .
It also handles the authentication functions , as well as accounting and administrative reporting .
It also has an enhanced user interface and includes Internet access support in the form of TCP / IP , PPP ( Point - to - Point Protocol ) , netscape or Microsoft Web browsers , and the PointCast network .
It also has direct access to data stored on disk and processes disk information for clients .
It also includes a link for getting on the Firewalls mailing list , which is hosted by Great Circle .
It also includes a timestamp that provides some protections from hackers .
It also includes a wide range of equipment , including cameras , scanners , keyboards , telephones , fax machines , computers , switches , compact disks , video and audio tape , cable , wire , satellites , fiber - optic transmission lines , microwave nets , switches , televisions , monitors , printers , and much more .
It also includes applications such as electronic mail and productivity software , and NC Desktop , the software for the network computer .
It also includes Banyan 's StreetTalk Directory Services , possibly the most popular component of the operating system .
It also includes enhancements for continuous operation and heterogeneous replication between LDAP servers .
It also includes flow classification software used to make decisions about whether a flow should be routed or switched .
It also includes full support for the Internet and the Web .
It also includes implementing fault - tolerant hardware systems and fault - tolerant procedures , as discussed under " Fault Tolerance . " .
It also includes many of the features that were in the original LAN Manager product .
It also includes moving , renaming , or deleting the folder .
It also includes networking support , distributed computing support , and multiprocessing .
It also includes Solstice NEO administration tools for managing networked object applications .
It also includes virus scanning , traffic encryption capabilities , and content filtering .
It also increments the sequence number received from Host B by 1 and inserts it into the Acknowledgment field to indicate that it accepts B 's sequence numbering scheme .
It also linked SystemView with its own environment , TME ( Tivoli Management Environment ) .
It also links with Lotus Notes to give Notes users access to transactions and data on other systems .
It also makes data more accessible to local users .
It also makes upgrades easier since the entire operating system does not need to be recompiled .
It also may provide software installation , updates , and reconfiguration from a single location .
It also operates like RPCs ( remote procedure calls ) in that it can call up the functions of remote objects across networks in a connection - oriented way .
It also points out how TCP manages data delivery .
It also prepares the target object to accept the request .
It also provides " services " to the upper application layer .
It also provides a base for development of custom applications that automate business processes .
It also provides a basis for creating special applications that can take advantage of an enterprise - wide messaging system .
It also provides a common programming environment for developing off - the - shelf software that works across different vendors 'versions of the operating system .
It also provides a nametonetwork address mapping service so users can access resources using familiar names rather than cryptic network addresses .
It also provides a platform for expanded services such as telephony , multimedia services , internet and intranet browsing and publishing , and more .
It also provides a standardized protocol that vendors can write to and conform with to reduce cross - platform hardware and software development efforts .
It also provides a tool to encrypt information on disk .
It also provides a way for communication controllers and other devices to share a single channel to a mainframe .
It also provides a way for ISPs to charge for the use of reserved bandwidth , which is necessary to prevent everyone from requesting such bandwidth .
It also provides access to files and management of files on diverse systems .
It also provides application services , TP ( transaction processing ) monitoring functions , and host component software created with Java , activex and other technologies .
It also provides backward compatibility with most Mac OS applications and is a development platform for building media - rich applications and Java applications .
It also provides centralized configuration management .
It also provides development , branding , testing , and licensing services .
It also provides mechanisms for securely exchanging keys between encrypting devices .
It also provides reasonable performance on small to mediumsized networks , but on larger networks , the algorithm is slow at calculating updates to the network topology .
It also provides reliable transport of data through the network .
It also provides specifications for use by developers and a test suite used to validate conformance to the DCE standard .
It also provides the foundation for other critical networking services such as security , management , auditing , and accounting .
It also provides the tools for developers to create such icons .
It also radiates energy in the form of signals that can be monitored .
It also reduces configuration headaches for network administrators .
It also refers to a user that is running the client side of a client / server application .
It also separates data services from voice services at the central office , thus reducing congestion in the telephone system .
It also specifies the location of a boot image that the booting computer can obtain in order to complete its startup operation .
It also stores methods , which include properties and procedures that are associated directly with objects in the database .
It also supports a wide range of distributed services and object management services , as well as major applications and collaborative / workgroup services such as transaction processing , workflow , collaborative computing , telephony , and others .
It also supports distributed , enterprise - wide computing .
It also supports printer sharing and remote access .
It also supports remote access , X . 400 messaging standards , internet mail standards , IBM PROFS / OfficeVision , and IBM SNADS ( SNA Distributed Services ) gateways .
It also supports replication , and has a more extensive security model that supports new Internet security standards .
It also supports user roaming features that allow users to log on to different network - connected PCs and obtain their personal and familiar desktop environment .
It also took advantage of software portability to ensure that its products run on almost all hardware platforms .
It also updates its sliding window to indicate that frames 4 , 5 , and 6 are to be transmitted next .
It also uses hierarchical addressing of nodes , so you can deploy networks containing thousands of LANs and servers .
It also uses multiparty messages that allow information to be encrypted directly to banks .
It also uses multiparty messages that prevent credit card numbers from ending up in the wrong hands .
It also uses the IEEE 802. 1q VLAN specification .
It also works over the Internet .
It always contains the bit pattern 10101010 .
It appoints a technical advisory group called the IAB ( Internet Architecture Board ) to evaluate and set standards .
It assigns tags ( also called labels ) to packets that switching nodes read and use to determine how the packet should be switched through the network .
It assumes that all receivers can cope with the data being sent .
It attaches to the SCSI ( Small Computer System Interface ) port .
It attempted to provide as many services as possible , including a variety of connection - oriented features .
It attempts to solve one of the larger questions facing the software industry today : How can users trust code that is published on the Internet ? .
It automates the task of operating system updates , application installation , desktop configuration , and user access .
It automatically reassigns unused addresses .
It basically adds wireless networking to the NII and makes the radio spectrum available to schools , libraries , local communities , individuals , businesses , and institutions .
It basically combines Ethernet and ISDN on the same cable .
It basically detects the attack and takes it over , leading the attacker along using a " hall of mirrors " approach .
It basically involves breaking a block of data up into smaller pieces so the data can be encapsulated into a PDU ( protocol data unit ) , datagram , or frame .
It basically provides a way for companies to put new and legacy information systems and applications on the Web .
It basically provides additional channels as required up to a total of 23 B channels and one 64 - Kbit / sec D channel for a total bandwidth that is equivalent to T1 ( 1.544 Mbits / sec ) .
It basically provides the following services over one cable :
It became a part of UNIX when the TCP / IP protocol stack was integrated into Berkeley UNIX in the early 1980s .
It became an instant success , and when Netscape went public in August of 1994 , its stock made one of the biggest one - day jumps in history  from $ 28 a share to $ 74 a share .
It becomes impossible for network managers to perform these functions on - site due to travel time and expenses .
It boots on its own and uses its own services .
It builds its own database over time and automatically updates itself .
It builds on the features of FAT and HPFS and adds new features or changes .
It builds packets on top of the cell structure , taking advantage of both packet features and fast cell switching .
It built a network , called NSFNET , that connected six sites with 56 - Kbit / sec lines .
It built one of the first commercial relational database systems and sold some of the first products employing SQL ( Structured Query Language ) .
It calculates shipping , handling , sales tax , and totals online , and credit information is authenticated at the same time .
It called the protocol LAP , but later updated it and called it LAPB ( LAP Balanced ) .
It calls for a high - capacity ( gigabits per second ) network and the coordination of networking efforts among federal organizations .
It can also be used as an Internet server and an Internet firewall .
It can also be used for customer service applications , telecommuting , distance learning , and technical support .
It can also cut travel costs .
It can also handle distributed multimedia data warehousing and includes database tools , World Wide Web connectivity , and multimedia object - relational support .
It can also indicate that a segment is missing .
It can also provide circuit - switching and user - to - user connections .
It can also provide high - capacity connections to the Internet .
It can also reveal users and systems that use the most bandwidth , and it can sound alarms when certain thresholds are exceeded .
It can also used to automatically update software components as discussed under " Distributed Object Computing " .
It can be a central point where cables converge .
It can be purchased at electronics stores .
It can be used on intranets to broadcast information to select users .
It can be used to create and sign public - key certificates .
It can carry data at frequencies up to 200 MHz , which is double the transmission capability of traditional Category 5 .
It can cause the different - frequency components within a signal to arrive out of step at the receiver .
It can easily clock the flow of cells .
It can embed audio in HTML documents or synchronize it with Java applets or JavaScript scripts .
It can encrypt network transmissions and provide password authentication services that grant clients access to servers .
It can ensure that concurrent transactions are atomic , consistent , and durable once committed .
It can guarantee that data will arrive in the same order .
It can handle up to 128 sessions on a single server .
It can handle up to two 20 - MB / sec transmissions at the same time ( in opposite directions ) on a single port .
It can hold text and individual objects like pictures , sounds , videos , Java applets , and ActiveX controls .
It can organize and distribute the information throughout a series of servers on an organization 's intranet .
It can produce a discontinuity in the call , which might disrupt data transmissions .
It can prove that the person on the other end of a connection is who they say they are .
It can provide data rates up to the T1 rate of 1.544 Mbits / sec , and it operates above the voice frequency , so voice and data can be carried on the same wire .
It can provide data throughput of up to 52 Mbits / sec over limited distances .
It can provide services such as voice mail , faxing , and e - mail on a companywide basis .
It can run over token ring , Ethernet , FDDI ( Fiber Distributed Data Interface ) , frame relay , ISDN ( Integrated Services Digital Network ) , X.25 , SDLC ( Synchronous Data Link Control ) , and ultra highspeed networks such as BISDN and ATM .
It can use TCP / IP and OSI protocols , as well as Digital 's DECnet protocols .
It checks for failures on a periodic basis .
It claims its RAS data compression can be two to four times as efficient as modem compression .
It clones itself from disk to disk or from one system to the next over computer networks .
It collects information about networkwide services and places the information in databases that users can search when looking for other users or services on the network .
It collects statistics that can reveal short - term and long - term trends in traffic .
It combines both digital voice and data into a single wireless communication network .
It combines both digital voice and data into a single wireless communication network and can provide customers with digital voice services , voice mail , caller ID , and text messaging .
It combines IPATM ( IP over ATM ) and ROLC ( Routing over Large Clouds ) , both of which were working on similar technology .
It combines many of the concepts from conventional mainframe - based transaction processing systems such as IBM 's CICS ( Customer Information Control System ) with research on distributed and transactional systems done at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology and Carnegie - Mellon University in the 1980s .
It competes with SkyTel and provides messaging capabilities as high as 30,000 characters , compared to the SkyTel limit of 240 .
It competes with TDMA technology such as the early D - AMPS system and the GSM standard that is used throughout Europe .
It competes with X2 from U . S . Robotics .
It complements Microsoft 's ZAWS ( Zero Administration for Windows ) initiative , which helps administrators manage operating systems and applications .
It complements OrderXpert Seller as an internal procurement system .
It conforms to the X / Open and POSIX standards for UNIX - like operating systems , and programs intended for the SCO and SVR4 UNIX systems will run unaltered .
It connects over the access line to an edge switch on the carrier 's frame - relay network .
It consisted of computers that , starting in 1969 , had been set up and connected using an experimental packet - switching system .
It consists of 24 DS - 0 channels for a total throughput of 1.544 Mbits / sec .
It consists of applications that conform to ODBC and databases that have ODBC driver modules written for them .
It consists of committees that are responsible for developing LAN drafts that are passed on to the ANSI ( American National Standards Institute ) for approval and standardization within the United States .
It consists of components that are grouped into application - oriented interfaces , industry - specific vertical applications , object services , and ORBs ( object request brokers ) .
It consists of copper wires surrounded by an insulator .
It consists of LECs ( LAN Emulation clients ) , devices that run LANE software to perform the translation between legacy LANs and ATM networks .
It consists of many interconnected subnetworks that are joined by routers to the much larger network .
It consists of procedures that are used to establish communications between clients and servers .
It consists of SOCKS - enabled clients on the internal corporate network , a SOCKS server and a packet - filtering router acting as a firewall , and Web servers or other application servers on the Internet .
It consists of system - level and application - level components as pictured in Figure C - 18 .
It consists of the head end , the trunk cable , the distribution cable into neighborhoods , the drop cable to the home and in - house wiring , and the terminal equipment ( consumer electronics ) .
It contains a library of function calls for accessing DBMS ( database management system ) data .
It contains an internal ring that is extended to an external ring when workstations are attached , as pictured in Figure M - 5 .
It contrasts to a router , which interconnects networks .
It converts analog signals to digital data and is used to transmit analog voice over digital channels .
It coordinates transactions between components .
It costs under $ 300 and is available for Windows , Macintosh , and UNIX platforms .
It costs under 30 cents per foot .
It covers more than 93 percent of the urban business population .
It creates manageable distributed environments with a structure based on cells .
It deals with physical interfaces , cabling schemes , putting data in frames , and delivery of data across a series of point - to - point links ( i . e . , frames , router - connected internetworks ) .
It defines a standard memory management scheme that allows systems to coordinate memory access , basically , all the available memory on all the systems can be accessed by any system .
It defines how LANattached clients can communicate with servers attached to an ATM network without changing application software .
It defines how nodes can change their point of attachment to the Internet without changing their IP address .
It defines how to build software components called ActiveX controls that can talk to one another using the COM ( Component Object Model ) and DCOM ( Distributed Component Object Model ) architecture .
It defines management frames for monitoring the integrity of a link and whether a link is active or inactive .
It defines the position of headers and control bits , and the position and size of the data .
It demonstrated a shift in network control away from the centralized host systems to the systems that were attached to the network .
It designs for all major operating system platforms and so provides products that companies can use to build enterprise - wide networks .
It developed Z - 80 - based microcomputers in the 1970s and created its first networking products in the early 1980s .
It develops , markets , licenses , and supports software products that " allow its customers to engage in business - to - consumer and business - to - business electronic commerce on the Internet . " .
It displays HTML ( Hypertext Markup Language ) pages that contain text and objects .
It displays values that are synchronized with the server , and the user enters these values when logging in .
It distributes and installs software on desktops and servers at both local and remote sites .
It distributes software to Windows and OS / 2 clients .
It does not create two separate networks .
It does not need to be set up or torn down for each session .
It does not need to set up a connection with the destination system ahead of time .
It does not provide any backward compatibility with previous systems and so is not constrained by the need to be compatible .
It does not replace existing technologies such as SNMP ( Simple Network Management Protocol ) but works with them and consolidates data .
It does not require cabling and is relatively cheap to maintain .
It does not require special hardware support , and it supports a variety of protocols .
It does not reserve the bandwidth just yet .
It does this by discarding callbacks after a certain amount of time .
It either controls a pool of external modems or is a modular and scaleable platform that supports plugin modem boards .
It enables access to existing transaction - processing systems .
It enables centralized system management , including inventory , fix / repair , configuration , and diagnostics , and provides for off - hours maintenance to minimize downtime .
It enables centralized system management and provides for off - hours maintenance to minimize downtime .
It establishes dedicated connections between nodes on an internetwork independent of the data links on the underlying router - connected LANs .
It establishes encapsulation methods and packet sizes , compression methods , and authentication protocols ( user ID and password ) .
It eventually developed the OSI reference model .
It evolved into the backbone of the Internet , and the term ARPANET was officially retired in 1990 .
It exists in what is called logical partition # 1 , which assumes that a small DOS partition used for startup is logical partition # 0 .
It exploits the fact that most networks today are already highly reliable .
It extends PPP framing all the way to the corporate site .
It feels that although newer protocols such as the link state routing protocols are important , rip is still useful on small networks .
It feels that generic SGML will promote large - scale commercial Web publishing and make it easier to incorporate Java .
It fills the bus with time slots into which stations place data .
It first interprets the user 's commands and then sends a request to the FTP server using the FTP protocol .
It first registers all the addresses in the ELAN and then builds a table that can be used to match any MAC address with the address of the LEC that is connected to the workstation with that MAC address .
It fits in well with existing Ethernet networks because the same frame format , medium access method , and other defining characteristics are retained .
It floods the network with traffic , a bad thing unless the group has enough participants to warrant such an action .
It focuses on LAN optimization of bridging / switching and cooperates with the IETF and ATM Forum .
It follows a path that is programmed through the switches and relays of the switching network .
It forced AT &amp; T to divest itself of Western Union and allow independent carriers to use the longdistance network it had established .
It frames data and controls the flow of information across the link .
It fully supports and promotes the standards under development in the IEEE 802.3z working group .
It further expands the technologies in Communicator to include a dynamic rendering engine and personal assistants that can search out , track , and filter information for users .
It gets its name from the highly fortified projections on the outer walls of medieval castles . " .
It goes off at a certain time and does its damage , which might be to destroy data on a local hard drive or to release a virus .
It groups servers and shared resources into a single system that can provide immunity from faults .
It has a center pin that is soldered onto the center wire of the cable and an outer casing to which the shielding ground wire is attached .
It has a client / server architecture consisting of a relatively small kernel , called a microkernel .
It has a routing table , but the next route in the table can refer to a switched path VC through the network .
It has a small command set that does a good job of collecting information from almost any network device .
It has a unique code to differentiate it from data .
It has an integrated instruction cache , data cache , and second level cache , along with a highperformance interface to access main memory , data buses , and an optional boardlevel cache .
It has been available for a number of years , but is just taking hold .
It has been estimated that over 250 terabytes ( trillion bytes ) of information are transmitted over the Internet every month through these ISPs .
It has been implemented on other operating system platforms such as DEC VMS .
It has been optimized for distributed network environments and performance enhanced for running database and Web applications .
It has been ratified as an ANSI standard .
It has come up with the following schemes for running IP ( and other protocols ) over ATM networks :
It has data transfer rates of 100 Mbits / sec to 400 Mbits / sec .
It has data transfer rates of 800 Mbits / sec or 1,600 Mbits / sec 
It has developed a Document Object Model platform that allows programs and scripts to dynamically access and update the content , structure , and style of documents , and further process that document with the results incorporated back into the presented page .
It has little overhead in terms of bandwidth and is easier to set up and manage than the newer protocols .
It has much of the same characteristics as the network pictured in Figure G - 3 .
It has only enough intelligence to participate in the NHRP routing performed by the route server .
It has prepared documents describing a typical CATV infrastructure and how an IP - based network might use it .
It has technical details on symmetric and asymmetric CATV data networks and other useful information .
It has the following features :
It has two Ethernet - specific groups and seven groups that apply to both token ring and Ethernet .
It helped Merit , IBM , and MCI form ANS ( Advanced Network and Services ) , which took control of NSFNET and eventually upgraded the backbone to run at DS - 3 ( 45 Mbits / sec ) .
It helps alleviate some of the difficulties of building and operating an electronic retail site .
It helps developers build componentbased server applications .
It helps ensure system independence for messaging applications .
It helps people refer to Internet sites by name .
It helps to separate out each of the IP over ATM strategies according to the groups that are developing them .
It helps to visualize this process as threads being woven together and the key providing a color change during each iteration .
It hides the difference between multi vendor products , technologies , and standards .
It hides the differences among systems and defines methods that allow applications to access multiple different DBMS systems through a single programming interface .
It holds blocks of information from disk rather than whole files .
It holds security , accounting , and name management information for the server on which NetWare is installed .
It implements 50 - to 100 - meter wide microcells with low transmission rates , making equipment very inexpensive .
It implements a 480 - Mbit / sec bus ( called a switching fabric ) through which all ports ( LAN modules ) communicate .
It implements eight time - division channels in 200 kHz wide carriers .
It implements the PKCS - 7 and other cryptographic messaging standards .
It improved on the original protocol by " allowing messages to be in the format of MIME - like messages , containing metainformation about the data transferred and modifiers on the request / response semantics . " .
It includes a CORBA - compliant Object Request Broker and IIOP ( Internet Inter - ORB Protocol ) , which provides a way for Solaris NEO objects to link with objects created in other vendors ' CORBA environments .
It includes a file recovery system and built - in attributes to handle security and access control .
It includes all the capabilities of NetWare as described under " Novell NetWare , " in addition to Netscape Navigator Internet browsers , FTP Services for NetWare , Novell 's IPX / IP Gateway , and a multiprotocol router for wide area network and Internet connections .
It includes built - in networking , fax , electronic messaging , internet access software , mobile computing support , and support for DOS applications .
It includes built - in security that meets government ratings and networking support that is optimized to runback - end applications for a large number of clients .
It includes complete library services , full - text retrieval , document control , document delivery , security , and authentication .
It includes Fast IP and PACE ( priority access control enabled ) .
It includes governments and private sector organizations from around the world as its members .
It includes IMAP4 and SNMP support , NT integration , message tracking , and recovery tools .
It includes its own physical network address ( the MAC address ) in the request so the server will know where to return a reply .
It includes its own physical network address ( the MAC address ) in the request so the server will know where to return a reply .
It includes mail client , calendaring , name directory access , and HTML browsing capabilities .
It includes Netscape Navigator 4.0 and a suite of other components , including a messaging system , collaboration software , conferencing software , calendaring / scheduling software , ibm host access software , and Constellation , a cross - platform Internet desktop .
It includes services for file access , file locking , security , resource tracking , and other network - related features .
It includes such features as elevator seeking , background writes , overlapped seeks , Turbo FAT , file compression , and block suballocation .
It includes support for DMI ( Desktop Management Interface ) and also provides support for workgroup and enterprise management .
It includes the Internet and other open standards .
It includes the NIS + enterprise naming service with its version of NFS and offers an Internet version of NFS called WebNFS , as discussed under the next subheading .
It includes WebNFS , a version of the popular Network File System that is designed for use on the Web and intranets .
It integrates all the systems within an organization , whether they are DOS - based computers , Apple Macintoshes , UNIX workstations , minicomputers , or mainframes .
It integrates the Motif 2.0 graphical user interface , the X Window system , and CDE .
It intends to develop products for use in schools , where rewiring is often not cost justified .
It involves sending three packets ( called segments in the TCP layer ) across the network .
It involves some method of securing transactions , authorizing payments , and moving money between accounts .
It is a 32 - bit , multitasking , multi user operating system and is suited for commercial client / server environments .
It is a box with data ( the list of files ) that has controls for manipulating the data .
It is a BSD UNIX with many of the features of the SVR releases .
It is a building where the phone lines in your home or office terminate and connect to a much large switching system .
It is a communication protocol for collecting information from devices on the network .
It is a connectionless , cell - based transport service that can provide any - to - any connections between a variety of sites .
It is a connectionless transport protocol with a simple command set .
It is a connection oriented switching technology , meaning that a dedicated circuit is set up between two end systems before a communication session can begin .
It is a full - duplex protocol , meaning that each station can send and receive commands and responses over separate channels to improve throughput .
It is a fully analog system ( i . e . , voice is not digitized for transmission ) that uses FDMA ( Frequency Division Multiple Access ) techniques for creating user communication channels .
It is a generic , stateless , object - oriented protocol which can be used for many tasks , such as name servers and distributed object management systems , through extension of its request methods ( commands ) . " .
It is a good idea to buy uninterruptible power supplies and surge suppressors to protect your network equipment .
It is a key component in IBM 's Information Warehouse framework , which defines large back - end servers that clients can access through smaller , workgroup - based intermediate servers .
It is a melding of IBM 's transaction processing and database support , collaborative computing strategies from Lotus , and systems management from Tivoli .
It is a network of networks that link schools , libraries , businesses , hospitals , federal agencies , research institutes , and other entities into a single , large communication network that spans the globe .
It is a nongovernmental organization established in 1947 with a mission to promote the development of worldwide standards that promote the international exchange of goods and services and to develop cooperation in the spheres of intellectual , scientific , technological , and economic activity .
It is a onetomany method of transmitting information .
It is a personal digital ID or digital signature that can be used for authentication or to ensure that a message is from who you think it is from and has not been altered during transit .
It is a physical amount of hard disk storage space .
It is a programming language that processes text .
It is a protocol standard defined by the ITU ( International Telecommunication Union ) .
It is a protocol that can distribute routing information about ATM paths and address information throughout the network .
It is a replacement for the plethora of connectors and ports on the back of desktop PCs and provides an interface for computer - telephony devices .
It is a scalable technology that operates from 25 Mbits / sec to 2.46 Gbits / sec , it easily integrates with carrier networks , and it supports integration with any existing technology ( with appropriate adaptations ) .
It is a service that keeps a database of computer name - to - IP address mappings so that the NetBIOS computer names used in Windows network environments can be mapped to IP addresses when the underlying network is IP - based .
It is a single - vendor solution , however , microsoft has turned DCOM and ActiveX over to The Open Group to promote them as standard .
It is a single destructive program on a single system often planted by someone who has direct access to the system .
It is a store - and - forward mail server protocol that goes a step beyond POP .
It is a subclass of HDLC ( High - level Data Link Control ) , which is used on wide area links .
It is also a development platform on which software developers can create add - on products .
It is also about carrying voice conversations over in - house computer networks .
It is also about managing security , document flow , copyright , and other factors .
It is also called dynamic bandwidth allocation or load balancing . A similar technique is bandwidth on timeofday which refers to providing additional capacity at specific times of the day .
It is also called IS - 95 .
It is also dedicated to finding ways to resolve information - age - related conflicts .
It is also defining application interfaces and a new set of routing requirements that will ensure that the Internet can support the new service model .
It is also involved in establishing and demonstrating product interoperability .
It is also more secure because users can't download valuable data to floppy disk or upload viruses and unauthorized software .
It is also scalable  additional servers can be added to the middle tier and the database tier to handle increased Web user access .
It is also simplex , meaning it transmits data in one direction however , two simplex channels can be set up to create a duplex channel .
It is also susceptible to external radiation that can distort transmissions .
It is also testing the use of S / MIME ( Secure Multipurpose Internet Mail Extension ) .
It is also the umbrella organization for the DMA ( Document Management Alliance ) and the ODMA ( Open Document Management API ) .
It is also used in Japan .
It is also used in pre - Windows 95 versions of the Windows operating system for file sharing across networks .
It is also viewed by many vendors as the best way to combine switching and routing .
It is also well understood , and there are many applications that use it .
It is also widely used as a document interchange format on the Internet and on the Web .
It is also working on VLAN ( virtual LAN ) standards .
It is an address resolution mechanism that resolves the IP address of a datagram into an NBMA ( ATM , frame relay , etc . ) address .
It is an agency of the U . S . Department of Commerce 's Technology Administration .
It is an alternative to two other multicast routing protocols : DVMRP ( Distance Vector Multicast Routing Protocol ) and MOSPF ( Multicast Open Shortest Path First ) .
It is an asymmetrical technology , meaning that the downstream data rate is much higher than the upstream data rate .
It is an extension of Microsoft 's existing SMB ( Server Message Blocks ) file - sharing protocol and allows individuals and organizations to run file systems over the Internet .
It is an independent , nongovernmental organization that includes communication industry leaders from countries around the world .
It is an open and published communications protocol .
It is an open platform for building an enterprise system .
It is an open software environment that supports open standards such as OSF / Motif , POSIX , XPG3 , and the OSF DCE ( Distributed Computing Environment ) .
It is assumed that data stored on legacy , operational , or external systems is encoded , structured , and stored in a number of different ways , and that over the years , database designers have used their own conventions in building database structures .
It is assumed that some users will need to access systems at remote sites or that database replication is necessary , and that this will occur over public data networks .
It is asymmetrical and thus has a higher downstream rate than upstream rate .
It is available for Windows 95 in a redistributable package and shipped with Windows NT version 4.0 and later versions .
It is available for Windows and Macintosh platforms and works with common messaging programs such as Microsoft Exchange , Eudora , and Claris Emailer for Macintosh .
It is based on AFP .
It is based on HTML , open scripting , and component architectures .
It is based on the assumption that computer networks can help people increase their productivity by collaborating and sharing information .
It is based on the popular NFS ( Network File System ) that is the primary file system in UNIX and other environments .
It is based on X.500 , which itself is not yet completely defined .
It is based on XML ( Extensible Markup Language ) , which lets authors embed rich structured information in Web pages that , while not displayed , can be used for a variety of other purposes .
It is basically a concentrator device that provides a way for a large number of devices to share a limited number of ports .
It is batch - oriented and designed to manage large amounts of memory and disk space .
It is believed that hundreds or even thousands of unemployed Eastern European computer experts have begun to attack systems around the world .
It is best to discuss this in terms that are more understandable . scheme is any one of the Internet protocols , including HTTP , FTP , Gopher , News ( USENET news ) , NNTP ( Network News Transport Protocol ) , Telnet , and WAIS ( Wide Area Information Servers ) , among others .
It is best to purchase servers for dedicated use and let users share resources on their personal computers for occasional use , not .
It is better to leave some servers attached to the LAN segment of the users that access the servers .
It is compact in design and ideal for longer trunking distances .
It is compatible with all Web servers , uses little memory , makes efficient use of wireless network transmissions , and supports integrated phone features like voice .
It is compatible with existing private networks and PBXs and is often used to provide backups for dedicated private lines in the event of disasters .
It is creating a network - and device - independent software platform for accessing personal , corporate , and public information from pocket - sized cellular devices .
It is cross - business workflow software .
It is currently a standard that was developed separately by Cabletron and Crescendo , who combined their technology work and received ANSI standards approval in 1993 .
It is dedicated to continuously improving commercial computer security through certification , sharing of knowledge , and dissemination of information .
It is defined by the IEEE 1295 specification and is used on more than 200 hardware and software platforms .
It is defined by the ISO ( International Organization for Standardization ) .
It is defined by the ISO ( International Organization for Standardization ) .
It is defined in IETF ( Internet Engineering Task Force ) RFC 1928 , which you can read at the address listed below .
It is defined in IETF ( Internet Engineering Task Force ) RFC 927 and RFC 1492 .
It is derived from IS - IS ( Intermediate System - to - Intermediate System ) , the link - state routing protocol developed by the ISO ( International Organization for Standardization ) .
It is derived from the MAP ( Manufacturing Automation Protocol ) .
It is described under a separate heading in this book .
It is designed after the 10Base - T standard and can be built into hierarchical networking topologies like that shown in Figure F - 1 .
It is designed for direct terminations with connectors in local area networks .
It is designed for high fiber count packaging with easy direct termination .
It is designed to be portable ( run on any machine running Java ) , extensible ( extended by writing new resource objects ) , and efficient ( minimizes file system accesses with caching ) .
It is designed to help organizations build fully distributed computing environments around a suite of enterprise network services , including security , messaging , administration , host connectivity , and wide area network communication .
It is designed to integrate Banyan enterprise networks , SCO UNIX , Novell NetWare , and Windows networks .
It is designed to run on Windows 95 , Windows NT , Macintosh , UNIX , and legacy operating systems .
It is difficult to obtain the private key d from the public key ( n e ) .
It is discussed further under " Microsoft Transaction Server . .
It is easy to audit just about everything that happens on the gateway .
It is easy to audit just about everything that happens on the gateway .
It is easy to build hierarchical wiring systems with this system .
It is essential to back up the data on servers and other systems throughout your network .
It is essentially a private line with a data capacity that is agreed upon in advance by the customer and the carrier .
It is essentially a virtual PBX .
It is estimated that a 100 - bit key could take millions to billions of years to break .
It is estimated that a majority of frame - relay networks go underused ( but the management software described next can help you optimize your lines ) .
It is estimated that an error occurs for every 1 in 200,000 bits .
It is estimated that network traffic must be less than 40 percent of the bus capacity for the network to operate efficiently .
It is estimated that network traffic must be less than 40 percent of the bus capacity for the network to operate efficiently .
It is estimated that the standardization process will be complete by late 1997 .
It is even possible to have messages change automatically based on programmed times or dates .
It is evolving into a powerful low - voltage chip for portable systems .
It is familiar to most people by its addressing technique  the username @ company . com format .
It is far easier to bypass such traditional systems for cellular systems .
It is far easier to include users in a group , then assign network access rights to the group , than it is to assign those rights individually to each user .
It is FDDI modified to support synchronous data such as voice circuits and ISDN ( Integrated Services Digital Network ) traffic .
It is fully integrated with Internet / Web technologies and supports new multimedia hardware technologies and entertainment platforms .
It is generally believed that the underlying network should do what it does best , which is deliver data bits as quickly as possible .
It is hard to predict how long it will take a single vehicle to get through .
It is helpful to think of water flowing through a hose .
It is ideal for backbone use because cable distances can be as high as 2 kilometers .
It is implemented in Microsoft Windows products .
It is implemented in PGP ( Pretty Good Privacy ) , an encryption tool often used in e - mail programs .
It is important to determine normal traffic loads and the load that will be imposed by multimedia data transfers .
It is important to set the CIR high enough to prevent dropped packets .
It is independent of any operating system and supports most network and system management standards .
It is intended that the SPKI will support a range of trust models .
It is interesting to note that the ISO ( International Organization for Standardization ) used IBM 's SNA protocol stack as a starting model for its OSI stack .
It is involved with the topology of the internetwork and how all the subnetworks are connected together .
It is meant to be used primarily with ISDN ( Integrated Services Digital Network ) .
It is meant to keep local traffic local and allow internetwork traffic to flow through the workgroup hubs and enterprise hubs .
It is Microsoft 's answer to the Java Virtual Engine .
It is necessary to protect the audit records from alteration or destruction .
It is no longer an instantaneous jackpot : it gives an intruder some access , but not all . " .
It is not a network communication mechanism .
It is not a stretch to say that Cisco equipment is part of the network infrastructure for the vast majority of corporations in the United States and around the world .
It is not appropriate for real - time communications .
It is not based on CORBA .
It is not even necessary that the parties know each other , be part of the same organization , or exchange anything with one another prior to exchanging private messages .
It is not intended for home users , but is instead intended for the telephone company 's own feeder lines , interexchange connections , Internet servers , and private data networks .
It is not necessary to change anything in the legacy workstations since the LANE - enabled LEC switch that they are connected to handles all the translations .
It is not necessary to maintain separate account databases on each system .
It is not necessary to reformat the original volume because NetWare simply adds the new volume attachment to it .
It is not necessary to set up a session in advance .
It is not practical to use LAN technology such as Ethernet in this environment because the throughput would be far below the processing power and throughput of the computer equipment .
It is not tied to any particular character set , and the frame contents don't need to include multiples of eight bits .
It is not uncommon to find a network that simultaneously uses IPX ( Internetwork Packet Exchange ) , TCP / IP , and SNA ( Systems Network Architecture ) protocols to allow communication with a variety of systems .
It is not uncommon to see more portable cellular phones in thirdworld countries than in the developed countries .
It is now an agency of the United Nations and is concerned with developing technical specifications , allocating electromagnetic spectrum ( for global communication ) , and assembling world conferences and study groups .
It is now common to build modular software programs using component technology , then run the programs in an environment where components and data are stored at different locations across corporate networks or the Internet .
It is now possible to execute programs while browsing the Web without actually copying a file to your system 's disk .
It is now well supported and gaining ground as a respectable operating system despite its homegrown roots .
It is now well supported and gaining ground as a respectable operating system despite its homegrown roots .
It is now widely available and many people are using it to build WANs or gain high - speed access to the Internet .
It is often called an IX ( Internet exchange ) .
It is often referred to as a practice for software development , but this topic is about network management .
It is often referred to as the " Orange Book " and is part of the NSA ( National Security Agency ) security " Rainbow Series " of publications .
It is one level in a range of seven for DOD computer system security .
It is one of five permanent members to the governing ISO Council .
It is only necessary to make a client application MAPI - compliant so the application can access the service provider functionality .
It is possible to designate priority service for time - sensitive local area network traffic , particularly real - time video .
It is possible to store up to 2. 5MB to 5MB of data on a single tape without compression and up to 10MB with compression .
It is prone to distortion caused by compression algorithms that are designed to " lose " some data that is considered nonessential .
It is providing cable modem infrastructure and national broadband content to cable companies throughout the United States .
It is pushing its COM ( Component Object Model ) technology and DCOM ( Distributed COM ) , which defines how components interact over networks .
It is replicated to other domain controllers .
It is responsible for moving messages from one e - mail server to another .
It is scheduled for completion in 1997 .
It is sent to the client where it is saved for use in all future ticket requests .
It is similar to FTP ( File Transfer Protocol ) and NFS ( Network File System ) , both of which operate in the TCP / IP environment .
It is similar to LAPD in its frame format except that there is no control field in the frame .
It is similar to PointCast and uses what has been called push technology .
It is similar to T1 or T3 and provides a variety of data rates .
It is similar to X Window in the UNIX environment and allows applications to execute on a WinFrame multi user Windows application server .
It is simple and straightforward , and is portable across all platforms that support CPI - C .
It is sometimes referred to as a packet , in general discussions .
It is specifically designed to handle the unique problems associated with accessing files across the Internet .
It is stored separately .
It is suitable for light loads and was commonly used to provide remote terminal connections to mainframe systems .
It is suitable for office environments that use textbased applications and where users don't often access the file server .
It is suitable only for small LANs .
It is suited for commercial client / server environments and provides scalability , 32 - bit multitasking , and multi user functionality .
It is supported by both ANSI and the FCC .
It is the 4 - Mbit / sec extension to the IrDA Serial Infrared Data Link Standard that provides high - speed wireless data transmission between any IrDA - compliant device .
It is the ANSI X3.66 standard .
It is the basis for the communication mechanism between the client and advanced client / server applications such as SQL ( Structured Query Language ) servers and communication servers .
It is the equivalent of shrinkwrapping packages .
It is the front - end computerized " operator " that guides you through button - pushing options when you call a company ( i . e . , " press 1 for sales , press 2 for service " ) .
It is the job of the transaction monitor to track the write events and either commit or back them off .
It is the native file - sharing protocol in the Windows 95 , Windows 98 , Windows NT , and OS / 2 operating system environments .
It is the opposite of pull , where a client requests some data from another computer .
It is the portion that manages memory , files , peripherals , and system resources .
It is the portion that manages memory , resources , files , peripherals , and system security .
It is the routing layer and the layer that is responsible for network addressing .
It is the server application 's functions that are " brought in " when an embedded object is selected for editing .
It is the smallest and fastest operating system for running Java on a broad range of devices , including computers , " smart " telephones , personal digital assistants , kiosks , and entertainment systems .
It is these technologies that allow companies to build extranets that help them communicate with business partners , suppliers , and customers .
It is too easy for someone to post a message in a public forum that appears to be from someone else .
It is up to higher - layer protocols to perform these checks .
It is up to vendors to build products that adhere to SNMP standards and allow devices to exchange management information .
It is used as a transmission medium to interconnect carrier switching offices worldwide , and so forms the structure of current and future global communications .
It is used for LAN addressing , not internetwork addressing .
It is used to tie together diverse networks in the same building , in different buildings in a campus environment , or over wide areas .
It is useful in workflow and document routing applications where documents must be signed and verified using digital signatures .
It is useful to know that DTE devices transmit on pin connector 2 and receive on pin 3 .
It is usually privately owned by an organization and connected into the telephone network .
It is usually the case that a client has a need to connect with many different back - end systems that may be from different vendors .
It is usually the case that one network segment 's frame size is smaller than another , in which case the data must be fragmented to fit into the new frame size .
It is viewed and manipulated with a graphical utility called the NetWare Administrator .
It is voluminous and requires extensive summarization to make it easily accessible .
It is well defined and used on a number of popular networks .
It is working on the standardization of mediums such as spread - spectrum radio , narrow band radio , infrared , and transmission over power lines .
It issues credentials that clients use to access servers within the realm of the AS .
It just delivers some traffic ahead of other traffic .
It knows the IP address of Host 2 , but must have a hardware address to transmit on the network .
It lets users communicate with one another , coordinate activities , and easily share information .
It lets users store mail on the mail server , rather than always needing to download all new messages to their local machine .
It lets you share files over the Internet in the same way you can share them over internal networks .
It maintains a connection to every station and can perform the broadcast or multicast operations .
It maintains vendor neutrality and works with the global community to produce specifications and reference software that is made freely available throughout the world .
It makes for good tricks .
It makes sense to rely on management software to handle these tasks whenever possible .
It makes specific data available on staging systems that are accessed by users at local or remote sites .
It maps platform - specific object models to the LiveConnect object model .
It may also be necessary to duplicate other components , such as the power units in servers .
It may also be the main cross - connection point for the entire facility .
It may also have a modular design so that additional ports can be added as the need arises .
It may also include extensive integrity checking to ensure that end users access accurate and timely data .
It may also mean upgrading a traditional shared LAN to a switched LAN .
It may be a repeater hub or a switching device .
It may be a T1 line or an ATM FUNI ( Frame UNI ) .
It may be limited for a number of reasons , including government restrictions or the specifications of the transmission system .
It may contain graphic images that are inserted on the page based on links in the HTML source code .
It may eventually become an RFC ( request for comment ) , which is a formal document describing a new standard .
It may first evaluate whether the request is allowed based on company policies .
It may obtain these references via another Java application or it may obtain them through a naming service that is built into RMI .
It may obtain this information from a variety of servers .
It may provide connections to the Internet or the networks of other organizations .
It may use this spectrum to deploy a wireless telephone system in major markets , bypassing the need to deploy a wired system or work with local providers that have existing wired systems .
It might even be bandwidth on another of the customer 's PVCs that is unused .
It monitors and manages processes running other servers and can restart server processes without human assistance .
It must also support both topology - driven and traffic - driven label assignments , unicast and multicast streams , and multipath routing and forwarding .
It must have enough bandwidth to provide real - time delivery of information across a network without causing delays that produce garbled sound and jittery video .
It must have enough card slots to meet your future expansion needs and it must have backplane design that can scale up to your future performance requirements .
It must not produce noxious or hazardous gases in a fire that would be pumped to other parts of a structure through the plenum .
It must therefore contain special circuitry that can switch to backup power in less than five milliseconds .
It now includes Internet and WAN connectivity options .
It obtains this address by consulting an address resolution table , which is located in a special address resolution server as discussed in a moment .
It offers high capacity and compatibility with existing Ethernet networks .
It offers products for creating secure Internet infrastructures , electronic commerce systems , and other advanced technologies .
It offers X.500 - based attribute storage for structured information such as names and phone numbers or unstructured information such as pictures .
It operates at 5.2 GHz with data rates as high as 24 Mbits / sec .
It operates over TCP / IP networks .
It optimizes virtual circuits over WANs by aggregating traffic over WAN circuits as much as possible .
It outlines the protocols , procedures , components , terminology , and testing methods required to build interoperable e - mail systems .
It outlines the protocols , procedures , components , terminology , and testing methods required to build interoperable e - mail systems .
It passes user commands down the AppleTalk protocol stack to lower layer protocols that handle establishing connections and monitoring data flow between systems .
It performs load balancing among many servers to accommodate the needs of many users .
It prepares a message that contains its MAC address ( for example , the hardwired address of its Ethernet adapter ) and its computer name .
It probably first appeared in a computer publication and was quickly embraced by the rest of the industry because it so aptly describes the business - to - business connection .
It promotes open networking environments that let multi vendor computer systems communicate with one another using protocols that have been accepted internationally by ISO members .
It proposes an extension to the Internet architecture and protocols to provide integrated services that would support real - time applications over the Internet .
It provided the shift away from centralized mainframe control and allowed programmable devices like computers to control their own sessions .
It provides " hooks " to access QoS ( quality of service ) features and prioritization features in ATM networks and networks that support such protocols as 3Com 's PACE ( priority access control enabled ) .
It provides 56 - Kbit / sec downstream and 40 - Kbit / sec upstream data transfer rates .
It provides a communication system that works across linked networks .
It provides a connection point for multiple workstations , as does the repeater hub .
It provides a consistent interface while shopping .
It provides a consistent set of network services across multiple protocols including AppleTalk and TCP / IP .
It provides a high - end virtual meeting environment that uses 3 - D graphics and VRML ( Virtual Reality Modeling Language ) .
It provides a high level of error - detection with speed and ease of use .
It provides a messaging service for the session layer and hides the underlying network from the upper layers .
It provides a protocolindependent method for framebased , connectionless LAN devices to communicate over a cellbased connection oriented network .
It provides a standard that specifies the type of cable and the hierarchy of the cabling system .
It provides a temporary or dedicated connection - oriented link or path through a router - or switch - connected network .
It provides a uniform name space , file location transparency , and performs across long distances and with large numbers of users .
It provides a user with network access at a reasonable price , and offers data security because the user can't download data to floppy disks and carry it off - site .
It provides a way for a Web browser to access a Web server and request hypermedia documents created using HTML ( Hypertext Markup Language ) .
It provides a way for applications running in the workstation to make service requests to devices on the network , such as network servers .
It provides a way for individual users to share files and is the basis for dedicated AppleShare servers .
It provides a way of building authentication , authorization , and session tracking into Web - based applications and content .
It provides a way to allow CORBA - based object interaction over TCP / IP protocol networks , including the Internet .
It provides a way to combine several dial - up lines to form a single aggregate channel .
It provides a way to move SNA traffic over TCP / IP networks by encapsulating the traffic into TCP / IP packets .
It provides a way to send an IP datagram to a cluster of computers that are basically at the same location and offering similar services .
It provides a way to sign code so users know that programs obtained from the Internet are legitimate , just as shrink wrap and sealed boxes imply that offtheshelf packaged software is authentic .
It provides a way to unite files on different computers under a single name space .
It provides an immediate connection that does not require dialing or any sort of connection establishment phase .
It provides an interface for other types of networking technology .
It provides an interface for specific applications that are usually not shared by other objects , such as a word processing or spreadsheet program .
It provides an internetwork addressing scheme that allows devices to address packets to devices on other networks .
It provides centralized backup administration , data compression , security , and a number of other features specific to the clients it supports .
It provides centralized Internet access and enhances security .
It provides consistent software formats and interoperability so merchants can integrate their services with suppliers , and it provides a secure and reliable shopping experience for customers that can be convenient as well as fun .
It provides distributed client / server RDBMS ( relational database management system ) components and is the foundation for an integrated set of data management products that includes development tools , system management tools , data replication processes , and open development environments .
It provides domain name registration and IP network number assignment , a directory of directories , white page services and publicly accessible databases , and tools and resources for the Internet community .
It provides enhanced download performance and reliability through automatic error and crash recovery .
It provides frame relay and frame - switching services in which frames are routed through intermediate nodes .
It provides full - color video , audio , chat window , and white board communications .
It provides incredible wireless convenience for portable device users , and the technology is inexpensive and reliable .
It provides line diagnosis and keep - alive functions for the line .
It provides live multicast audio , file transfer and on - demand streamed audio , illustrated audio , and video .
It provides many of the same functions as SSL but uses different keys for authentication and encryption .
It provides mechanisms for finding objects on a network that can satisfy a client request for services .
It provides more than data access by supporting interoperability among applications .
It provides network services , system management services , backup and recovery services , remote access services , and more .
It provides offline storage for backing up and archiving data .
It provides peer to peer networking services similar to but not quite the same as TCP / IP .
It provides reliable data transmissions .
It provides services that are much better at handling mission - critical business applications over the Internet .
It provides services that are much better at handling mission - critical business applications over the Internet .
It provides services that are much better at handling mission - critical business applications over the Internet and it promotes the creation and use of distributed applications on the Web .
It provides some of the functionality of CORBA ( Common Object Request Broker Architecture ) and is similar to IIOP ( Internet Inter - ORB Protocol ) except that RMI is Java - only while IIOP can be used to access legacy applications .
It provides T1 data rates of 1.544 Mbits / sec over lines that are up to 3.6 kilometers in length .
It provides technical and development services for the Internet and creates , tests , and implements Internet standards which are eventually approved and published by the ISOC .
It provides the basis for global electronic mail and information exchange via the Web ( World Wide Web ) and other services .
It provides the best of X.500 and DNS , according to Microsoft .
It provides the communication layer for transmitting information between RMON probes and management consoles .
It provides the features of normal FDDI , except for a difference in the distance of the cable .
It provides the frame structure and error and flow control mechanisms for an asynchronous balanced - mode session .
It provides the frame structure , error , and flow - control mechanism for an asynchronous balanced - mode session .
It provides the functions that let users create e - mail messages , read received messages , or browse message lists .
It provides the underlying binding elements for extending components across networks .
It provides three categories of information resource services :
It provides time on these systems for appropriate projects .
It provides traditional terminal services in which Windows applications execute on a Windows NT server .
It provides transaction processing and monitoring along with message queuing and other traditional features normally found on high - end transaction systems .
It provides two - way wireless communication services for mobile users .
It provides uniform access methods to a variety of databases .
It puts sequence numbers in packets so the destination knows if a packet is missing .
It puts the internetwork address D3 into the packet and forwards the packet to router A .
It puts up a secure virtual private network between partners , on which all transmissions can take place .
It receives requests from the user 's system and processes them in its workspace , thus reducing traffic over the link .
It relieves configuration problems that are inherent with manual configurations .
It removes the barriers that separate the file systems of each different network operating system .
It represents the number of times the state of a communication line changes per second .
It requires a switched network made up of PACE - enabled switches , so a PACE network is largely a 3Com solution .
It requires a tremendous amount of monitoring by the operating system to prevent overwrites and ensure that users see the latest information .
It requires that users supply some identity information , such as a user name and password .
It requires that you call the phone company in advance of needing the bandwidth and " demand " the extra bandwidth .
It resides above the physical , data link , and network layers and just below the session layer .
It routes frames of information from source to destination over a switching network owned by a carrier such as Sprint , MCI , AT &amp; T , or one of the RBOCs ( regional Bell operating companies ) .
It runs a variety of operating systems , including VAX VMS , Digital UNIX , and Windows NT .
It runs Java applications after booting from a Solaris - based Netra - J server .
It runs on TCP / IP networks , which use the protocol as a transport for getting information from the workstation MIB to the management computer .
It runs on top of the Windows NT Server operating system and takes full advantage of the features that the Windows NT Server provides .
It runs on Windows , Macintosh , and other platforms and is supported by major vendors including Novell , Saros , Documentum , Interleaf , and FileNet .
It runs over TCP / IP and uses the Internet 's global DNS ( Domain Name System ) .
It runs safely in the VM , where it can't access the memory of other applications on the user 's computer or execute instructions that might cause damage to data on disk ( although such features can be enabled at the user 's discretion ) .
It sees three potential users of voice over ATM solutions : enterprise or large business users , carriers offering ATM - based virtual private voice and data networks and services , and carriers offering traditional voice and telephony services ( voice messaging , conferencing , and advanced call routing ) .
It sends a high - frequency pulse down the length of the cable and then measures the time it takes for the signal to reflect back .
It sends a segment in which ACK = 1 and SYN = 0 .
It sends out information about services that have changed on a server only when those changes occur .
It serves as the file system component in the DCE ( Distributed Computing Environment ) .
It shares knowledge about security , disseminates information , and certifies security products such as firewalls .
It shipped its first product in 1986 .
It shows a picture of how NDS user information is presented in the Windows - based management tool called NetWare Administrator .
It simplifies access to information and makes program development easier .
It simply forwards the packets in frames addressed to Host C1 on the network .
It simulates the broadcast and multicast functions by sending the messages individually to all devices in an ELAN .
It sits above IP ( Internet Protocol ) in the protocol stack and provides reliable data delivery services over connection - oriented links .
It solves problems with incompatibilities in these digital hierarchies while providing backward compatibility .
It starts with two sync characters that the receiver and transmitter use for synchronizing .
It stores credit card information on the local system in a secure way and encrypts order information before transmitting it .
It stores information about sites that can be used by internal users who need to access information from those sites .
It stores personal security information such as private keys , credit card numbers , and certificates ; can be moved from place to place so users can work at different computers ; and has its access controlled by policies .
It succeeded the NSFNET ( National Science Foundation Network ) as the major Internet network for research and education in the United States as of the signing of the " High - Performance Computing Act of 1991 , " a bill sponsored by then senator Al Gore .
It supersedes the ITU H.320 standard .
It support popular clients including DOS , OS / 2 , Windows , and Macintosh .
It supports 10 full - duplex 2 - Gbit / sec channels .
It supports a variety of performance levels and an H.323 / H.320 gateway will link H.320 ISDN and H.323 videoconferencing systems .
It supports applications that many applications can access and share , such as a spelling checker , a charting utility , or a sorting routine .
It supports data transfer rates in the 100 - Mbit / sec to 4 - Gbit / sec range .
It supports encryption standards such as PCKS # 7 and X.509v3 .
It supports formal and de facto standard interfaces including major network protocols such as IP , IPX , NetBIOS , SNA , and AppleTalk .
It supports in - place editing of files so users don't need to download and edit a file , then send it back in separate operations .
It supports Kerberos and other security protocols .
It supports mobile users by using replicating techniques to keep remote users in touch and synchronized with the rest of the organization .
It supports multiple clients accessing and updating the same file without conflicts over the Internet .
It supports online and RJE ( remote job entry ) terminals in the CICS / VSE ( Customer Information Control System / Virtual Storage Extended ) environment .
It supports packet capturing and filtering on specific LAN segments and allows network managers to remotely analyze traffic at all seven layers of the protocol stack .
It takes time ( approximately 100 milliseconds ) to set up the circuit .
It then adds tag information to the packet and forwards the packet to a tag switch that is associated with the first hop of the route .
It then attaches an IP switch controller that communicates with the ATM switch .
It then begins searching public and private networks ( where authorized ) and returns its results to the user . Agents may operate during off hours to take advantage of low traffic periods .
It then estimates a round - trip delay value and uses this value to clock transmissions and acknowledgments for a connection .
It then sends the message to the MTA of the recipient .
It then strips off the code and restores the transmission to its original 9,600 - bit / sec data stream .
It took people a long time just to get used to bank ATMs .
It took the computer industry by storm as a language for building downloadable Web components .
It transmits information about itself and any locally attached resources to adjacent NNs ( network nodes ) when it logs in to the network .
It transports frames of information through a connectionless packet - switched - like network .
It typically represents the computing resources of an organization .
It uses a 128 - bit key compared to DES 's 56 - bit key and encrypts 64 - bit blocks at a time .
It uses a 128 - bit key compared to DES 's 56 - bit key , and so its resulting ciphertext is substantially more secure .
It uses a 56 - bit key and an algorithm that scrambles and obscures a message by running it through multiple iterations or rounds of an obfuscation algorithm .
It uses a distance - vector algorithm that has some of the features of link state algorithms .
It uses a graphical user interface to simplify the encryption process .
It uses a more efficient bus signaling scheme to achieve even better performance .
It uses a point to point matrix that can provide a link between any input port and any output port .
It uses a request / response scheme to manage server and workstation communication .
It uses a spanning tree type algorithm , and it uses a dual link to transfer packets , thus improving internetwork performance .
It uses a special signaling technique that improves the signal - to - noise ratio , thus allowing cable lengths of up to 25 meters .
It uses ACKs ( acknowledgments ) .
It uses ATM technology over a 500mile , fiberoptic network that runs at 622 Mbits / sec between the University of Wisconsin at Madison and the University of Illinois at Urbana Champaign .
It uses HTML ( Hypertext Markup Language ) , java and JavaScript , the Netscape IFCs ( Internet Foundation Classes ) application development services , IIOP ( Internet Inter - ORB Protocol ) , security services , and collaboration protocols that include the Internet e - mail and network news protocols .
It uses LAPF ( Link Access Procedure for Frame - Mode Bearer Services ) .
It uses LDAP ( Lightweight Directory Access Protocol ) directory services and SMTP ( Simple Mail Transfer Protocol ) for messaging notification .
It uses Lotus cc : Mail and other applications as its user interface and incorporates enterprise calendaring and scheduling .
It uses NDS ( Novell Directory Services ) as a central repository for all application information .
It uses new SCSI chip sets with internal clock speeds that are doubled , thus doubling the megabyte - per - second transfer rates .
It uses only four Intel processors , but provides vastly improved I / O by implementing a unique bus design .
It uses SQL ( Structured Query Language ) .
It uses SQL ( Structured Query Language ) for all operations that access a database .
It uses the " demand priority " medium access method instead of CSMA / CD .
It uses the existing CSMA / CD ( carrier sense multiple access / collision detection ) medium access protocol , the same frame format , and the same frame size .
It uses the NNTP ( Network News Transport Protocol ) .
It uses two modes : PIM - dense and PIM - sparse .
It uses UTP copper wire .
It usually follows the X.500 standard .
It waits for further transmission at any time and does not assume that the link has been disrupted when transmissions stop .
It was a model designed to replace the mainframe computing model in which all the processing was done by a centralized system .
It was adopted by the National Bureau of Standards , which is now called the NIST ( National Institute of Standards and Technology ) .
It was also possible to switch between the 3270 session and a normal stand - alone computer session by pressing ALT + ESC or another appropriate key sequence .
It was assumed that at some point , every workstation would sport an ATM network adapter rather than an Ethernet or token ring adapter .
It was assumed that every network would implement its own communication techniques .
It was built for client / server operations and uses the concept of object stores in which information is stored on multiple replicated servers .
It was defined by RFC 1094 version 2 and updated with RFC 1813 version 3 in 1995 .
It was defined by the DMTF ( Desktop Management Task Force ) , which is a consortium of industry vendors including Digital Equipment Corporation , Hewlett - Packard , Intel , Microsoft , and other companies .
It was derived from the XNS ( Xerox Network System ) protocol , which was developed in the 1970s .
It was designed to go on top of AMPS ( Advanced Mobile Phone Service ) , the analog cellular system that was first put into service in 1982 .
It was developed by Apple , Borland , IBM , and other companies .
It was developed by IBM in 1985 as a network transport protocol for small - to medium - sized LANs .
It was developed in the 1970s at the University of Hawaii .
It was established in 1989 to promote object technologies on distributed computing systems .
It was established in 1993 .
It was even standardized by the International Standards Organization , which called it SGML ( Standard Generalized Markup Language ) .
It was first implemented in the early 1980s as part of UNIX and the TCP / IP protocols .
It was first implemented in the early 1990s .
It was first introduced by 3M Company in 1972 as a medium for recording continuous data streams such as backups .
It was first launched in 1992 , into 112 markets in the United States and Canada .
It was first proposed by Bellcore in the mid - 1980s , then standardized by the ANSI ( American National Standards Institute ) .
It was first proposed in the early 1980s and is still under construction .
It was formed in 1996 as the holding company for OSF ( Open Software Foundation ) and X / Open Company , Ltd .
It was inactive at this writing .
It was later commercialized by Oracle Corporation , after which many other companies jumped on the bandwagon .
It was meant to support a nationwide system of approximately 256 networks , but this turned out to be too small in scale when LANs started appearing in the late 1970s .
It was one of IBM 's first products to recognize industry - standard protocols such as TCP / IP , and not just IBM 's own SNA ( Systems Network Architecture ) protocols .
It was originally defined by Microsoft but is now used almost universally .
It was originally designed as a network that would allow small businesses to share files and resources .
It was originally designed for batch transmissions between the IBM S / 360 mainframe family and IBM 2780 and 3780 terminals .
It was originally designed for fiber - optic cable but also now supports copper cable over much shorter distances .
It was originally designed for IBM mainframes but is now available on VM , VMS , Windows NT , Windows 95 , Macintosh , and 13 brands of UNIX .
It was originally designed for parallel interfaces that connected nearby systems ( within 30 feet ) .
It was originally developed by both IBM and Microsoft , but IBM took over development of OS / 2 when Microsoft developed the Windows environment .
It was originally proposed by IBM , DEC , Cabletron Systems , Crescendo Communications , and others .
It was originally proposed in 1984 , with the goal of a complete switchover by the turn of the century .
It was originally referred to as APPN + , but is now officially referred to as APPN HPR or simply HPR .
It was originally used by 15,000 IBM field engineers .
It was similar to the Xerox Network System 's RIP ( Routing Information Protocol ) , but was found to be inadequate because it could not keep up with dynamic changes in the network .
It will also help voice messaging products from different vendors exchange messages with one another .
It will be built as a cooperative effort among countries , with the goal of providing economic and social benefits to all participants .
It will be mandatory for CORBA ( Common Object Request Broker Architecture ) 2.0 networked ORBs and guarantees out - of - the - box interoperability among them .
It will continue to provide value - added products for multi user NT , but will focus primarily on promoting its ICA .
It will display the message " Request timed out " if there is an invalid mapping .
It will have a connector that provides interconnection to other hubs with long coaxial or fiber - optic cable .
It will help vendors build interoperable VLAN - enabled switches .
It will render HTML into Braille or use speech synthesis to convert HTML to voice .
It works above CDSA .
It works in conjunction with POP ( Post Office Protocol ) , a mail server , to receive and send mail .
It works in conjunction with the SMTP ( Simple Mail Transfer Protocol ) , which provides the message transport services required to move mail from one system to another .
It works in conjunction with the SMTP to provide a message system for the Internet and intranets .
It works on the NHRP protocol , as well as on IPv4 over ATM and on IPv6 over ATM .
It would provide interoperability among autonomous and heterogeneous systems and have the eventual goal of reducing the number of communication protocols in use .
It , too , is designed to reduce the cost of desktop management by providing centralized control of networked PCs .
ITCs , which are non - Bell companies , may also offer services within the LATA area .
It 's also easier to send messages to groups than it is to send messages to each individual user within a group .
Its approach to management is the Zero Administration for Windows Initiative or ZAWS .
Its BBN Planet service offerings include high-speed , dedicated and dialup Internet access , managed Internet security , World Wide Web site creation and hosting , custom Internet application consulting , and systems integration .
Its Coordinate . com division provides products based on the Banyan StreetTalk Directory and BeyondMail messaging technologies .
Its current development and marketing is in the hands of Transarc Corporation .
Its current lineup of software is designed to provide secure electronic commerce .
Its definition of a global network is a hybrid public network such as the Internet and private intranets .
Its Digital IX , located in Palo Alto , California , provides a combined switching and commercial data center .
It 's easy to think that the publisher maintains some large list of subscribers and then updates those subscribers as content changes , but this is not what happens in most cases .
Its efforts have been focused on obtaining adequate spectrum for local area , high - bandwidth computer applications as may be required in schools and obtaining provision for moderate - distance communications as may be required in rural and suburban areas .
Its f1200 has a 15 - Gbit / sec shared memory switch fabric with over 7 - Gbit / sec throughput .
Its goal is to develop and maintain conventions for representing this type of business information so that more organizations can participate directly in electronic transaction environments .
It 's goal is to make ICA a general - purpose architecture for thin network computer environments .
Its goals allow network administrators to design all - ATM networks using existing LAN hardware , develop and publish standard protocols that define how ATM cells are carried in LAN frames , provide ATM QoS features that can be controlled by users , and provide a system that can transport data , voice , and video throughout an enterprise network .
Its high - speed bus supports data transfer rates of 100 Mbits / sec to 400 Mbits / sec , and the designers are working toward a 1 - Gbit / sec data transfer rate .
Its Macintosh System 7 and Mac OS operating systems are in use on Macintosh systems everywhere .
Its main goal is to promote open systems protocols for UNIX languages , interfaces , networks , and applications ; It also promotes portability of applications between the different UNIX environments and supports the IEEE ( Institute of Electrical and Electronic Engineers ) POSIX ( Portable Operating System Interface for UNIX ) specifications .
Its main purpose is to divide the data given it by the upper network layer into frames and send the frames of data across the physical link .
Its members include Coopers &amp; Lybrand , Firefly Network , KPMG , and Test Drive .
Its members include vendors , service providers , and organizations that get involved in all aspects of modern communication networks .
Its model was created before LANs and PCs were envisioned .
Its most important feature is that it provides a way for sender and receiver tosynchronize and track the exact location of bits in a transmission without the need for a clocking mechanism .
Its most important feature was NDS ( NetWare Directory Services ) , which enabled network administrators to organize users and network resources such as servers and printers the way people naturally access them .
Its name comes from the Latin " major domus , " meaning master of the house .
Its not that other systems cannot handle these tasks , but administrators trust mainframe systems that use well - established applications and procedures to handle them .
Its open development environment allows developers to easily create applications that integrate key software services for distributed applications while insulating developers from the complexities of the underlying network and its transport mechanisms .
Its PKIX ( X.509 Certificate Policy and Certification Practice ) Working Group is developing Internet standards needed to support an X.509 - based PKI .
Its port may become flooded in high - traffic conditions .
It 's possible to assign predefined routing schemes to forms and eliminate some of the management headaches associated with manual paper flow .
Its primary claim to fame is that is runs on TCP / IP networks and reduces the amount of network traffic exchanged between a client and an X.500 directory database .
Its primary feature is that it provides an object - oriented transaction environment .
Its primary function is to allow users to log into remote host systems .
Its primary niche is large campus environments , where it can be used to tie together existing 10 - Mbit / sec and 100 - Mbit / sec Ethernet networks .
Its primary purpose is for use in the network backbone or as a replacement for existing 100 - Mbit / sec switches .
Its products are widespread and can be used as nodes on almost every available network operating system and topology .
Its purpose was to provide a central place where ISP routers could obtain routing updates , thus eliminating the need to establish separate peering sessions with other routers at each exchange point .
Its radio signals are too weak to interfere with conventional radios and have fewer FCC restrictions .
Its Raylink Access Point is a wireless LAN - to - Ethernet bridge that conforms to the IEEE 802.11 wireless LAN networking standard .
Its RealAudio and RealVideo were immediately popular .
Its Reliant RM1000 can support up to 4,096 MIPS R4400 processors and run parallel databases from Oracle , Informix , and SAS Systems .
Its responsibilities are to appoint new IETF chairs and IESG candidates , serve as an appeals board , manage editorial content and publication of RFCs , and provide services to the Internet Society .
Its successor , Internet , continues to grow .
Its technologies are designed to be freely adopted by any manufacturer .
Its UNIX support allows S / 390 systems to run UNIX applications unchanged .
Its Web page is at http : / / www . comsoc . org .
It 's Web site is at http : / / www . ietf . org / html . charters / issll - charter . html .
Its Web site is at http : / / www . internic . net .
Its Web site is listed under " Information on the Internet " at the end of this section .
Its work is based on managing Web servers and the HTTP MIB , but it is interested in expanding this work to include many other devices .
ITU activities include the coordination , development , regulation , and standardization of international telecommunications as well as the coordination of national policies .
ITU committees are working on standards for video phones and videoconferencing over ISDN ( Integrated Services Digital Network ) and other services .
ITU H . 320 ( Videoconferencing over ISDN ) : This standard is a widely adopted method for holding conferences and collaborative sessions over long distances .
ITU H . 323 ( Videoconferencing over LANs ) : This standard supports videoconferencing over an organizations network .
IVD is possible on networks that provide QoS ( quality of service ) features in which the on - time delivery of voice traffic can be guaranteed .
IVD is the acronym for the movement to integrate voice and data over the internal network and do away with cumbersome PBX systems in many cases .
IVR ( Interactive Voice Response ) is a CTI application .
IXCs connect into local services at a POP ( point of presence ) .
IXCs handle calls and other telecommunication services between LATAs ( local access and transport areas ) .
IXCs such as AT &amp; T , MCI , and Sprint were allowed to operate long - distance services but not local services .
Java : A programming language defined by Sun Microsystems that is revolutionizing the Internet .
Java : An object - oriented development environment by Sun for building component applications that operate on the Internet and intranets .
Java and ActiveX are now the primary tools for creating active documents that contain applets and components that perform a variety of actions or tasks .
Java and ActiveX are part of this technology .
Java and ActiveX have provided quite a lot of program functionality , but for critical business transactions , there is a need to maintain high levels of data integrity , reliability , and security .
Java and ActiveX solve some of these problems but not all .
Java and Microsoft ActiveX modules are automatically copied to your system while browsing the Web .
Java applets and ActiveX components are available for download all over the Web .
Java applets are downloaded from the server to the client and provide the functionality to make a direct IIOP connection to back - end systems , thus bypassing HTTP .
Java applets can link to ActiveX controls , which in turn provides a link to higher level operating system functions .
Java applets , ActiveX , and component software technology take advantage of this model .
Java applications run on any computer with a Java Virtual Machine , the advantage of this approach is that programmers can write one application that works on many different computer platforms rather than different versions of an application to run on different computing platforms , the Java VM is so much modeled after a CPU that it even converts Java code into a language that is very similar to the CPU - level machine language .
Java is a programming language and development environment created by Sun Microsystems .
Java is a programming language and development environment created by Sun Microsystems that is discussed fully in the " Java " section of this book .
Java is growing into a sophisticated development environment that is widely supported .
Java programmers create Java applets that run inside what is called a Java VM ( Virtual Machine ) .
Java programmers create Java applets , and Java applets run inside what is called a Java VM ( Virtual Machine ) .
Java RMI is used to build distributed applications in Java for Java - only environments .
Java RMI provides communi - cation across Java Virtual Machines running on a network .
Java Workshop : An integrated development environment for creating Internet applications and Web pages .
JavaBeans can be layered on top of existing component models , including Microsoft ActiveX and Netscape 's LiveConnect .
JavaBeans enhances Java by allowing objects to dynamically interact with one another .
JavaBeans is a complete component model that supports common component architecture features such as properties , events , methods , and persistence , as described here .
JavaChip : A microprocessor family optimized for Java technology .
JavaOS is a relatively small operating system that executes Java applications directly on hardware platforms .
Java 's architectural model is pictured in Figure J - 1 .
JavaSoft : A business unit of Sun Microsystems that is dedicated to promoting the Java programming language and development environments .
JavaStation downloads Java applications on demand and executes them locally , all applications and data , however , reside on centralized servers for ease of administration .
JavaStation is a thin client desktop workstation , or webtop , that runs intranet software , Web protocols , and the Java language / run - time environment .
JavaStation Network Computer : An inexpensive , platform - independent thin client .
JDBC allows Java applications to connect with back - end database systems .
JDBC is included with the Java Development Kit .
JDBC provides much of the same functionality as ODBC but provides support from programs written in Java and JavaScript .
JEPI defines how to extend HTTP in a way that allows automatic selection of payment protocols .
Jigsaw is a full - blown HTTP server , written entirely in Java .
JMAPI is an environment for developing Web - based management applications around the Java programming language .
Joe Connects : Java applets running on any Java - enabled browser to business applications running on corporate networks .
Joe includes an ORB ( object request broker ) that connects Java applets to remote CORBA objects running on any machine across the Internet or intranet .
Joe is connection software that ties together Java applets running on client desktops with enterprise applications running on servers .
Joe is of the object class Person .
Joe sends the digital envelope to Sue , who decrypts the DES key with her own private key and then uses the DES key to decrypt the message contents .
Joe then encrypts the DES key with Sue 's public key .
Joe then establishes and manages connections between local Java objects and remote CORBA objects using the industry standard IIOP ( Internet Inter - ORB Protocol ) .
Joe want to send a message to Sue , so he encrypts the message with DES ( secret key ) using an appropriate key .
John O ' Leary of the Computer Security Institute says that " the biggest problem with the hacker threat is that hacking is fun ! " .
JPEG ( Joint Photographic Experts Group ) compression : JPEG uses a generic algorithm to compress still images .
JPEG was not designed to handle video , but it does so to some extent by compressing frames and reducing the frame size and rate .
Jukebox devices may have up to 50 slots for disks , and a picking device either traverses the slots , or the slots move to align with the picking device .
Jukeboxes are used in high - capacity storage environments such as imaging , archiving , and HSM ( hierarchical storage management ) .
Just about any long - distance communication medium can serve as a WAN link , including switched and permanent telephone circuits , terrestrial radio systems , and satellite systems .
Just as HTML unlocked information within organizations by providing an open , platform - independent standard for exchanging content , iiop unlocks the power of network applications by providing an open , platform - independent protocol for connecting network - centric applications .
Just as PCs have operating systems and LANs have network operating systems , ios was designed as an operation system for internetworks .
Just because a Windows NT system supports TCP / IP does not mean that a UNIX station can seamlessly access resources on that system .
K56 modems attain their high speeds by reducing the number of analog - to - digital conversions that take place in a normal dial - up link .
K56Flex is a modem technology from Rockwell Semiconductor Systems that is supported by Lucent technologies .
Kahn started work on a detailed design for the protocol and asked Vincent Cerf for help because Cerf had done a lot of the original work on NCP .
Keep in mind that a system doesn't always require all of these components .
Keep in mind that as data rates increase , the carrying distance decreases .
Keep in mind that circuits can be obtained to transmit in both directions between sites , and those circuits might have different data rates and QoS .
Keep in mind that differences in hardware design among interface cards on a network can slow performance .
Keep in mind that either station may send a segment that contains just header information and no data to provide the other system with connection information , such as an acknowledgment that a segment was received .
Keep in mind that individual networks already have a MAC layer addressing scheme that identifies individual nodes on that network .
Keep in mind that it is becoming more and more practical to build premises cabling systems that handle both voice and data .
Keep in mind that public - key cryptography is suited for open environments where people need to exchange private information without it being compromised .
Keep in mind that the existing cable system does not support the broadband services that cable vendors have in mind .
Keep in mind that there are clients and there are servers ( file servers , application servers , e - mail servers , etc . ) within the realm of the AS .
Keep in mind that they have full access to all your data .
Keep in mind that Web - based groupware has limitations .
Keep signal frequencies strong to reduce circuit loss and increase line quality .
Keep this goal of end to end ATM connectivity in mind as you read through the next few paragraphs , which discuss the steps that have been taken to integrate LANs and ATM .
Kerberos , which is discussed elsewhere in this book , is a security server system that provides a software - based token and one - time password authentication scheme .
Kerberos : This is an advanced authentication system that allows network applications to verify the identity of clients ( and other peer servers ) by using a third - party security server , authenticating the user upon first logon , and then providing other servers with verification that users are who they claim to be .
Kerberos is available for public use and is documented in Internet RFC 1510 .
Kerberos is security system developed at MIT for verifying the identities of users and devices in client / server network environments .
Kerberos is usually called a trusted third - party authentication protocol , meaning that it runs in a computer that is separate from any client or server .
Kerberos provides security for remote logons and can provide a single logon solution so users do not need to log on every time they access a new server .
Kerberos was created by MIT 's Project Athena , a test project for enterprise - wide computing that took place in the late 1980s .
Kernel refers to the core components of most operating systems .
Key capabilities enabled by the Zero Administration for Windows initiative are as follows :
Key management is all about making public keys available for general use .
Keyword encoding : Creates a table with values that represent common sets of characters .
L2F also supports a variety of layer 3 protocols , while PPTP is an IP - only solution .
L2TP also includes features from Microsoft 's PPTP ( Point - to - Point Tunneling Protocol ) , which is described elsewhere in this book .
L2TP enhances PPP by providing a way for a remote user to extend a PPP link across the Internet all the way to a corporate site .
L2TP improves on L2F .
L2TP provides authentication but does not encrypt data as it travels across the Internet .
L2TP provides end - system transparency , meaning that the remote client and the corporate site do not require any special software to use the service in a secure way .
Labels on the equipment list the power drawn by the units .
LAN Distance and Size Limitations .
LAN emulation is a method of emulating the characteristics of a LAN over a switched network backbone such as ATM ( Asynchronous Transfer Mode ) .
LAN Emulation services consist of the following three services , which are normally implemented within an ATM switch on the backbone network , although they might also be implemented in a special stand - alone device .
LAN segments attach to the backbone , along with minicomputers , mainframes , and other systems .
LAN segments that typically transmit large files .
LAN Server is based on the LAN Manager server operating system developed jointly with Microsoft .
LAN topologies consist of the designs pictured in Figure T - 13 and described here :
LANalyzer : A network monitoring and analyzing tool for troubleshooting Ethernet and token ring networks .
LANDesk Management Suite from Intel : This package works with NetWare servers and includes software distribution and inventory functions .
LANE ( LAN Emulation ) : This specification was standardized by the ATM Forum in 1995 to address ways of connecting legacy LANs such as Ethernet and token ring to an ATM backbone network .
LANE ( LAN Emulation ) or MPOA ( Multiprotocol over ATM ) , discussed elsewhere in this book , provide better routing between subnets .
LANE basically creates a bridged network across the ATM network .
LANE consists of the legacy workstations and LECs described above , as well as LAN Emulation services .
LANE defined individual VLANs while MPOA provides for routing between those VLANs .
LANE defines a scheme for encapsulating higher - level protocol datagrams into ATM cells and delivering them across the ATM backbone as if the backbone were a LAN .
LANE does not provide a total solution for getting end to endATM connectivity .
LANE emulates a LAN across the ATM network .
LANE is an ATM ( Asynchronous Transfer Mode ) specification that was standardized by the ATM Forum ( http : / / www . atmforum . com ) in 1995 to address ways of connecting legacy LANs such as Ethernet and token ring to an ATM backbone network .
LANE is still part of an MPOA network configuration .
LANE operates in layer 2 ( the MAC layer ) and is thus limited to creating bridged networks over the ATM switching fabric .
LANE provides a way to map the MAC addresses of a workstation to an ATM address .
LANE provides the translation services between the two types of networks .
LANE version 2.0 was under development at the time of this writing .
LANE 's role is to allow ATM switches to provide a backbone that can replace older and slower backbone equipment .
LANs are connectionless , while ATM is connection oriented .
LANs are interconnected with routers to form a mesh topology .
LANs are typically shared by a number of attached systems , and only one system at a time can use the network cable to transmit data .
LANs began to appear in the early 1970s .
LANs have different topologies , the most common being the linear bus and the star configuration .
LANs provide connectionless services .
LANs were designed for coaxial or twisted pair cable and have rigid specifications that define the exact bandwidth .
LANtastic is a peer - to - peer networking product developed and marketed by Artisoft .
LANtastic is designed to be a low - priced networking solution for small businesses .
LANtastic version 7.0 upgrades the network operating system by improving its speed , memory management , and communication features .
LAP ( Link Access Procedure ) : There are three main LAP protocols .
LAP ( local access point ) Primarily developed by CRL Network Service , laps are designed to route traffic that is destined for points in the same metropolitan area .
LAP originates from IBM SDLC ( Synchronous Data Link Control ) , which IBM submitted to the ISO for standardization .
LAPB ( LAP Balanced ) is a protocol that provides point - to - point connections on X.25 packet - switched networks .
LAPB provides a way to acknowledge that a packet has reached each link in the network .
LAPB transmissions typically take place over physical point - to - point links .
LAPD ( LAP for D Channel ) provides the data link control over the D channel of an ISDN ( Integrated Services Digital Network ) connection .
LAPD is the protocol used on ISDN ( Integrated Services Digital Network ) 's D channel .
LAPD works across the D channel to provide control and signaling information .
LAPF ( LAP for Frame - Mode Bearer Services ) provides the data link for frame relay networks .
LAPF is designed for use with frame relay .
LAPs similar to those operated by CRL Network Services are designed to avoid the problems of packets needing to travel outside of a metropolitan ( or regional ) area to a NAP , MAE , or other switching center , and then back into the same metropolitan area to reach their destination .
Large corporations may have individual POP servers for each department or division .
Large internetworks typically have many different paths that packets can take to reach a destination .
Large networks with many LAN segments and heavy traffic produced by high - performance workstations , graphics file transfers , or other internetwork traffic will benefit from FDDI .
Large server systems can offload applications that are better handled by personal workstations .
Large transmissions are divided into packets instead of being transmitted as one long string .
Lasers are used to generate the light signal for single - mode cable .
LATAs were defined during the restructuring of AT &amp; T in 1984 , and there are close to 200 of them .
LATAs were defined during the split - up of AT &amp; T . The border of a LATA defines where local service ends and long - distance service begins .
Latency is another thing to consider .
Latency refers to the gap from when the words are spoken to when the listener can hear the words .
Later , when it can resume receiving data , it can send a segment with this field set to a nonzero value and an appropriate value in the Acknowledgment Number field to indicate which segment it needs .
Later , HTTP 1.0 was defined in RFC 1945 .
Later , the CCITT ( now referred to as the ITU ) modified HDLC for use in its X.25 packet - switching network standard .
Layer 2 is the bridging / switching layer .
Layer 3 is the network layer , and it provides routing services .
Layer 3 refers to the network layer relative to the OSI protocol stack .
Layer 3 refers to the network layer where routing takes place .
Layer 3 Switching / Routing Advocates : There are a number of vendor initiatives to take advantage of the intelligence in layer 3 protocols to add functionality to layer 2 switching .
Layer 3 switching : These are protocol software techniques for switching packets that would normally be routed .
Layer 3 switching refers to methods of combining layer 3 routing intelligence with layer 2 switching .
Layered network architecture simplified for clarity .
Layering allows vendors to build products that interoperate with products developed by other vendors .
Layering is a design approach that specifies different functions and services at different levels in a " protocol stack . " .
Layering is a design approach that specifies different functions and services at levels in the protocol stack .
Layering specifies different functions and services at levels in a " protocol stack . " .
Layout control : Provides controls for visual appearance and the layout of components inside a container .
Layout options are North , South , East , and West .
LDAP ( Lightweight Directory Access Protocol ) : Allows companies to exchange directory information , something that is analogous to exchanging internal phone books .
LDAP ( Lightweight Directory Access Protocol ) is also being integrated into DCE 's directory service .
LDAP 3.0 allows interdirectory server - to - server updates between X.500 and non - X.500 directories .
LDAP allows Microsoft 's directory service to work across operating system boundaries and integrate multiple name spaces , thus allowing administrators to manage other vendors 'directory services .
LDAP can be used as a directory service on its own or it can be used to provide " lightweight " access to X.500 - compatible directory services .
LDAP clients are now supported in DCE .
LDAP has basically taken the industry by storm .
LDAP is a directory services protocol that goes beyond simple e - mail address books by providing a way for e - mail clients to browse directories of users on any LDAP - compliant messaging server .
LDAP is a stripped - down version of DAP that does not consume the system resources required by DAP .
LDAP is a stripped - down version of DAP that does not consume the system resources required by DAP , and most important , it has been adapted to run on TCP / IP networks .
LDAP is a subset of the X.500 naming standard .
LDAP is actually a subset of X.500 that operates on TCP / IP networks .
LDAP is an IETF ( Internet Engineering Task Force ) directory services specification that has become widely accepted in the Internet community .
LDAP is now a widely accepted directory service and is discussed further under " LDAP ( Lightweight Directory Access Protocol ) . " .
LDAP is the core protocol for the service .
LDAP URLs and X.500 names are also supported , which have a form similar to the following :
LDAP version 2 allows passwords to be sent as clear text or encrypted using Kerberos .
LDAP was originally designed to work as a front - end client for X.500 directory services .
LDAP was originally designed to work as a front - end client for X.500 directory services .
Leaf objects are end nodes in a tree - structured hierarchical schema ( see Figure L - 5 , shown previously ) .
Leaf objects are not containers , they are representations of real objects such as servers and printers or users .
Leaf objects represent real entities like people , computers , printers , and storage volumes , each with a CN ( common name ) .
Leaf objects , which are either user accounts , group accounts , or resources on the network such as servers and printers .
Learning techniques : Bridges build address tables that describe routes by either examining traffic flow or obtaining information from " explorer frames " that have learned about the network topology during their travels .
Leased digital lines such as T1 and T3 lines are conditioned .
Leased lines are fixed point - to - point connections that provide a fixed rate .
Leased lines are ordered by contacting the LEC .
Leased lines are permanent point - to - point connections that are usually billed based on the distance and throughput of the line .
Leased lines can be either analog circuits or digital circuits :
LECS ( LAN Emulation configuration server ) : The LECS ( not to be confused with " LECs , " the plural of " LEC " ) is required if multiple ELANs exist on the same ATM backbone network .
LECs ( local exchange carriers ) operate within specific franchised service areas called LATAs ( local access and transport areas ) .
LECs also provide the mapping between MAC addresses and ATM virtual connections .
LECs are not restricted to just one LATA .
LECs are the result of the breakup of AT &amp; T in 1984 , which created seven independent RBOCs ( regional Bell operating companies ) in the U . S .
LECs have traditionally operated within specific franchised service areas called a LATA ( local access and transport area ) .
LECs may be one of the RBOCs or an independent company that competes with an RBOC inside a LATA .
LECs set up ATM connections and perform other ATM network functions that legacy systems can't handle .
Legacy applications and data give mainframes their sticking power .
Legacy data systems : The storehouse of data that an organization has collected over many years .
Legacy LANs transmit data in variable - length frames over a shared connectionless network .
Legacy mail systems still abound , and most administrators need to provide interoperability among them .
Legacy routers are slow and can't handle the throughput now required on corporate networks .
Legacy software must be maintained because it is often the only way to access legacy databases .
Legacy systems are computer systems that a company already has in place and must maintain even though new computing technologies are available and being installed .
Legislation has been proposed , and some states are licensing and regulating companies that provide certificate authority services .
Length ( LEN ) of data field : This field indicates the length of the data portion of the frame .
LENs ( lowentry nodes ) : A LEN can participate in a session with another LEN node on the network , but it requires the services of a network node to do so .
LEOs are close to the earth and have lower - power requirements , thus supporting smaller handheld devices .
LEOs orbit low enough to minimize this problem , but they must be in a fast orbit to keep them from falling back to earth .
LES ( LAN Emulation server ) : As mentioned , the entire network can consist of multiple ELANs .
Lets you transfer a file to another person by simply choosing a person in the conference and specifying a file .
Lexington is the primary operation center , but a duplicate center is maintained in Chicago for backup .
Libraries for marketing , technical , and other types of information .
Licensing packages are used to ensure that a company is operating within its legal boundaries for software usage .
Licensing programs usually include controls that prevent unauthorized users from accessing programs or prevent users from holding a key for too long .
Licensing programs usually include controls that prevent unauthorized users from accessing programs or prevent users from holding a key for too long .
Light shines through it from one end to the other .
Like 100Base - TX , the 100Base - T4 specification has a maximum hub - to - station cable length of 100 meters and an end - to - end maximum of 250 meters .
Like a castle 's multiple perimeter defenses , you can install multiple firewall devices to keep wily hackers out of your networks .
Like a local file system , a DFS volume has a root that is its starting point .
Like a mirror , it reflects light back into the core .
Like any other router - connected network , the MBone needs a routing protocol that guides packets through its mesh of tunnels .
Like any videoconferencing system , these systems require a camera , a microphone , and software .
Like any Web server , NetWare Web Server provides a platform for publishing HTML ( Hypertext Markup Language ) documents and other documents that can be handled within the HTML and HTTP protocols .
Like AVI , it is primarily used in CD - ROM applications and has been successful in bringing video to the desktop in that format .
Like HTML , hdml uses commands and statements that display information on a phone , provide input options for the user , and specify how the phone responds when the user presses keys .
Like IP ( Internet Protocol ) , ipx is an internetworking protocol that provides datagram services .
Like IP Switching , Cisco 's Tag Switching is both proprietary for Cisco and used generically to identify various tag switching schemes .
Like most directory services , nds keeps track of all network users , servers , and resources on enterprise networks and even global networks .
Like most other protocol suites , appletalk exists as protocol modules in various layers of a protocol stack .
Like NFS , administrators specify which directories or files are to be exported .
Like other networks , vines is built around servers that provide services to client workstations .
Like the higher - level transport protocol , data link protocols can provide connection - oriented services in addition to a connectionless service .
Like the MAC - based VLANs , moves are easy because the port of the workstation does not determine VLAN membership .
Like the segmented bus design , logical LANs can be configured over the physical network .
Like the session layer , this layer is a remnant of mainframe and terminal communications .
Like WebNFS , it is optimized to run over the Internet or intranets and implements file - level security mechanisms .
Like Windows 95 , Windows NT does not rely on DOS system services in any way .
Likewise , communication protocols have a layered structure in which protocols at one layer in the transmitting system communicate with protocols in the same peer layer of the receiving system .
Likewise , diplomats of lower rank , who provide services to higher - level diplomats , also coordinate their activities with peer diplomats in the other embassy .
Likewise , if switches in your network handle variable length frames , you can't accurately predict when a frame going into the network will come out the other side .
Likewise , a mesh network is a collection of point to point links .
Likewise , a packet bound for D is also output on port 1 , as indicated in the table .
Likewise , a universal directory service will be critical on the Internet and for public service networks such as America Online and others .
Likewise , a Web server can have a certificate to prove its authenticity to users who access it .
Likewise , disk reads are improved because there is a speed advantage in simultaneously reading data from four separate drives .
Likewise , MacTCP ( the TCP / IP protocol stack in early releases of Mac OS ) was pushed aside in favor of Open Transport .
Likewise , many internal systems are freely available for employee access .
Likewise , Microsoft 's SMB takes advantage of FAT and NTFS , as does the new CIFS ( Common Internet File System ) .
Likewise , one of the hosts on network D has the address D3 .
Likewise , the RBOCs were allowed to establish long - distance services .
Likewise , the sender is assured that any alterations to the document by the recipient can be detected .
Likewise , when the Internet server returns a response , it is intercepted by the proxy server and transferred to the user .
Likewise , your public Web and FTP servers are situated in the " market yard , " where they connect to the Internet to provide public access .
Limit broadcast traffic between networks and intelligently forward packets between networks .
Limited bandwidth is usually the biggest hold - up .
Line conditioners are available from a number of manufacturers to improve the quality of modem service .
Line conditioning is also something that the telephone company will do when you lease high - speed services such as T1 .
Line conditioning provides a way to gain better throughput and take full advantage of a modem 's potential .
Lines are added to the header of the message to indicate the presence and structure of MIME information .
Link - attached cluster controller : These controllers are connected to communication controllers .
Link - state routing protocols track the status of other routers and links and can adapt more quickly to changes in network topology .
Link - state routing , as compared to distance - vector routing , requires more processing power but provides more control over the routing process and responds faster to changes .
Link state routing protocols are preferable in these situations , as discussed below under " Link State Routing Protocols . " .
Link state routing provides a way to control the routing process and let routers respond faster to changes in the network , such as a broken link or the addition of a new router and network .
Link state routing requires more processing power than distance - vector routing but provides more control over the routing process and responds faster to changes .
Link state routing , as compared to distance - vector routing , requires more processing power but provides more control over the routing process and responds faster to changes .
Linked object A linked object is not part of a compound document .
Links that form the bundle may be different physical links ( dial - up or dedicated circuits ) or different virtual links ( such as multiplexed circuits over ISDN , X.25 , or frame relay ) .
Links to documents at other Web sites : These require that the full URL to other Web sites be embedded in the HTML document .
Links to other documents at the same Web site : The link usually opens a document in a different directory .
Links to other sections on the same document : A common practice is to build a table of contents at the beginning of a Web document .
Linux also supports standard UNIX and Internet protocols and supports Java .
Linux is a " user - developed " product , meaning that many of its components and drivers have been developed by users around the world who ran the operating system for their own use .
Linux is a " user - developed " product , meaning that many of its components and drivers have been developed by users around the world who ran the operating system for their own use .
Linux is a UNIX - like 32 - bit operating system that runs on a variety of platforms , including Intel , SPARC , PowerPC , and DEC Alpha processors as well as multiprocessing systems .
Linux is another free UNIX - like operating system that runs on a variety of platforms , including Intel , SPARC , PowerPC , and DEC Alpha processors as well as multiprocessing systems .
LIPS follows a business card model and defines attributes for a person 's name , title , phone number , e - mail address , and other information .
LIPS provides a way to identify people within directory services using common attributes .
LISTSERV : As mentioned , the original mailing list server is LISTSERV , written in 1986 by Eric Thomas and now sold by L - Soft International .
LISTSERV is the name of a mailing list product sold by L - Soft International , Inc . that has its roots in the original mailing list server product created by Eric Thomas in 1986 .
LISTSERV is the name of a mailing list product sold by L - Soft International , Inc . , that has its roots in the original mailing list server product created by Eric Thomas in 1986 .
Literally thousands of applications are available to run on Windows 95 .
Little , Inc . , is to rapidly develop on behalf of the North American Cable Industry a set of communications and operations support interface specifications for high - speed data delivery over two - way hybrid fiber cable televisions systems .
Little training is necessary , and most browser software is free .
LiveConnect includes a standard API called JRI ( Java Runtime Interface ) .
LiveSites is netcasting ( push ) software that automatically sends information to desktops from a corporate server or an Internet site such as PointCast .
LLC ( Logical Link Control ) : The IEEE ( Institute of Electrical and Electronic Engineers ) defines this protocol in its 802.x family of network standards .
LLC can provide both connection - oriented and connectionless services .
Load balancing , in general , includes techniques for distributing work across multiple systems or communication channels to handle peaks in the load or traffic .
Load balancing is used in a number of ways , as discussed next .
Local area network administrators can determine the following through the DMI interface :
Local area services involve wireless communication between workstations that are in a fixed position within an office .
Local autonomy allows each site to maintain an independent nature so data and resources can be secured , protected , and managed by local authorities .
Local certificate authorities are authorized by states , which in turn are authorized by national CAs .
LocalTalk is a LAN ( local area network ) protocol that defines AppleTalk packet transmission over a 230.4 - Kbit / sec cabling system .
LocalTalk is a physical bus topology that is wired with twisted - pair telephone wire in a daisy - chain configuration .
LocalTalk was originally called AppleTalk , but Apple changed the name in 1989 to LocalTalk .
Locates users who are currently running NetMeeting so you can participate in a conference .
Lock down computers to prevent malicious people from infecting systems or installing Trojan horse programs .
Locking mechanisms can prevent a user from accessing a block of records until another user is finished making changes , but these solutions introduce their own problems .
Logic bomb : A logic bomb is basically a Trojan horse with a timing device .
Login scripts are critical for setting up the environments of network users .
Logon is a procedure that a user follows to gain access to a privileged system , such as a network , a file server , a database , a Web server , or some other system .
Logon restrictions and directory or file access rights are important techniques that administrators and supervisors have to protect data against malicious or accidental loss or corruption by users .
Logon software usually runs when the workstation is turned on or when a user types a command such as LOGON or LOGIN .
Long - distance carriers such as AT &amp; T , MCI , and Sprint can now offer services in local areas , and the LECs can offer long - distance services .
Long - distance circuits are made through a remote switching office as shown by circuit B1 - B2 .
Long - distance leased lines for voice between company sites are replaced with short lines into a carrier 's switching system .
Long - distance services opened up to competition , and companies like Sprint and MCI began to build radio and fiber - optic cable infrastructure .
Long ago , the ISO ( International Organization for Standardization ) developed the seven - layer OSI ( Open Systems Interconnection ) model .
Long ago ,the telephone company established the frequency range of 300 to 3,300 Hz as the range for voice 
Looking in a routing table , it determines that the port connected to R2 is the best way to forward the packet to its destination .
Loop resolution : Largebridged LANs may have loops that could cause frames to travel continuously .
Loopback testing and monitoring is also handled in this layer .
Loss in transmission due to leakage .
Lossless compression : A lossless compression system assumes you want to get everything back from a file that you have compressed .
Lossy compression : A lossy system assumes that some loss of information during compression and uncompression is acceptable .
Lossy compression can provide compression ratios of 100 : 1 to 200 : 1 , depending on the type of information being compressed .
Lost and corrupted packets must be detected with some mechanism , usually by adding sequence numbers to packets and relying on the receiver to detect from the sequence whether a packet is missing .
Lost or corrupted frames are retransmitted .
Lotus and the VIM committee include CMC in the VIM standard and the VIM Simple Mail Interface calls .
Lotus Domino is a server technology that transforms Lotus Notes into an Internet application server that allows Web clients to interactively participate in a Notes environment and access dynamic data and applications on Notes servers .
Lotus is developing versions of Domino for Windows NT / Intel , Solaris / SPARC , Solaris / Intel Edition , AIX , and OS / 2 .
Lotus Notes and Domino Lotus Notes was one of the first full - featured messaging and groupware products .
Lotus Notes and Novell GroupWise are other examples of this type of platform .
Lotus Notes is an enterprise - wide , client / server - based messaging system that integrates groupware , forms generation , and document flow for large network environments .
Low - cost voice cards and Internet telephony software is required in PCs .
Low - end analyzers are often designed for traditional LANs such as 10 - Mbit / sec Ethernet or token ring .
Low - end switches are designed for departments and workgroups .
Lower levels of the tree are defined by other organizations , and some branches define vendor - specific objects .
LSAPI ( License Service API ) is an API that helps automate software licensing .
LU 6.2 is the technical name for IBM APPC .
LU 6.2 provides peer - to - peer communications between systems other than hosts , and allows those systems to run distributed applications such as file sharing and remote access .
LU 6.2 provides peer to peer communications between systems other than hosts and allows those systems to run distributed applications like file sharing and remote access .
LU 6.2 relies on SNA Type 2.1 nodes .
LU 6.2 supports the entire range of IBM platforms , including local area networks , desktop systems , and mainframes .
LU 6.2 was developed to allow computers in IBM environments to set up their own communication sessions , rather than rely on a host computer to do so .
LU 6.2 was developed to allow computers on the network with their own processing power to set up their own sessions .
LU Type 0 : A program - to - program data communication session that provides general purpose transport services ( i . e . , for file transfers ) .
Lucent and Octel ( recently acquired by Lucent ) are major providers of voice - mail systems .
Lucent Technologies , MICOM Communications , VocalTec Communications , and other manufacturers are already scaling up to systems that can support thousands of concurrent users .
M - series aerial cable has up to 48 fibers and a stainless steel or all - dielectric messenger or self - supporting round cable for outside plant aerial installations .
MA ( multiple access ) indicates that many devices can connect to and share the same network .
MAC addresses are only used to forward frames between computers attached to the same network .
Mach implements a modular design in which additional functions can be bound to the microkernel , such as file management , network support , graphical user interface , and others .
Mach is part of the core operating system for Rhapsody , apples newest operating system .
Macintosh users access AppleShare servers through AppleShare Client software .
Macro Virus : This is the newest breed of virus .
Macro viruses are executable programs that attach themselves to documents created in Microsoft Word and Excel .
Madge Networks is developing products based on CIF and that provide various levels of prioritization for network traffic .
MAEs ( metropolitan area exchanges ) MAEs provide essentially the same function as NAPs , but without the funding of the NSF .
Magnetic disks and optical disks provide direct access to data , while tape systems provide slower sequential access .
Mail sent to a distribution list is automatically sent to all users in the list .
Mail server replication that protects the system and makes messages more readily available to users at other locations in the company .
Mail servers must run continually in order to transfer messages at any time .
Mail servers that run MTAs and provide temporary message stores .
Mail slots is a related IPC mechanism that provides store - and - forward queued messaging services .
Mail slots is often used to locate or provide notification of computers and services on the network .
Mailboxes can also be replicated to benefit mobile users .
Mailing list programs are programs that distribute messages to large numbers of recipients by taking advantage of the Internet mail protocols .
Mailing list programs create logs of messages that are archived and can be reviewed at any time .
Mailing lists are an excellent tool for organizations to use for in - house discussions or to provide open discussions with customers or clients .
Mainframe costs are plummeting due to CMOS - based systems .
Mainframes are being used as Web servers , client / server systems , and as systems that can provide the integrity needed to run electronic commerce applications .
Mainframes are no longer centralized processing systems that feed the displays of dumb terminals .
Maintenance costs are reduced because individual components can be upgraded without having to change the entire application .
Major vendors have announced clustering technologies , including Microsoft with its Wolfpack technology ; IBM , which is working on its clustering technology , code - named Phoenix ; and SunSoft with its strategy , called Full Moon .
Major vendors now support DLSw , including IBM , Cisco , Bay Networks , 3Com , and other network router vendors .
Major vendors now support IMAP , and applications are coming online that have sophisticated collaborative features , groupware support , and workflow options , made possible by IMAPs feature set .
Major vendors , such as Bay , Cabletron , Cisco , and 3Com , already have products in the works .
Majordomo : Like LISTSERV , majordomo is a mailing list program for automating and managing mailing lists .
Majordomo does not have the commercial aspect of LISTSERV nor does it have all of LISTSERVs features .
Make changes : With this privilege , users can change folders and their contents .
Make it easier to access any kind of documents over computer networks .
Manage document revisions and " audit trails " to track where a document has been .
Manage documents that are distributed and stored in repositories throughout an organization .
Manage hardware monitoring , maintenance , and inventory functions .
Manage software distribution , updates , and licensing .
Manage users and their workstation configurations .
Managed devices : Network devices such as hubs , routers , and bridges running agents that collect information about their operation and provide it to the management console by way of the SNMP protocol .
Managed devices are responsible for initiating alarms .
Management applications are also available to provide the following :
Management applications are designed to take advantage of distributed computing .
Management domains include the local PRMD ( private management domain ) and public X.400 service providers , called ADMDs ( administrative management domains ) .
Management features are important .
Management features provide the ability to lock down the desktop , prevent users from performing some tasks , provide security ( there are no disks to upload or download data ) , and provide centralized configuration of the system and the user 's desktop .
Management information is stored in a MIB ( management information base ) where it can be collected by a management program running at a network administrator 's workstation .
Management of clients and server machines can be done from any point , allowing smaller numbers of administrators to manage more systems .
Management packages like Network Health - Frame Relay from Concord Communications ( http : / / www . concord . com ) can help access the requirements for WAN services .
Management software : This software is embedded at the core , edge , and end system to implement policies , provide bandwidth control , and monitor traffic .
Management software also provides a way to gather information about the network over a specific time period for analysis , or you can look at historical information for comparisons to current information .
Management software and management protocols are available to handle some of these tasks , although software and equipment for centralized control of large networks is still an immature technology .
Management systems : An administrative system that collects information from agents that run in managed devices .
Management systems run a management application and include a database for collecting information .
Management systems that are DMI - compliant use this interface to access management information .
Management , administration , and auditing features .
Managers can then track power quality , ups operating temperature , line frequency , ups output voltage , maximum and minimum line power , battery strength , line voltage , and UPS load .
Managers can use Web - based management tools to manage systems at remote sites .
Managers can view information and carry out management tasks from their office , saving time and even eliminating travel in some cases .
Managers don't need to travel to a network site and physically attach a LAN analyzer because RMON can provide the functionality of a LAN analyzer in the components of the network itself .
Managers may have good reasons to support voice over data networks , if only for a few special users .
Managers must evaluate the volume of network traffic and its destination to determine the type of services to use .
Managers should create groups for users , projects , and management purposes when planning and setting up the network , then add user accounts to groups as users are added to the network .
Managers simply choose which ports are to be part of which LAN segment , thus creating VLANs ( virtual LANs ) .
Managers use Web browsers as their primary network management interface .
Managers who need to cable networks face critical decisions .
Managers who need to decide between leased lines or traditional dial - up lines may choose dial - up lines when this feature is available .
ManageWise : An integrated management application for managing NetWare and Windows NT servers .
Manchester : In this scheme , a transition occurs in the middle of a bit period , which provides a low - error clocking mechanism .
MANs are high - speed networks that can support data , voice , and multimedia traffic .
MANs can also connect to other MANs , which allows customers to build interconnected LANs that span very large geographic areas .
MANs can support a variety of services , such as LAN - to - LAN connections , PBX connections , direct workstation attachment , and mainframe connections .
Manufacturers are free to make the microcode as simple or as complex as they want .
Manufacturers don't need to worry about which protocols and operating systems end users will run with their management products .
Many administrators do not consider this advantageous for security reasons , because any user can potentially reach any system .
Many administrators have been questioning their choice of token ring as Ethernet performance grows into the gigabit - per - second range .
Many administrators want end to enddata services from a single carrier , but for now AT &amp; T is more likely to resell services it obtains from the RBOCs when building such networks .
Many books include disks that contain sample programs for collecting common information from Web clients .
Many carriers are offering package deals that include the appropriate modem .
Many cellular phone manufacturers are offering phones with built - in CDPD modems .
Many collaborative applications are built upon electronic messaging systems .
Many commercial proxy servers are based on SOCKS .
Many commercially available routers and bridges also use the protocol .
Many companies and organizations are advancing the HTML standard .
Many companies and organizations are advancing the HTML standard .
Many companies have moved toward the switched network paradigm , in which computers are connected to dedicated ports on Ethernet switches , Gigabit Ethernet switches , ATM switches , or other types of switches .
Many computer systems and network servers provide what is called anonymous or guest access .
Many connectivity options are now available to help bridge the gap between these systems , as discussed under " Database Connectivity " and " Web Middleware and Database Connectivity . " .
Many different UAs are available , either from vendors or as free public software .
Many documents available on the Internet and Web are available for download as Acrobat documents .
Many e - mail systems will be described as POP3 compatible .
Many FTP sites use minimal file access security because they provide files to the public .
Many have also submitted their schemes to the IETF for standardization .
Many high - definition graphics files contain information that will not be missed if it is dropped during the compression cycle .
Many IBM sites using SNA systems and APPN began to see the possibility of moving to TCP / IP rather than using IBM 's SNA - compatible networking schemes .
Many implement high - speed ATM ( Asynchronous Transfer Mode ) but Gigabit Ethernet is getting attention because it is compatible with the existing Ethernet standards , which make up most of the LANs used in the world .
Many IRC servers are interconnected over the Internet into an IRC network .
Many ISPs would like to provide a higher quality of service by setting aside bandwidth for users , especially those requiring real - time voice and video service .
Many IXCs have signed resale agreements with the LECs to provide local services using the facilities owned by the LECs .
Many large corporations have the means to do this .
Many large organizations acquire or build their own proprietary systems , often in association with their business partners .
Many links can be multiplexed over the same tunnel .
Many middleware vendors have successfully made the Web transition in their products .
Many mobile devices are small computers with limited or no storage .
Many modern designs rely on ATM or Gigabit Ethernet switches at the backbone .
Many multiplexors have built - in CSU / DSU for direct connection to T1 lines .
Many networks provide directory services , many of which follow the X.500 set of standards for naming services .
Many of its features are still being ironed out .
Many of the implementations so far have failed to interoperate with one another .
Many of the new mail systems that support Internet protocols also offer some of the features that have been provided in high - end proprietary mail systems , such as :
Many of these systems provide mainframe - like performance .
Many organizations are building intranets that take advantage of Web technologies to give users of any operating system access to information on internal servers .
Many organizations are planning to use their internal data networks ( and the Internet ) for voice calls .
Many organizations are seeing the need to integrate their voice and data networks .
Many organizations have built SNA backbone networks that are separate from their router - based internetworks .
Many organizations have too much of an investment to completely move away from mainframe and minicomputer systems , or have special engineering and scientific applications that require their use , or find it is cost prohibitive to redesign for network systems .
Many organizations need to change their wide area network connections as markets change , as workgroups form and disband , or as mergers take place .
Many organizations that have an existing TCP / IP infrastructure and a lot of UNIX systems will obviously choose this product .
Many organizations use T1 lines to link corporate offices .
Many organizations will prefer to manage their own certificate issuance based on their own policies and certificate requirements .
Many other standards have been developed since these initial standards , such as the CCITT " V dot " series standards .
Many PCs released in 1997 have USB ports , and the new standard will probably supplant the older serial standards on PCs in a few years .
Many people consider objects to be " black boxes . " .
Many people thought that a network should be a " plug - and - play " platform for connecting all sorts of devices , as shown in Figure E - 6 .
Many problems and technical details are often hammered out in heated mailing list discussions before the product is released .
Many protocol analyzers may generate their own test packets under your control , which lets you test the carrying capacity of a network or test the operations of devices on the network .
Many routers take advantage of encapsulation on frame relay .
Many second - generation VoIP products will include bandwidth reservation for voice sessions , though the use of the RSVP ( Resource Reservation Protocol ) will also require infrastructure upgrades .
Many specifications are in the early stages of development .
Many systems on the Internet that provide front ends to database systems and other libraries of information require the use of TN3270 client software .
Many things are required for its success , including the upgrade of existing networks to high - speed networks that can support voice calls and maintain quality .
Many users share the network .
Many vendors and network administrators want to simply improve what they already have .
Many vendors are also promoting switched Ethernet as a migration path to faster network technologies such as FDDI ( Fiber Distributed Data Interface ) and ATM ( Asynchronous Transfer Mode ) .
Many vendors are implementing some or all of these techniques .
Many vendors do this using proprietary calls between the client and server .
Many vendors have accomplished this high level of transaction processing over the Internet by using proprietary communication protocols between clients and servers .
Many vendors have incorporated CCP into their products , such as ISDN ( Integrated Services Digital Network ) devices .
Many vendors now integrate this interface onto their router and multiplexor devices in place of serial interfaces such as V.35 and EIA - 530 ( EIA - 422 ) .
Many vendors now supply products that operate in the high microwave ranges for short - haul applications .
Many vendors of network management systems have already added Web browser interfaces to their systems .
Many vendors provide FDDI bridges for linking Ethernet or token ring networks .
Many Web sites are quickly overloaded with traffic from Internet users .
MAPI has become widely accepted in the industry .
MAPI is a Microsoft API that has become a widely supported industry standard .
MAPI is a set of interfaces that helps developers integrate support for a variety of e - mail systems into their applications .
MAPI is now the most commonly used messaging API and is discussed under " MAPI .
MAPI is often called messaging middleware , and like other middleware products , it helps promote the creation of products and speed their release to market .
MAPI provides a layer of functionality between applications and underlying messaging systems , helping developers create products that are compatible with a wide range of systems and platforms .
Marc Andreessen , now head of Netscape , was responsible for that work .
Marimba 's Castanet is an interesting software and information distribution environment .
Marimba 's Castanet is a good example of a technology called broadcasting that lets users tune into sites on the Web as if they were tuning in a radio or TV broadcast .
Marimbas Castanet provides a framework for distributing Java applications and content over the Internet or an intranet .
MARS is used in the MPOA ( Multiprotocol over ATM ) environment .
MARS provides a way to associate multicast group identifiers with the ATM addresses of members of those groups .
Matrix : Collects information about which devices are communicating with one another .
Matrix switches provide extremely fast any - to - any switching between connected devices .
MAU devices are available that contain fault - detection and management features .
McCaw Cellular Communications has developed a wireless internetworking system called MDBS ( Mobile Database Station ) in conjunction with IBM , GTE Mobile Communications , and some of the RBOCs .
MCI , along with Merit Network Inc . and IBM , managed the NSFnet backbone until 1995 , when the NSFnet was shut down and backbone services were handled on a competitive basis by a small group of commercial backbone providers , including MCI , PSINet , UUNET , ANS / AOL , and Sprint .
MCI currently has a contract to develop the vBNS ( Very high speed Backbone Network Service ) for the National Science Foundation , which will provide massive amounts of bandwidth for voice , data , and video .
MCI has already upgraded its backbone network to Quad - WDM , boosting transmission rates from 2.5 Gbits / sec to 10 Gbits / sec .
MCI recently incorporated Quad - WDM ( four - wavelength WDM ) in its backbone , quadrupling the network capacity by adding additional fiber - optic cable .
MCI Telecommunications has an interesting history that is tied to the creation of the original Internet .
MCI was awarded the contract to build vBNS in 1995 .
MCI , UUNET Technologies , PSINet , and Sprint are some of the larger ISPs that own their own national and global transmission facilities .
MCIs network capacity quadrupled , allowing four times the amount of traffic along existing fiber lines .
MCIs network is 100 percent digital . In 1997 , mci deployed Quad - WDM ( four - wavelength wave division multiplexing ) into its network , boosting transmission rates to 40 Gbits / sec .
MCIs original network was built with microwave communication systems , but it has been switching to fiber - optic cabling systems .
MDBS includes accounting services , authentication , and control software provided by Inet , x.400 and X.500 message - handling services from Retix , and fault - tolerant systems provided by Tandem Computer .
Meetings seem inconvenient due to travel and inefficient use of time .
Members subscribe to a mailing list , then receive a copy of all e - mail messages sent to the list .
Merchant Services is pictured in Figure E - 2 .
Merchant Xpert : A business - to - consumer sales system for creating online stores .
Merit then launched the RSng ( Route Server Next Generation ) , a commercial service that makes it possible for exchange point operators to purchase route server services from Merit in support of customer peering .
Mesh network : Routers are interconnected with other routers .
Message content is often not hard to figure out .
Message delivery is not guaranteed .
Message forgery can also occur on the Internet if someone wants to smear another person or an organization .
Messages are posted in a very short time for others to read .
Messages are routed from one mail server to another until they reach their destination .
Messages are routed through the infrastructure from one mail server to the next until the messages reach their destination .
Messages are then downloaded to their computer .
Messages are then sent from the software to the NDMP devices .
Messages can also be addressed to multiple users .
Messages can be prioritized to ensure faster delivery .
Messages generated in this layer are transported by data link layer protocols .
Messages like " access will require a charge of.25 " will become common on the Web .
Messages may be protected by using digital signatures , authentication , and encryption .
Messages may travel across networks and systems that are temporarily offline .
Messages that are broadcast within a VLAN are transmitted to the computers in those VLANs and no others .
Messages use the store - and - forward model in which they are sent to queues and held for the recipient to pick up at a later time .
Messaging is one of the methods that has become integral to the way that middleware is implemented .
Messaging middleware , ORBs ( object request brokers ) such as CORBA , and technologies like IIOP are alternative interprocess communication techniques .
Messaging models include IBM MQSeries and MSMQ ( Microsoft Message Queuing ) .
Messaging services : Messaging services ( usually called MOM , or message - oriented middleware ) provide a way to exchange information between applications and components using queues and store - and - forward messaging .
Messaging systems : The data warehouse typically consists of multiple back - end systems and multiple clients .
Messaging systems are becoming an important tool for program development in distributed environments .
Metadirectories can help synchronize this information .
Metadirectories is the term used for products that integrate information from multiple directory services .
Metal wires include twisted - pair wire and coaxial cable , with copper being the preferred core transmission material for networks .
Methods for prioritizing data , reserving bandwidth , and guaranteeing on - time delivery are essential .
MFJ ended the Justice Department 's suit against AT &amp; T .
MFM ( modified frequency modulation ) stores digital 1s as a flux transition and 0s as the absence of a flux transition .
MFS also maintains MAE WEST in California 's Silicon Valley , as well as MAE CHICAGO , MAE DALLAS , MAE HOUSTON , MAE LOS ANGELES , AND MAE NEW YORK .
MFS Communications maintains a number of MAEs , include MAE EAST in Washington D . C . , which connects the major ISPs as well as European providers .
MICOM ( http : / / www . micom . com ) , for example , has developed compression techniques that reduce the data requirements for a voice channel down to 8 Kbits / sec .
MICOM ( http : / / www . micom . com ) has processors that reduce digitized voice down from 64 Kbits / sec to as little as 6 Kbits / sec .
MICOM products also provide a way to multiplex voice , data , and other traffic ( such as SNA traffic ) over a single PVC , rather than setting up a different PVC for every traffic type .
MICOM 's ClearVoice compression allows customers to compress voice while retaining a high level of quality and network bandwidth .
MICOM 's V / IP ( Voice over IP ) phone / fax IP gateway uses G.729 voice compression technology to compress a call to 8 Kbits / sec .
Microcode can be either simple or complex , depending on the microprocessor manufacturer 's preference and the intended use of the chip .
Microcom , a modem and communications software vendor , developed several standards on its own that have also come into widespread use or been integrated into ITU standards .
Micropayments produce a profit as long as enough people buy content .
Microprocessors are rated according to the number of instructions they can execute per second .
Microprocessors have instruction sets called microcode that programmers use to create low - level computer programs .
Microprocessors such as the Intel x86 allow burst mode block transfers of data to memory and onboard caches .
Microsoft 's Exchange Server is popular where Windows clients are used throughout the organization and integrates better than any other product with Windows NT , the fastest growing server platform .
Microsoft 's SNA Server is such a system .
Microsoft , in collaboration with Intel and major PC manufacturers , developed the NetPC Reference Platform to define an industry standard for a " sealed case " PC that runs Windows applications but prevents end users from tampering with the system .
Microsoft , in collaboration with Intel and major PC manufacturers , developed the NetPC Reference Platform to define an industry standard for a " sealed case " PC that runs Windows applications but prevents end users from tampering with the system .
Microsoft and a number of other vendors are using the devices as peripherals to PCs and NCs ( Network Computers ) .
Microsoft and Netscape continue to improve HTML so they can provide more features in their Web browsers .
Microsoft and Netscape have both developed so - called " dynamic HTML " models that combine style sheets , scripts , and document animations .
Microsoft and Netscape have included SET support in their browsers .
Microsoft and Netscape keep improving HTML to provide more features in their Web browsers .
Microsoft and other vendors have their own document standards for this purpose .
Microsoft BackOffice is a suite of server - based business and productivity applications that run on Windows NT Server systems .
Microsoft calls a multihomed Web server a virtual server .
Microsoft calls NetMeeting a " bandwidth - smart " application because it has built - in mechanisms for caching , compressing , and optimizing transmissions .
Microsoft Chat has advanced features such as searching , which lets users easily locate chats of interest .
Microsoft Corporation was founded in 1975 by William H . Gates and Paul G . Allen .
Microsoft described MTS as an infrastructure product that can address a broad range of requirements in developing and deploying multitier applications .
Microsoft describes DCOM as " COM with a long wire . " .
Microsoft describes DCOM as " COM with a long wire " COM and DCOM are the core technologies of ActiveX , Microsoft 's component model for intranets and the Internet .
Microsoft developed ODBC and has continued to develop it as a standard .
Microsoft DFS is designed to make it easier to access files on networks .
Microsoft Exchange is a good example of a messaging product that provides an expanded set of features and support for a range of industry standards .
Microsoft Exchange provides enterprise - wide information exchange by integrating electronic mail , scheduling , electronic forms , and document sharing .
Microsoft Exchange Server Microsoft Exchange Server provides many of the same features of Notes and Domino , including workgroup collaboration features , security , and more .
Microsoft Exchange supports electronic forms so that workgroups can exchange " structured " information that can be distributed throughout the enterprise .
Microsoft expects OLE DB to lead to new database products that are assembled with component technology ( i . e . , ActiveX ) .
Microsoft had its Authenticode , javasoft had its JAR ( Java Archive ) , and IBM had its Cryptolopes .
Microsoft has also developed OLE DB , a set of data access interfaces that allow many different types of data stores ( not just SQL data stores ) to work seamlessly together .
Microsoft has also worked with DEC on its clustering technology .
Microsoft has code - named the NT 5.0 version " Hydra Server , " and it will be capable of hosting a variety of desktops that are Windows - based and those that are not Windows - based , either directly or via third - party add - on products .
Microsoft has developed the Microsoft Transaction Server to coordinate the interaction of components and ensure that transactions are implemented safely .
Microsoft has put support for ARDIS into its new operating systems for handheld devices and provides support for it in Microsoft Exchange Server and other Microsoft BackOffice products .
Microsoft has since developed Windows NT using some of the technology developed in LAN Manager , such as the concept of security and administrative domains .
Microsoft has worked closely with Citrix Systems ( http : / / www . citrix . com ) to develop WinFrame support in Windows .
Microsoft includes CMC in Windows .
Microsoft is also working with Internet standards bodies , including the IETF ( Internet Engineering Task Force ) and the W3C ( World Wide Web Consortium ) , to make DCOM viable on the Internet .
Microsoft is providing this feature in its Kerberos implementation and has submitted a proposal to the IETF that recommends the technique .
Microsoft is quick to point out that Windows is the best platform for developing CTI applications .
Microsoft is using the technology in its new release of Windows .
Microsoft LAN Manager is a network operating system that ran on Microsofts version of OS / 2 .
Microsoft Mail is the predecessor of Microsoft Exchange Server .
Microsoft openly licenses DCOM technology .
Microsoft products of interest to network administrators and users are covered under the related entries given next .
Microsoft promotes ActiveX technology as a tool for building dynamic and active Web pages and distributed object applications .
Microsoft SNA Server is a gateway system that can provide connections into IBM mainframe and AS / 400 computers for TCP / IP , IPX / SPX , Banyan VINES , and NetBEUI networks .
Microsoft Transaction Server , or MTS , as it is called here , is a product for developing and deploying distributed applications that require reliable transaction - processing monitors .
Microsoft Transaction Server coordinates the interaction of components and ensures that transactions are implemented safely .
Microsoft Transaction Server is a product for developing and deploying distributed applications that require reliable transaction - processing monitors .
Microsoft Transaction Server is an example of a transaction server for distributed object environments .
Microsoft Transaction Server provides transaction processing and monitoring along with message queuing and other traditional features normally found on high - end transactions systems .
Microsoft turned the development of DCOM over to The Open Group to help promote the technology as an industry standard .
Microsoft uses SET in its Merchant Services product ( discussed later in this topic under " Microsoft Merchant Services " ) as illustrated in Figure E - 2 .
Microsoft Windows and the Macintosh use this technology .
Microsoft Windows NT 5.0 includes Hydra Server components , which provide multi user capabilities as well as the capability to host a variety of desktops .
Microsoft Windows NT and other newgeneration operating systems perform symmetrical multiprocessing .
Microsoft Windows NT defines both rights and permissions :
Microsoft Windows NT includes ESD functions in the BackOffice SMS ( System Management Server ) module .
Microsoft Windows NT Server uses replication to duplicate data to other servers .
Microsoft worked with the W3C ( World Wide Web Consortium ) to create the CDF file format .
Microsoft , Intel , Compaq , and Cisco Systems are a few of the companies that are participants in WBEM .
Microsoft , Netscape , and other vendors have interesting products designed to take advantage of intranets .
Microsoft , Netscape , Oracle , Open Market , and a number of other companies back the specification .
Microsoft , Netscape , Oracle , Open Market , and a number of other companies back the specification .
Microsoft 's Active Platform is a set of client and server development technologies for building componentbased applications .
Microsoft 's Active Platform technology is extending this highlevel interoperability to other operating systems , including Macintosh and UNIX .
Microsoft 's approach to the NC is the more elaborate NetPC .
Microsoft 's Authenticode is part of its larger Internet Security Framework .
Microsofts COM ( Component Object Model ) provides a platform for integrating components within a single system .
Microsoft 's COM and technologies such as CORBA are designed to provide standard interfaces and technologies for distributing and integrating components .
Microsoft 's DCOM takes all the qualities of COM and extends it over a network .
Microsoft 's directory service runs on Windows NT Server version 4.0 and version 5.0 and combines features of the Internet 's DNS ( Domain Name System ) locator service and X.500 naming .
Microsoft 's directory services runs on Windows NT Server 4.0 or greater and combines features of the Internet 's DNS locator service and X.500 naming .
Microsoft 's high - end desktop operating system that provides the most powerful 32 - bit .
Microsoft 's high - end network server operating system .
Microsoft 's Hydra Server will provide multi user capabilities directly in the operating system so that Windows - based terminals or so - called " thin clients " can replace traditional " dumb terminals " in many environments .
Microsoft 's Merchant Services is a set of technologies for building and operating an electronic retailing system .
Microsoft 's new DFS ( Distributed File System ) is covered under " DFS ( Distributed File System ) , Microsoft " and " Distributed File Systems . " .
Microsoft 's new Windows operating system includes the broadcast news technology from PointCast , while Netscape is building its own system .
Microsoft 's ODBC ( Open Database Connectivity ) is a standard for interfacing applications to back - end databases .
Microsofts ODBC ( Open Database Connectivity ) now fills this role in many systems .
Microsofts OLE DB provides similar services .
Microsoft 's pull model is based on a technique called crawler , which is accomplished by an agent called a that visits and examines Web sites on a scheduled basis and then either notifies users of the changes or delivers those changes to the user .
Microsoft 's view is that component technology is the only way to support access to data on a distributed network as large as the Internet .
Microsoft 's Windows NT Directory Services provides the Active Directory API , which is a set of COM objects for manipulating and querying multiple directory services .
Microsoft 's WOSA ( Windows Open Services Architecture ) : A strategy to build middleware directly into its operating systems so that information flows more easily throughout the enterprise .
Microsofts Zero Administration for Windows Initiative , or ZAWS , may be worth evaluating as a more flexible solution that delivers the best features of PCs and NCs while providing the benefits of centrally administered workstations on a corporate network .
Microwave communication systems can transmit through air and open space and are the most widely used " long - haul " transmission method in the United States .
Microwave is an alternative to metal or optical cable systems .
Microwave systems are also used as backup lines to provide continuous service in case other transmission systems fail .
Microwave systems are highly directional and can be focused for pointto point transmissions . These systems are widely used for longdistance telephone communications .
Microwave transmission is useful when cable is difficult or impractical to use and a straight line of sight is available between two points , such as :
Microwaves are located in the frequency range above 1,000 MHz .
Middle layers define network communication methods .
Middle layers define protocols that set up communication sessions , keep sessions alive , provide reliable delivery , and perform error checking to ensure that information is transmitted correctly .
Middleware : This is a layer of software that hides the differences between data management systems and allows clients to easily access those systems .
Middleware also provides a communication system in the form of a messaging system or a direct real - time link between client and server .
Middleware and messaging may be employed within an organization to tie together its LAN and legacy systems , its diverse clients and back - end databases , and its local and remote systems .
Middleware helps applications work together across multiple platforms or operating system environments .
Middleware helps meld these heterogeneous components together so that developers can hide the differences between applications and provide connections for a variety of clients .
Middleware is a layer of software or functionality that sits between one system and another system and provides a way for those systems to exchange information or connect with one another even though they have different interfaces .
Middleware is also coming into widespread use on the Internet as a way to run sophisticated client / server applications with integral transaction processing , security , and management , something that is difficult to do with current Web protocols such as HTTP ( Hypertext Transfer Protocol ) .
Middleware is the glue that melds heterogeneous environment .
Middleware is used in the enterprise to make client / server applications work across the enterprise network .
Middleware is used on the Internet to tie users together with servers at locations that are potentially worldwide .
Middleware products provide a layer of functionality that allows developers to create applications that work across platforms .
MIFFs provide information required to install and configure an application for a specific machine , such as its type of video , printer , and memory configuration .
Migration is a process that moves files off valuable high - speed magnetic disk space and onto secondary , high - volume media , primarily optical disk .
Migration works in conjunction with backup strategies , and regular backups are still required .
Millions of stock market transactions take place every day using electronic means .
MIME - Version : This indicates that the message conforms to MIME .
MIME ( Multipurpose Internet Mail Extension ) and S / MIME ( SECURE MIME ) .
MIME adds two lines to the header of an e - mail message .
MIME also supports special fonts in the message itself .
MIME is an IETF ( Internet Engineering Task Force ) standard defined in 1992 for sending a variety of different types of information ( data types ) via Internet electronic mail .
MIME is an Internet standard that provides a way to include different types of data , such as graphics , audio , video , and text in electronic mail messages .
MIME is defined in a number of different Internet RFCs , including RFC 822 ( the original Internet mail definition ) , RFC 1049 , RFC 1154 , RFC 1521 , RFC 1522 , RFC 2045 , RFC 2046 , RFC 2047 , RFC 2048 , and RFC 2049 .
MIME provides a way to insert 8 - bit binary data into messages .
MIME supports binary files , non US - ASCII character sets , images , sound , video , and documents that are stored in special formats ( such as compressed files ) .
MIME was designed to be backward compatible with the previous Internet e - mail standard ( http : / / www . internic . net / rfc / rfc822. txt ) , which was strictly a text - oriented mail messaging system .
MIMEs contributions , as outlined in RFC 1521 , are multipart attachments for messages and a way for users to choose the type of encoding they want to use .
Mirror sites reduce traffic overloads on busy Web servers by replicating the server at other locations .
Mirrored disks provide load balancing .
Mirrored servers : In this strategy , an entire server is duplicated to protect against the failure of any component .
Mirroring : Data is copied from on - disk controller ( channel ) to two disk drivers .
Mirroring implies that two disks are present , but attached to one disk channel ( adapter card ) .
Mirroring is a form of fault tolerance that protects data from equipment failure .
Mirroring is the process of duplicating stored data on a second storage device in real time so that both devices hold the same information .
Mirroring protects against disk failures by continuously duplicating data on a primary drive or set of drives to secondary drives .
Missing and corrupted packets can be retransmitted .
Mix up characters to create passwords like " Qp &amp; yTx . " .
MLI is an interface to which device drivers for the network interface card are attached .
MLP is an extension of LAPB that allows for multiple physical links , thus providing better throughput .
MLP sees the multiple LAPB links as a pool of links for transmitting information from higher - layer protocols as frames .
MNP is a collection of protocols for modem data communication developed by Microcom , Inc . ( http : / / www . microcom . com ) , a modem manufacturer .
MO ( magnetic - optical ) technology : This technology is currently used in most rewritable drives .
MO disks have a long shelf life and are less susceptible to accidental erasure than other media .
Mobile communication is used to keep in touch with roving salespeople , delivery trucks , field technicians , and other personnel .
Mobile computer users use wireless communication to connect with corporate networks , query corporate databases , exchange electronic mail , transfer files , and even participate in collaborative computing .
Mobile Computing : Describes mobile computing technologies .
Mobile Computing : How to support users on the move .
Mobile computing becomes more of a reality as management headaches are reduced .
Mobile computing naturally involves telephone carriers or other service providers .
Mobile devices contend for these channels .
Mobile IP assumes that a nodes address remains the same as it is moved from one network location to another .
Mobile IP consists of the entities described in the following list .
Mobile IP , as defined in IETF RFC 2002 , provides a mechanism that accommodates mobility on the Internet .
Mobile node : This is the mobile host computer or router that changes its point of attachment from one network or subnetwork to another without changing its " home " IP address .
Mobile users that move from one location to another will need to change the IP addresses of their computers if they connect with a different subnet of the network .
Model numbers for this type of cluster controller end in A ( SNA [ Systems Network Architecture ] controller ) or D ( non - SNA controller ) , such as IBM 3274 Model 41D .
Model numbers for this type of controller end in C , such as IBM 3274 Model 41C .
Models that use multicast technology , which provides more efficient delivery systems , are just emerging on a wide scale .
Modem manufacturers have used many of the data - compression techniques mentioned earlier , but the Lempel - Ziv technique has become popular with the acceptance of the CCITT V.42 bis data - compression standard and its incorporation in most modems .
Modems ( mo dulators / dem odulators ) are data communication devices that allow two end systems to communicate over the public - switched telephone network .
Modems : Communication servers provide banks of modems that internal users access for dial - out sessions or remote users access for dial - in sessions .
Modems are asynchronous , synchronous , or both .
Modems are required on both ends of a dial - up line .
Modems are required to transmit digital data over these lines .
Modems at each end of the communication link perform the digital - to - analog and analog - to - digital conversion .
Modems may also use full - duplex mode , as shown in Figure M - 9 .
Modern electronic documents contain multimedia information , including graphics , voice clips , and video clips .
Modern hard drives that use encoding simply accept the stream of 1s and 0s from the CPU and pack them into a much smaller space than is possible if encoding is not used .
Modern modems use an encoding technique in which each baud can represent multiple bits of information .
Modern networks such a LANs and WANs are considered highly reliable .
Modern PBXs use digital switching and controls and support both analog and digital devices .
Modify : The right to change the attributes or names of directories and files , but not the right to change their contents .
Modular hubs are built on a chassis design that has card slots for multiple add - in boards .
Modular hubs are now the most popular design and are discussed next .
Modulation and demodulation are covered more fully under " Modulation Techniques . " .
Modulation is used to transmit digital data signals over telephone lines .
Modulation techniques are those involving the addition of information to a transmission frequency .
Modules may also be located in different places , thus supporting distributed computing and the Internet .
MOM ( message - oriented middleware ) : Asynchronous message passing between a source or destination that does not require that the sender wait for a response .
MOM allows applications that may be running at different times to communicate .
MOM can be contrasted with RPCs ( remote procedure calls ) .
MOM can provide virtual connections that may support existing applications , or it can be seen as a new model for building client / server applications that work over the Internet .
MOM is a middleware communication mechanism that provides applications with a way to establish a communication dialog using non - real - time , connectionless techniques .
MOM is becoming more important with the growth of the Web .
MOM works in cooperation with other types of middleware products to provide a dynamic distributed network environment .
MOMA has developed a conceptual architecture that enables messaging and ORB technologies to interoperate and is taking on a more active role in defining how complementary technologies can be integrated .
MOMA is an international not - for - profit association of vendors , users , and consultants dedicated to promoting the use of messaging to provide multiplatform , multitier message - passing and message - queuing services for distributed computing architectures .
MOMs queued message technique is appropriate when delays are acceptable .
Money is removed from an account at one bank and moved into an account at another , but a glitch on a communication line may cause money to be removed from one account but not moved into the destination account .
Monitor and analyze bandwidth usage for the purpose of optimizing networks or WAN links .
More - advanced encryption schemes such as IDEA ( discussed under " Types of Ciphers , " next ) have been developed .
More advanced analyzers can tap other network segments , but this may generate excess traffic across network boundaries during analysis .
More appropriately , they are called host processors .
More bandwidth can be added to accommodate increased data and voice circuit requirements .
More detailed information for developers and programmers is available at the Web sites listed at the end of this section .
More expensive devices can be rented , or you can rely on the services of consultants and professional cable installers .
More important , the middle tier in missioncritical business environments may hold the business logic ( rules , procedures , and operational sequences ) that is shared by all applications .
More important than understanding the simple SNMP command set is understanding the vocabulary of a MIB and the data that can be derived from it .
More information about IEEE 802.14 is available at http : / / walkingdog . com / catv or at http : / / isdn . ncsl . nist . gov / misc / hsnt / prj _ macprot . html .
More information about ongoing standardization can be found at the SQL Standards Home Page listed at the end of this section .
More information about Perl is available at the Web sites listed next .
More information about the products is available at http : / / www . microsoft . com .
More information is available at the Apple address given below under " Information on the Internet . " .
More information on each system is available at the NCSA Web site listed under Information on the Internet below .
More likely , a typical office user will wear a wireless headset that not only serves as a telephone headset but as a keyboard replacement by providing voice dictation services and voice command services .
More processors can be added as necessary .
More recently , microsoft has turned its attention to Microsoft Transaction Server , which is designed to support object transactions over in - house networks or the Internet and provides connectivity to legacy systems .
More recently , however , vpn has come to describe private , encrypted tunnels through the Internet for transporting both voice and data between an organization 's different sites .
More recently , the Fast Ethernet standard has become more popular for building Ethernet backbones because it is Ethernet .
More recently , tunneling has become popular as a way to build secure private networks over the Internet .
More sophisticated devices provide reporting and graphing of this information .
More sophisticated gateway functions allow PCs connected to the gateway to transfer files to and from the host , or to run client / server applications that let PCs access back - end database services on the host system .
More sophisticated operating systems like Windows NT have strict logon requirements .
More sophisticated protocols can also be used so objects can communicate and interact over networks .
MOSPF ( Multicast Open Shortest Path First ) : As the name implies , mospf is an Open Shortest Path First routing protocol .
MOSPF routers build maps of the network topology , including the location of islands and tunnels and then determine the best path through the network to a particular multicast router .
Most active hubs have eight ports to which workstations , passive hubs , or additional active hubs can be attached .
Most analyzers can only capture packets on the network segment to which they are attached .
Most are probably relational databases , but some may be object oriented or hierarchical .
Most batch processes , such as posting to accounts , are run during evening hours .
Most bridges can detect such looping frames and intercept them .
Most carriers also offer ATM cell - relay services .
Most carriers now offer frame - relay services , as do the PDN ( public data network ) providers such as CompuServe .
Most carriers provide packages that include automatic line failure recovery .
Most client / server applications handle these problems , but distributing linked data over many servers throughout the enterprise can pose some interesting logistics problems .
Most companies are now given class C addresses .
Most compression schemes take advantage of the fact that data contains a lot of repetition .
Most consumer modems use a single wire pair , meaning that they transmit and receive on the same channel .
Most corporate networks are interconnected networks that may consist of many different network segments .
Most data link protocols like those used for local area networks are bit oriented .
Most databases are operational databases , meaning that data going into the database is used in real time to support the ongoing activities of a business .
Most DBMS systems are client / server - based and operate over networks .
Most desktop microprocessor designs such as the Intel and Motorola chips are CISC designs .
Most discussions of IP switching involve ATM switching backbones , but other switching environments also figure into the picture , such as Gigabit Ethernet .
Most EDI experts agree that the current use of proprietary systems and VANs will give way to Internet technologies .
Most end systems will be connected to hubs or switches that have an FDDI backbone connector .
Most existing Ethernet equipment , including workstation components , does not need upgrading .
Most existing IBM products running under OS / 2 , AIX , OS / 400 , OS / 390 , MVS , VM , or VSE already conform to Open Blueprint .
Most fax servers also provide inbound services , which route incoming faxes to users on a network .
Most file systems today use the hierarchical directory structure in which a directory tree is built from a root directory .
Most follow the client / server model , although the management console ( which acts as a client ) is called a manager and the servers that provide information about the network are called agents .
Most good cable testers can now test for this problem .
Most groups are rather formal in that new groups are formed after they have been evaluated and voted on by USENET users .
Most high - end network operating systems , including Windows NT , now support symmetrical multiprocessing .
Most high - end NOSs run as dedicated servers and are strictly controlled by an administrator who manages the system , sets security policies , and controls who can access the system .
Most hubs and switches today implement a sharedbus design , which is discussed here .
Most important , it provides ISPs with a way to charge users for the services they use , an important requirement if customers want to obtain any kind of guaranteed service on the Internet .
Most important from a server performance perspective , i2o facilitates intelligent I / O subsystems that relieve the host of interrupt - intensive I / O tasks .
Most important , routers can easily join dissimilar networks .
Most important , the operating system is designed to provide very high levels of security , reliability , manageability , networking , and performance .
Most ISPs now have banks of 56 - Kbit / sec modems to support high - speed access for dial - up Internet users .
Most large companies have banks of relatively inexpensive computers that operate as file servers , application servers , database servers , e - mail gateways , and communication servers .
Most legacy networks don't have it .
Most major operating system and application developers support CIFS .
Most management applications of this type are built around the Internet 's SNMP ( Simple Network Management Protocol ) .
Most modern local networks implement a single logon feature in which the user logs on once to access resources anywhere on the network .
Most modern telecommunication facilities are built on highly reliable media such as fiber - optic cable , are inherently reliable , and do not require extensive error checking .
Most multimedia images can use lossy compression techniques as discussed in the preceding section .
Most network cards come with a socket for remote - boot PROM ( programmable read - only memory ) .
Most network management systems are UNIX based , although Windows NT systems are becoming popular .
Most network operating systems have an auditing system designed to record network activities .
Most network operating systems now create multiple copies of the file tables that keep track of files and their locations on disk .
Most network operating systems provide features that restrict the station that users log on at and the time they log on .
Most network operating systems such as Windows NT , NetWare , and others require that most users have an account in order to access a system or network .
Most network operating systems support mirroring of data on one disk to another disk .
Most network operating systems will create a directory called Users , under which a personal directory is created for each user account .
Most of the above discussion relates to using carrier ATM networks to build WANs , but ATM can also be used to build private networks .
Most of the activity related to switching with layer 3 intelligence is covered under " IP Switching . .
Most of the bisynchronous protocols , of which there are many , provide only halfduplex transmission and require an acknowledgment for every block of transmitted data .
Most of the current services such as PointCast are really using a " pull that looks like push " model .
Most of the discussion above has assumed that a company maintains a directory service of internal users and resources .
Most of the telecommunication systems around the world are regulated by governments and international organizations .
Most of the Web sites have extensive information on viruses , including databases , recent activities , and even virus hoaxes .
Most operating systems age ARP entries in the cache if they are not used for some time .
Most operating systems today allow files to be shared over a network with other users , so these systems can be called network file systems .
Most operating systems , including DOS , NetWare , Windows NT , and others , now include compression software .
Most organizations will build private ATM networks in phases to accommodate their existing framebased networks .
Most PBXs also provide digital interfaces for data terminals and PCs .
Most people are connected to networks and have access to data and devices on those networks .
Most people begin accessing resources the first time they use a browser .
Most power supplies in desktop systems can handle surges of up to 800 volts .
Most processes run on the remote host .
Most products that work on end - user systems convert voice messages to files that can be played like any other digitized sound file .
Most proprietary systems offer features that Internet mail systems have not traditionally provided .
Most proxy servers provide proxies for applications like HTTP , FTP , Telnet , and other Internet protocols .
Most RDBMS vendors now provide hybrid RDBMS systems that provide storage for multimedia types .
Most servers expanded to support a variety of clients , allowing them to store files in a single location for other clients to access .
Most service providers have a burst rate that lets you exceed the CIR rate to accommodate spikes in traffic , but only if the network itself is not overburdened .
Most SNMP management systems can automatically discover the topology of the network and display that topology in graphic form .
Most states will be requiring that CAs obtain a license to operate .
Most switching devices provide a way to configure VLANs ( virtual LANs ) as well .
Most systems are proprietary , and files compressed with one system cannot be uncompressed with another system .
Most telephone cable installed before 1983 is Category 1 cable .
Most testers today should be " CAT5 - compatible , " meaning that they provide a full suite of tests for four - pair Category 5 copper cabling . Such devices should be able to test 100 - Mbit / sec Ethernet and 155 - Mbit / sec ATM networks .
Most testing devices can measure crosstalk by injecting a signal in a wire pair and measuring the energy induced by the signal in adjacent pairs .
Most users don't need more than the right to read in a program directory .
Most VANs also provide a network on which to transmit information .
Most vendors are actively marketing FDDI because many organizations have refused to make the upgrade to faster ATM technologies .
Most vendors are implementing X.509 public - key encryption standards , which can provide single logon to a variety of network services after users have checked in with the directory .
Most vendors of document management software and systems have made the move to Web technologies .
Most vendors of proprietary e - mail systems have already integrated Internet protocols into their systems .
Most Web browsers now include a newsgroup reader .
Most will simply implement ATM backbone switches on their premises that connect directly into carrier ATM equipment .
Most wireless bridges use frequency - hopping spread spectrum radio techniques , which are not susceptible to interference and have a high level of security .
Most wireless LAN designs employ a fixed - position wireless transceiver ( transmitter / receiver ) that occupies a central location within an office .
Most word processors also allow graphic images to be inserted into those documents and the images are converted to fax graphics .
Most work with 28.8 - Kbit / sec V.34 modems .
Most workflow software provides some sort of security mechanism , usually in the form of authentication and digital signatures .
Motif is also the base graphical user interface toolkit for the CDE ( Common Desktop Environment ) .
Motif is the industry standard graphical user interface promoted by The Open Group .
Motif is the leading user interface for the UNIX - based operating system .
Motif provides application developers , end users , and system vendors with an environment for building applications with a standardized presentation on a wide range of platforms .
Motif provides application portability across a variety of platforms , allowing application developers to leverage their development work and customers to make valuable software investments .
Motorola 's Iridium project is a constellation of 66 LEOs .
Motorola 's Iridium project is a constellation of LEO satellites .
Moving up the protocol stack to the network layer , we find datagram delivery services such as IP ( Internet Protocol ) .
MP + is a protocol extension to the Internet MP ( Multichannel Protocol ) .
MP + is backward compatible with MP .
MPEG - 2 strives to provide full - motion video quality that surpasses NTSC , PAL , and SECAM broadcast systems .
MPEG ( Motion Picture Experts Group ) : MPEG is developing several video compression standards that define formatting , data rates , and compression techniques for international use .
MPI provides an interface for the connection of protocol stacks , such as IPX , TCP / IP , and AppleTalk .
MPLS forwarding must allow aggregate forwarding of user data , which means allowing a stream of packets to be forwarded as a unit and on a single path .
MPLS is not confined to any network layer or link layer technology .
MPLS must support operations , administration , and maintenance facilities at least as extensively as those supported in current IP networks .
MPLS was in draft form at the time of this writing , but you can read more about it at the Web sites given at the end of this topic .
MPOA ( Multiprotocol over ATM ) : The ATM Forum found that LANE did not scale well or take advantage of many of ATM 's features .
MPOA adds this capability .
MPOA allows different subnetworks to be defined on top of the ATM switching fabric .
MPOA also adds the ability for end systems to take advantage of ATMs QoS features .
MPOA currently focuses on IP version 4 but will support other network layer protocols in the future , such as IP version 6 , IPX ( Internetwork Packet Exchange ) , DECnet , and AppleTalk . MPOA also reduces the cost of edge devices .
MPOA is an ATM Forum specification for overlaying layer 3 network routing protocols like IP ( Internet Protocol ) over ATM .
MPOA is an ATM Forum specification for overlaying layer 3 network routing protocols like IP over an ATM switched network environment .
MPOA is derived from early work done with LANE ( LAN Emulation ) .
MPOA provides a way to route multiple network layer protocols over ATM switching networks .
MPOA uses a number of protocols to fully leverage ATM features , including NHRP as mentioned .
MPOA uses an overlay model that maps IP addresses ( and other network layer addresses such as IPX ) to ATM addresses .
MPOA uses NHRP ( Next Hop Resolution Protocol ) to determine routes between VLANs .
MPP ( massively parallel processor ) systems : solve the overloaded bus problem by grouping processors into nodes and interconnecting the nodes with a high - speed switch as pictured on the right in Figure P - 2 .
MPP ( massively parallel processor ) systems provide yet another model for high - end servers .
MPP ( Multichannel PPP ) is an Ascend extension that provides dynamic bandwidth allocation , allowing the data rate of the line to be increased as needed by making additional dial - up connections .
MPP provides the advantages of clustering for large uniprocessor systems with a scaleable bus design that can handle the addition of many " processor nodes . " .
MPP systems are a good match for data warehousing operations .
MPP systems can be scaled by adding more nodes .
MPP systems can scale up to the supercomputer level with hundreds or even thousands of processors .
MPP systems perform sequential tasks well , and processing may proceed in steps as one processor passes a completed task onto another processor for further processing .
MPTN ( Multiprotocol Transport Networking ) is an IBM networking architecture that enables integration of IBM hosts into TCP / IP network environments .
MPTN is designed around the specification found in the CTS ( Common Transport Semantic ) layer of the IBM Open Blueprint , which is described elsewhere in this book .
MPTN is IBM software that provides a way to decouple applications from underlying transport protocols and remove the need for multiprotocol routers .
MPTN is widely used to connect PCs directly to IBM AS / 400 midrange systems .
MQSeries is supported on IBM platforms and operating systems , DEC VMS , Tandem Guardian and Himalaya , HP UX , Sun Solaris , SCO UNIX , and Microsoft Windows .
MQSeries provides an environment for building mobile communications , multimedia applications , transaction - based systems , and a whole new generation of network applications .
Mr . Thomas still oversees development of the product .
Mrouters must transmit IP multicast packets to other mrouters .
MS ( message store ) : The MS is a storage area for messages that can't be delivered directly to a user because the user 's system is offline or unavailable .
MS DTC is the entity that monitors and manages transactions in Microsofts COM architecture .
MSMQ allows developers to focus on business programming and not on networking issues , since MSMQ provides guaranteed network communication .
MSMQ also provides a MAPI ( Messaging Application Programming Interface ) transport and supports Microsoft Exchange .
MSMQ is a fast store - and - forward service that enables applications running at different times to communicate across heterogeneous networks and systems that may be temporarily offline .
MSMQ provides guaranteed message delivery , efficient routing , security , and priority - based messaging .
MSMQ provides guaranteed message delivery , efficient routing , security , and prioritybased messaging .
MTA ( message transfer agent ) : An MTA accepts messages from UAs and routes them to other MTAs .
MTAs communicate with other MTAs on the Internet because the messaging infrastructure consists of many mail servers through which messages pass , as shown in Figure E - 3 .
MTP ( RFC 1301 ) describes a flow - controlled , atomic multicasting transport protocol that operates on top of any network protocol as long as the data link layer includes multicast .
MTP defines how members of a multicast group can agree on the ordering and delivery of packets for reliable delivery .
MTP ensures that all messages are delivered reliably , in order , and at the same time .
MTS - compatible applications are built with ActiveX components .
MTS ( Microsoft Transaction Server ) is a product for developing and deploying distributed applications that require reliable transaction - processing monitors .
MTS is based on traditional transaction - processing methods that have been used for many years in the computer industry .
MTS is specifically designed to work with new categories of component - based applications that work over intranets or the Internet .
MTS is specifically designed to work with new categories of component - based applications that work over intranets or the Internet .
MTS provides " middleware " functionality in that it hides the complexities of transaction processing from the program developers , allowing developers to concentrate on the functionality of their applications .
Much of the existing telephone system consists of the old circuitswitching equipment that is based on Alexander Graham Bell 's original operatorcontrolled switching system , although far more automatic .
Much of the original work was done at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology and with the help of companies such as BBN ( Bolt , Beranek , and Newman , Inc . ) .
Much of the work being done to provide QoS on intranets and the Internet was still under development at the time of this writing .
Much of the work has been done by Scott Brim of Cornell , who chairs the alliance .
Much of the work in software distribution and management programs is being handled by the DMTF ( Desktop Management Task Force ) and is defined in DMTF 's DMI ( Desktop Management Interface ) .
Much of the World Wide Web 's impact has come from its making the public aware of hypertext and hypermedia .
Multicast applications , the Internet MBone , RTP ( Real - time Transport Protocol ) , and other protocols use UDP as their delivery mechanism .
Multicast channels are also supported , so a single sender can establish a circuit to multiple receivers .
Multicast datagrams propagate through the Internet in an efficient way to reduce excess traffic .
Multicast IP is a one - to - many transmission scheme , and it is discussed under " IP Multicast . .
Multicast packets are addressed with IP class D addresses .
Multicast receivers must indicate their desire to be included in a multicast session .
Multicasting also allows the VLAN to span WAN - based routers .
Multicasting helps reduce the number of packets traversing the Internet by only sending packets to users that have requested them .
Multicasting is a limited form of broadcasting in which transmissions are targeted to a select group of stations on a network .
Multicasting is a one - to - many transmission .
Multicasting is a technique for sending a single message inside data packets to multiple destinations .
Multicasting is a two - way process .
Multicasting is a way of efficiently transmitting text , audio , and video on the Internet or an internal network to a select group of people , much like a conference call includes a select group of people .
Multicasting is an enabling technology for groupware and collaborative work on the Internet that reduces bandwidth requirements .
Multicasting is dynamic in that workstations can join and drop out of a multicast group at any time .
Multicasting is more efficient than unicasting if the same message is to be sent to multiple recipients .
Multicasting is one - to - many communication supported by Internet standards .
Multicasting is set up by using IP class D addresses .
Multicasting provides a way for one station to send packets to a select group of systems .
Multicasting simulates this in packet - switched networks .
Multicore twisted - pair wire has multiple twisted pairs , each color coded to differentiate it from other pairs .
Multics was an early time - sharing operating system created as a test platform in 1964 by General Electric , Massachusetts Institute of Technology , and AT &amp; T , although AT &amp; T eventually dropped out of the collaborative effort ; Multics is historically recognized as the first operating system to implement most of the multitasking features now common in most operating systems .
Multilayer switching is probably a better name since it implies multiple protocols .
Multilayer switching is probably a better name since it implies switching of multiple protocols .
Multimedia on private networks and the Internet consists of voice , video , and other media , such as animation , that have large bandwidth requirements .
Multipart Virus : This type of virus infects boot sectors as well as executable files .
Multipart viruses are a real problem because they use stealth and polymorphism to prevent detection .
Multiple access means that many devices share the same cable .
Multiple applications can access a single LU , or applications can access multiple LUs .
Multiple bus : In this design , the backplane has several buses , each of which is dedicated to a specific LAN .
Multiple channels are used for transmitting data from mobile devices to the base station .
Multiple chat channels are supported , including public , invite - only , persistent , authenticated , and auditorium chat channels .
Multiple compression techniques are used , including lossy and lossless techniques .
Multiple devices , usually terminals , are connected to a single device in what is often called a multidrop link .
Multiple frames can exist on the network .
Multiple heads can provide performance by allowing both reads and writes at the same time .
Multiple NDMP servers may run on a single host , depending on the number of backup devices attached .
Multiple NICs / multiple protocols : In this configuration , shown on the right in Figure N - 3 , a system is attached to two different networks .
Multiple sites providing overlapping coverage are deployed throughout a typical metropolitan area in order to provide wide area coverage and to penetrate buildings .
Multiple systems can get involved in parallel processing , in which they cooperate in the completion of a processing task .
Multiple threads may run simultaneously while new threads start and running threads end .
Multiple types of clients can access shared NFS file systems .
Multiple users can log in to the account at the same time and it often does not require a password , although users are sometimes asked to type a username .
Multiple Windows NT domains can be centrally or individually managed .
Multiplexed bus : A single bus is divided into multiple logical buses using multiplexing techniques .
Multiplexing combines multiple channels of information over a single circuit or transmission path .
Multiplexing cost - justifies the leasing of a high - speed digital line such as T1 .
Multiplexing efficiently interleaves data from multiple sources at the customer site on a single line to the frame - relay network .
Multiplexing is the technique for combining multiple channels of information onto a single circuit .
Multiplexing schemes such as T1 can handle 24 voice channels ( 4 kHz wide ) .
Multiplexor : A multiplexor provides a way to direct multiple channels of voice or data onto a T1 line .
Multiplexors , or MUXs as they are often called , are devices that combine signals from various sources such as a PBX ( private branch exchange ) , asynchronous terminals , or a bridge connected to a WAN and transmit those signals as a single data stream over a digital line .
Multiplexors merge the data streams from a number of devices into a single line for transmission over long distances using various media .
Multiplexors mix voice signals and data on the same line .
Multiport disk access : Each system in the cluster has access to the same RAID ( redundant arrays of inexpensive disks ) system .
Multiprocessor servers have become commodity items and most popular PC vendors such as Compaq , DEC , Dell , Hewlett - Packard , and IBM sell them through mail - order channels .
Multiprocessor systems are supported , and Solaris uses symmetrical multiprocessing techniques to take full advantage of these systems .
Multiprocessor systems have two or more processors .
Multirate ISDN ( Integrated Services Digital Network ) carrier connections are also common .
Multithreading : Windows NT is a multithreading operating system , which means that more than one process can execute at the same time .
Multithreading is supported , which allows applications to be broken into segments that execute simultaneously on each processor .
Multitier applications consist of client applications , application servers , and back - end database systems that store and provide access to information .
Multi vendor distributed directory services are also supported , including X.500 and the directory services in The Open Group 's DCE ( Distributed Computing Environment ) .
MVS is part of IBM 's SAA ( Systems Application Architecture ) .
MVS runs on IBM S / 390 and ES / 9000 series computers .
N Infrared light : This method offers a wide bandwidth that transmits signals at extremely high rates .
N Spread spectrum radio : This technique broadcasts signals in two frequency bands : 900 MHz and 2.4 GHz .
NADH defines bundles of voice channels into T1 lines and bundles of T1 lines into T3 lines and so on in an expanding hierarchy .
NAL enables administrators to install and manage applications on Windows - based workstations across networks .
Name resolution is the process of resolving a name into a numeric network address .
Named pipes are a networking extension of the IPC mechanism .
Named pipes are based on OS / 2 API calls , but in Windows NT they include additional asynchronous support and increased security .
Named pipes are logical structures in a server that other systems access when they need to use the resources of the server .
Named pipes are the network version of IPC ( interprocess communication ) facilities , which provide an interface between processes running in a single , multitasking system .
Named pipes enable client / server applications in distributed computing environments .
Named pipes is a high - level interface for passing data between processes that are running on separate computers connected by a network .
Named pipes is connection oriented .
Named pipes were originally created as extensions of the OS / 2 operating system and were implemented on Microsoft LAN Manager and IBM LAN Server network operating systems .
Names are used to make computers more accessible to humans , but the underlying network still requires network addresses .
NAP ( network access point ) Four regional NAPs were required to provide a connection point and traffic exchange facility for regional networks and network service providers .
NAPs and MAEs are at the top of the routing hierarchy .
NAPs are Internet exchange points .
Narrow band ( or single - frequency ) radio : This technique is similar to a broadcast from a radio station .
Narrow band PCS was auctioned in 1 MHz blocks .
National ISPs connect their routers to the NAP and MAE switches .
Navigator : Netscape 's traditional Web browser software that runs on a variety of operating system platforms .
NC rely on other systems for data storage and much of their processing .
NCA is a set of technologies that allows all clients including PCs and network computers to access information universally on Web servers , database servers , and other systems .
NCA serves as a software bridge that helps component software and technologies such as Microsoft ActiveX , Java , CORBA , and IIOP ( Internet Inter - ORB Protocol ) work together .
NCF ( Network Computing Framework ) : A specialization of IBM 's Open Blueprint focused on network computing and Internet and Web standards .
NCF ( Network Computing Framework ) is a specialization of IBM 's Open Blueprint focused on network computing and Internet standards .
NCF ( Network Computing Framework ) , pictured in Figure I - 4 , is a specialization of IBM 's Open Blueprint focused on network computing .
NCP ( NetWare Core Protocol ) : NCP is NetWare 's proprietary set of service protocols that the operating system follows to accept and respond to service requests from clients and other servers .
NCP ( Network Control Program ) runs in the communication controller .
NCP handles login requests and many other types of requests to the file system and the printing system .
NCP handles logon requests and many other types of requests to the file system and the printing system .
NCP is a LAN protocol that was originally designed with the assumption that servers and workstations would be relatively close .
NCP is the principal protocol for handling service requests between NetWare servers and clients .
NCP is the principal protocol for transmitting information between a NetWare server and its clients .
NCP services include file access , file locking , security , tracking of resource allocation , event notification , synchronization with other servers , connection and communication , print services and queue management , and network management .
NCs ( and NetPCs ) are designed to reduce the cost of client systems by centralizing control and management .
NCs ( as defined by Sun , Netscape , Oracle , and others ) are low - cost , network - connected devices that do not have hard drives , but instead rely on network servers for their disk and storage requirements .
NCs ( Network Computers ) are specifically designed to run Java applications .
NCs are often called thin clients .
NCs are potentially very inexpensive devices .
NCs are reintroducing the most beneficial features of the old mainframe processing model , such as centralized control and management .
NCs can be thought of as Internet terminals .
NCs do not have local hard drives , and so must obtain this information from a server , which can reduce performance and put excess traffic on the LAN .
NCs execute Java applets that have been loaded from servers .
NCs run Java applications , and IBM fully supports Java applications in its System / 390 operating system .
NCSA ( National Center for Supercomputing Applications ) has the following systems at its site .
NCSA delivers information through publications , conferences , forums , and seminars  in both traditional and electronic formats .
NCSA is an organization devoted to computer security issues in corporations , associations , and government agencies worldwide .
NDIS allows servers to support multiple network protocols .
NDIS basically hides the type of network card in use .
NDIS handles the interface between each protocol stack and its appropriate NIC .
NDIS provides a standard software interface that upper - layer network protocols use to communicate with a network adapter card .
NDMP is an initiative launched by the Network Data Management Protocol Task Force to create an open standard protocol for network - based backup on network - attached storage devices ( specifically , tape devices , although other devices will be supported ) .
NDMP provides all the messages for controlling the devices that perform backups .
NDS ( Novell Directory Services ) is an example of how time synchronization services help to keep the activities of servers synchronized .
NDS ( Novell Directory Services ) replaced the bindery in later versions of NetWare , although the bindery is still supported .
NDS ( Novell Directory Services ) uses this approach , as shown in Figure D - 22 .
NDS holds information about user accounts and network resources .
NDS is a distributed database that holds information about network users and network resources everywhere on the network , even global networks .
NDS is a distributed directory service that is similar to the ISO X.500 directory services specification .
NDS is a feature in NetWare 4.x that implements a distributed directory service similar to the X.500 specification .
NDS is discussed further under its new name , " NDS ( Novell Directory Services ) . " .
Near - line : Data is stored on high - volume optical disks , which have slower read and write times than magnetic disks .
Nearline and offline storage devices are slower , secondary storage devices that provide backup services or archiving services .
Nearly every DBMS on the market uses different methods to transfer data and communicate information between the client and server , such as alerts , requests for data , and status information .
NEC Corporation has been a big promoter of SOCKS .
Negotiation and signaling are established by the modem standards discussed later .
Neither of these bands requires FCC licensing .
NEO : A complete development , operating , and management environment for object - oriented networked applications .
NetBEUI is a NetBIOS - compliant transport that is called NBF ( NetBEUI Frame ) in the Microsoft environment .
NetBEUI is a small protocol with no networking layer , and therefore no routing functions .
NetBEUI is supported by Microsoft in its networking products , including Windows 95 , Windows 98 , and Windows NT .
NetBIOS also uses a unique logical name to identify workstations on the network .
NetBIOS broadcasts information about the location of servers and the names of those servers .
NetBIOS is an application interface that allows applications to access network services provided by network transports such as NetBEUI , SPX / IPX , and TCP / IP .
NetBIOS is responsible for assigning names to computers attached to a network .
NetBIOS is used to establish logical connections , or sessions , between networked computers .
NetBIOS is well established and still supported in many environments .
NetBT ( NetBIOS over TCP / IP ) is a Microsoft interface for connecting NetBIOS - compatible applications to TCP / IP .
Netcasting is also referred to as broadcast news technology or webcasting .
Netcasting is an alternative to Web browsing .
Netcasting is often referred to as " push " technology because content is pushed from a Web server and delivered to users who have requested receipt of the content .
NetDDE is the network version of DDE that has all the features of DDE but extends them over a network .
NetDDE provides linking between workstations after a DDE share is created .
NetFlow also collects data about flows for accounting purposes and provides security .
NetFlow Switching : Provides a boost in performance by routing the first packet in a " flow " and caching the information required to send that packet through the network .
NetFRAME 's Clustersystem 9000 takes a different approach .
NetMeeting allows intranet and Internet users to collaborate with applications over the Internet while NetShow lets users set up audio and graphic ) conferences .
NetMeeting allows intranet and Internet users to work together using the same applications over the network .
NetMeeting can be used for common collaborative activities such as virtual meetings .
NetMeeting is basically a videoconferencing solution that operates over corporate networks and the Internet .
NetMeeting is included in Microsoft 's Internet Explorer .
NetMeeting is included in Microsoft 's Internet Explorer .
NetMeeting then automatically balances the three separate streams according to their priorities and the available bandwidth .
NetMeeting transmits a complete video frame every 15 seconds and then refreshes the image with changes as they occur .
NetMeeting treats the audio stream with the highest priority , followed by the data stream and then the video stream .
NetMeeting uses Internet phone voice communications and conferencing standards to provide multi user applications and data sharing over intranets or the Internet .
NetPCs can boot from the local hard disk or from servers .
NetPhone 's PBX - T1 has a T1 interface to provide up to 24 voice lines .
Netscape 's products are more flexible in that you can exchange parts you don't like for other parts .
Netscape 's SuiteSpot , for example , includes a standard Web server , a mail server , a news server , a catalog server , a directory server , a certificate server , and a proxy server .
Netscape also has a complete Web development environment called ONE ( Open Network Environment ) .
Netscape Calendar Server : Provides standards - based calendaring .
Netscape Catalog Server : An application for finding and organizing information on the intranet using queries and browsing on user - defined categories and topics .
Netscape Certificate Server : Provides security services for the intranet .
Netscape Collabra Server , which is included in its SuiteSpot enterprise suite of applications lets people work together over intranets or over the Internet .
Netscape Collabra Server : A collaborative application that lets users create discussion forums .
Netscape Communications was started in 1994 by Jim Clark , an investor who was involved with Silicon Graphics , Inc . , and Marc Andreessen , one of the coauthors of the Mosaic Web browser .
Netscape Communications , Oracle , Spyglass , IBM , Apple Computer , and Novell support WebNFS in their product lines .
Netscape Conference and SuiteSpot are similar products .
Netscape Directory Server : A directory server that uses LDAP .
Netscape Enterprise Server : An application for publishing and managing information , including HTML documents and documents in a variety of other formats .
Netscape has been particularly supportive of CORBA and has incorporated it in its Web browser and server software .
Netscape has developed client and server plug - ins that enable binary components to run as part of a currently executing application or to handle requests from Netscape enterprise servers .
Netscape has implemented CORBA into its Web browsers , and a new technology called " ORBlets " provides a way to let Java applets communicate with CORBA - compliant objects .
Netscape is also adding speed to Java by integrating JIT ( just - in - time ) compilers that can translate Java instructions in native code that run close to the speed of optimized C + + and C code .
Netscape is also involved in extranet technology , which addresses network links between the intranets of different companies .
Netscape is also supporting JavaScript , an easy - to - use scripting language for controlling Java applets .
Netscape is also working on next - generation products such as Mercury , a next - generation Communicator client suite , and Apollo , a next - generation server suite .
Netscape is also working with Sun Microsystems to allow Java applets to break out of the secure virtual machine in select cases ( i . e . , for in - house applications ) .
Netscape is developing similar business - to - business software .
Netscape is embedding Web NFS into Navigator .
Netscape is including IIOP in its browsers .
Netscape is including IIOP in its browsers .
Netscape Media Server : Provides a platform for distributing high - quality audio .
Netscape Messaging Server : An application that supports standards - based e - mail .
Netscape Navigator and all future Web products fully support Java .
Netscape notes the following about IIOP :
Netscape ONE ( Open Network Environment ) uses IIOP extensively to provide scalable and reusable services .
Netscape ONE Development Environment : A network - centric application development environment based on open Internet standards .
Netscape ONE is Netscape 's network - centric application development environment , based on open Internet standards .
Netscape SuiteSpot is a set of integrated server components that provides information publishing , messaging services , groupware services , directory services , security , and replications for organizational intranets .
Netscape SuiteSpot Netscape SuiteSpot is a set of integrated server components that provide information publishing , messaging services , groupware services , directory services , security , and replication for organizational intranets .
Netscape 's Directory Server is designed to be a central place for adding , modifying , and removing user information .
Netscape 's entire business is based on the TCP / IP protocols , Internet , and intranet technologies .
Netscape 's extranet standards depend on firewalls , certificate authorities , metadirectories ( a store for information from multiple directory services ) , software distribution standards , and data exchange formats .
Netscape 's extranet strategy involves the following standards and protocols .
Netscape 's next - generation Communicator client suite is code - named Mercury .
Netscape 's ONE environment is designed for platform independence and takes advantage of component software technology .
NetShow also uses streaming technology , which allows users to see or hear information as it arrives , rather than wait for it to be completely transferred .
NetShow is basically a low - bandwidth alternative to videoconferencing .
NetShow lets users set up audio and graphic conferences .
NetShow takes advantage of important Internet and network communication technologies to minimize traffic while providing useful tools for multi user collaboration .
NetWare 386 was a 32 - bit operating system that provided enhanced security , performance , and flexibility .
NetWare 4.11 also includes remote management utilities .
NetWare 4.11 includes SNMP ( Simple Network Management Protocol ) support so that servers can be managed by SNMP management consoles , including Novell ManageWise .
NetWare 4.11 is an NSE ( network services engine ) that provides a wide range of built - in services , including directory services , security , routing , messaging , management , file and print services , and TCP / IP support .
NetWare 4.11 SFT III : Provides fault tolerance and guards against downtime by integrating two physically separate servers .
NetWare 4.11 supports SMP , which enables it to run on servers with multiple processors .
NetWare 4.x has some interesting attributes .
NetWare 4.x provides a good example of an auditing system .
NetWare also includes several important features that ensure the survivability and quick recovery of data on servers , as described here :
NetWare also supports automated data migration to transfer infrequently accessed files from expensive online storage to nearline or offline storage devices such as optical disk and tape .
NetWare Connect 2 : A server - based remote communication platform that enables remote Windows , Mac OS , and DOS users to dial in and access resources on NetWare networks .
NetWare Connect 2 is a server - based remote communication platform that enables remote clients to dial in and access resources on internal NetWare networks .
NetWare includes directory rights that control access to the directories in disk volumes and the files within them , file rights that control access to files within directories , object rights that control who can access and manage objects in the NDS system , and property rights that control who can view and change the properties of objects in the NDS system .
NetWare includes SMS ( Storage Management Services ) , a collection of software modules for backing up and restoring data on NetWare networks .
NetWare Multiprotocol Router : Software - based routing products that provide concurrent routing of IPX , TCP / IP , AppleTalk , and SNA protocols .
NetWare Multiprotocol Router provides connection support to ISPs ( Internet service providers ) in the form of ISDN ( Integrated Services Digital Network ) support , leased lines , frame relay , and ATM .
NetWare Navigator : An automated software distribution product for NetWare .
NetWare performs automatic file - by - file compression to increase storage capacity .
NetWare server : This object represents a NetWare server on the network .
NetWare servers and routers on NetWare networks use SAP to broadcast a message over the network every 60 seconds to indicate the types of services it can provide .
NetWare SFT Level III is for an example of this type of system .
NetWare UFS ( Universal File System ) : UFS is the file system for NetWare , which is strictly a network server operating system .
NetWare uses a highly secure logon sequence that implements public or private - key authentication schemes , and an auditing feature that monitors and records networkwide events .
NetWare uses a protocol - independent structure known as ODI to provide simultaneous support for different protocols on the network and the ability to install and support multiple NICs ( network interface cards ) in the same computer .
NetWare uses two routing protocols : RIP ( Routing Information Protocol ) and NLSP ( NetWare Link Services Protocol ) .
NetWare Web Server takes full advantage of the security features in NetWare 4.11 to provide control over who can access Web documents .
Network addresses are assigned when setting up the primary server on a NetWare LAN .
Network administrators and network users access this database when they need to know about or access people and resources on the network .
Network administrators attach a network analyzer to a network and capture network traffic .
Network administrators can also get involved in specifying what these paths are because some may be preferable over others .
Network administrators can control access to AppleShare resources through user accounts that require a password logon .
Network administrators can run a single management application to monitor the performance of the cluster .
Network administrators can then physically locate servers in a central location where they are easier to manage .
Network administrators can use the same tools to manage a server in the same room or anywhere on the worldwide Internet .
Network administrators control user access by either changing values in individual user accounts or by setting global controls for all users or groups of users .
Network administrators evaluating the use of these lines must weigh the cost of a leased line based on the amount of traffic that will traverse it and whether an uninterrupted connection must be maintained at all times .
Network administrators should consider the possibility of using Fibre Channel in local environments for high - bandwidth users and devices , and ATM as the network backbone and WAN interconnect .
Network administrators typically access the directory to manage users and resources .
Network analyzers are generally portable devices , so technicians can move the devices to other networks .
Network analyzers operate in what is called promiscuous mode .
Network analyzers usually accumulate statistical information as well , such as the number of packets per second or the number of packets transmitted by a particular system .
Network and distributed computing support : The Windows environment supports workgroup ( peer - to - peer ) networking and domain networking ( which provides centralized storage of user account information ) .
Network applications that run on NetBIOS - compliant networks use NetBIOS to locate other resources and establish connections with those resources .
Network applications use store - and - forward messaging when real - time connections are not essential , as discussed under MOM ( Message - Oriented Middleware ) .
Network Architecture : The structural elements of network design .
Network architectures define the standards and techniques for designing and building communication systems for computers and other devices .
Network asset management to track hardware and software inventories .
Network cabling is a common source of problems .
Network communication protocols are defined within the context of a layered architecture , usually called a protocol stack .
Network communication systems adhere to layered architectures that provide a way for vendors to design software and hardware that are interoperable with other vendors ' products .
Network computer publications evaluate and compare NICs on a regular basis .
Network computers need quite a bit of information to get started , including a network address and the location of important services .
Network computing features in Solaris include ONC ( Open Network Computing ) technology - a TCP / IP - based set of services , facilities , and APIs that include file and printer sharing , data exchange , RPC ( remote procedure call ) , and distributed naming services .
Network connection devices such as bridges and routers are not usually referred to as nodes on a network even though they have network addresses .
Network connections allow users to operate from their home or on the road .
Network control software : This is end - system software that improves bandwidth control and end - to - end response time .
Network Design and Construction : How to build a network .
Network design , capacity planning , and simulation software .
Network designers must find a balance among the type of cable used , the transmission rates , signal loss over distance , and the signal emanation .
Network elements in the public - switched telephone network use SS7 to exchange information used not only to set up calls but to affect routing and control the network .
Network file - sharing services like NCP ( NetWare Core Protocol ) , NFS ( Network File System ) in the UNIX environment , or SMB ( Server Message Blocks ) in the Windows environment are specifically designed to use network services so that users can share files over networks .
Network file systems provide network - wide file sharing and file access .
Network identifier : Indicates the network ( a group of computers ) .
Network independence implies support for multiple network topologies and communication protocols .
Network installers who want to convert from coaxial to twisted pair cable for a particular cable run can do so by installing balun transformers .
Network interface board : Most Ethernet boards support either thick or thin Ethernet cabling .
Network interface card : An Ethernet card with a 10Base - T RJ - 45 connector is required .
Network interface cards are available in two categories : those that follow standard specifications , and those that follow the specifications but add enhancements to boost performance .
Network Management : How to manage a network .
Network management involves active and passive monitoring of network resources for the purpose of troubleshooting , detecting potential problems , improving performance , documentation , and reporting .
Network management services .
Network management tools that use Internet protocols and operate using familiar Web technologies are now common .
Network management tools that use Internet protocols and operate using familiar Web technologies are now common .
Network managers can install DLSw ( Data Link Switching ) to provide a transport for SNA and APPN datagrams over an IP network .
Network nodes work together to establish a path through a network so two end stations can set up a communication session .
Network Operating Systems : Operating systems designed with networks in mind .
Network operating systems have access rights ( called permissions in Windows ) that grant users specific rights in directories .
Network operating systems have access rights ( called permissions in Windows NT ) that are assigned by network administrators to grant users access to file systems , directories , and other resources .
Network operating systems provide security by requiring that all users log on by typing their user account name and a password .
Network operating systems should provide fault tolerance techniques such as disk mirroring and disk duplexing for quick recovery from disk failures .
Network operating systems such as NetWare and Windows NT use the concept of inherited rights ( permissions in Windows NT ) .
Network operating systems typically provide mechanisms for limiting the amount of disk storage space that users have available .
Network operating systems , or NOSs , provide features for controlling LANs or internetworks and for serving clients .
Network performance can suffer if systems must constantly resend corrupted packets .
Network security features such as access controls help protect data and other resources from unauthorized access .
Network servers solved the problem to some extent by providing a single place to store files .
Network topology mapping in the form of a graphic map that can be zoomed in or out .
Network traffic can be encrypted to protect against such eavesdropping .
Network traffic is reduced because the server only gives the client the information requested , not large blocks of information that the workstation must process .
Network videoconferencing is a tool for communicating via audio , video , and data in real time .
Networked computers have trust relationships so they can exchange information without needing some administrator to authorize each and every transaction .
Networking services include support for the TCP / IP protocols and Internet protocols such as Telnet , Gopher , and FTP .
Networks built with Web technologies ( i . e . , intranets and the Internet ) are distributed computer networks .
Networks such as frame relay can automatically provide more capacity without the need to add additional lines , but the capacity is limited by the size of the trunk that connects a customer to the frame relay network .
Networks tie the system together .
Networks with centralized cores require structured , hierarchical wiring systems .
Never transfer files from unknown or untrusted sources unless an antivirus utility is available to scan the files .
New and emerging software to support the data warehousing concept can replace EISs ( executive information systems ) and DSSs ( decision support systems ) .
New approaches to client / server computing in distributed environments take advantage of data on multiple servers at multiple locations .
New bus widths were devised .
New command sets were added .
New companies were formed to develop and market ATM switches and adapters for public and private use .
New components can be added at any time to expand the functionality of the program .
New desktop PCs using Intel processors already include support for such devices and a connection port in the form of the USB ( Universal Serial Bus ) .
New high - performance routers as discussed under " Routers " will be necessary .
New implementations of Mac OS protocol stacks that replace existing AppleTalk and TCP / IP implementations have been released , including support for PPP ( Pointto Point Protocol ) , NetWare NCP and IPX , Windows 95 and Windows NT ( SMB / TCP / NetBIOS ) , DECnet , and LAT .
New messages and response messages are automatically forwarded to members of the list .
New methods for accessing SNA systems using Web browsers over TCP / IP networks are emerging , such as Cisco Systems ' IOS / 390 TCP / IP intranet software .
New models are the IBM 3174 series .
New multicast - based services and technologies are appearing everyday .
New multigigabit routers operate in the millions of packets per second range .
New network designs are developed to improve bandwidth and traffic flow , something that is certainly needed as more and more users run collaborative network and Web applications that introduce large amounts of traffic to networks .
New NICs are required in workstations and new hubs are required in wiring closets .
New packet - handling techniques are required to find paths that provide these services .
New routing protocols have been devised that reduce network traffic , as discussed under " Routing Protocols and Algorithms . " .
New structured wiring system standards call for data - grade twisted - pair cable wire that transmits at 100 Mbits / sec , ten times the speed of coaxial cable .
New technologies and tools have been developed to make Internet electronic commerce secure .
New videoconferencing standards have moved manufacturers away from proprietary systems and in the direction of interoperability .
New Web - based distributed file systems are designed to download all the related files with a single connection , thus improving performance .
Newer , high - speed ( 56 - Kbit / sec ) , voice - grade modems ( such as the x2 models from U . S . Robotics ) are asymmetrical , meaning that the download channel has a higher rate than the upload channel .
Newer EDI systems allow companies to create custom systems using simple programming or authoring tools .
Newer models , such as the IBM 3745 , provide full - duplex communication lines and dual processors for standby service and backup , as well as IBM Token Ring Network support .
Newer modems provide advanced errorchecking and errorcorrecting methods that are much more practical and efficient than those just discussed .
Newer protocols such as named pipes are available .
Newer routers may use custom architectures with multiple processors to boost processing speeds .
Newer technologies such as COM ( Component Object Model ) , DCOM ( Distributed Component Object Model ) , and ActiveX extend this object model .
Newer versions perform more processing locally , thus providing better response and reducing the amount of information transferred over the link to the remote host .
News servers can also be set up for private use on internal TCP / IP networks ( intranets ) .
Newsgroups are grouped into a hierarchy with top - level groups having names such as Comp ( computers ) , Humanities , Misc ( miscellaneous ) , News , Rec ( recreation ) , Sci ( science ) , Soc ( social ) , Talk , and Alt ( alternative ) .
Next , a CGI script is written to accept the input that the end user types on the HTML form and do something with it , like make a query to a back - end database .
Next down in this hierarchy are routers connected to regional ISPs .
NeXT Software implemented Mach as the core of its OpenStep after much revision .
Next , a router forwards packets based on routing table information .
NFS ( Network File System ) : NFS was originally created by Sun Microsystems , Inc . as a file - sharing system for TCP / IP networks .
NFS ( Network File System ) and rfs ( remote file sharing ) file systems are commonly used .
NFS also implements ACLs ( access control lists ) which hold authorization information that defines exactly how an authenticated user can access a file .
NFS can also be configured to use other security services such as Kerberos .
NFS filenames must be addressed by referencing physical file locations .
NFS is a client / server distributed file service that provides transparent file - sharing for network environments .
NFS is a stateless system .
NFS is now a set of X / Open specifications defined as X / Open90 and X / Open91 .
NFS is running on millions of systems , ranging from mainframes to personal computers .
NFS runs on a full range of systems from PCs to mainframes in local and global environments .
NFS servers broadcast or advertise the directories that they share .
NFS solves this problem by implementing a lock manager to lock the sections of a file that are currently being accessed by different people .
NFS version 3 also implements a global namespace that lets users move to different network locations but still access files with the same naming scheme used at the " home site . " .
NFS version 3 provides integrity features for files that may be opened by multiple users simultaneously .
NFS was originally designed by a small team at Sun Microsystems in the 1980s , but is now an open Internet protocol .
NHRP ( Next Hop Resolution Protocol ) : NHRP is a protocol that assists in the establishment of routes through switched networks .
NHRP is an IETF ( Internet Engineering Task Force ) protocol that is designed to assist in the routing of IP datagrams over NBMA ( nonbroadcast multiple access ) networks , such as ATM , frame relay , SMDS ( Switched Multi megabit Data Service ) , and X.25 .
NHRP is not a routing protocol .
NHRP was developed by the IETF ( Internet Engineering Task Force ) .
NHS - 1 does not know the address , so it forwards the request to NHS - 2 .
NHS - 1 forwards the reply to the source .
NHS - 2 does not know the address , so it forwards the request to NHS - 3 .
NHS - 2 forwards the reply to NHS - 1 , which also records the information .
NHS - 2 records this information for future use .
NHS - 3 knows the address ( because it is in the same LIS as the destination ) and forwards a reply with the address back to NHS - 2 .
NIC addressing does not work on internetworks such as the Internet or an intranet .
NIC drivers , which contain the software logic to transfer data between software and the NIC , are installed in the MAC sublayer .
NICs are adapters installed in a computer that provide the connection point to a network .
NICs are defined by physical and data link layer protocols .
NICs for wireless LANs typically have an antenna for communication with a base station .
NII is promoted by NIST ( National Institute of Standards and Technology ) in the U . S .
NIS + Global Directory Services provides a secure , high - performance , distributed data repository for network and system management information .
NIST extended DES as a government standard until 1999 .
NIST has consolidated the activities of the CSL ( Computer Systems Laboratory ) and the CAML ( Computing and Applied Mathematics Laboratory ) into a new information technology laboratory .
NIST is a U . S . government agency that was established to assist industry in the development of technology .
NIST is working on the hierarchy CAs and digital certificates based on X.509 standards .
NIST 's goal is to set up a network that stimulates electronic education and makes information available in the classroom .
NIST 's initial work is centered around developing a root CA that can be used to examine hierarchical and nonhierarchical CA relationships , scalability , and other operational issues .
NLSP can also be managed from SNMP ( Simple Network Management Protocol ) consoles .
NLSP can automatically switch to alternate links if an existing link fails .
NLSP can forward packets through up to 127 hops and so is more scalable than RIP .
NLSP can optionally split traffic across two or more equal - cost paths between two network routers so that fault - tolerant redundant links can be created .
NLSP compresses the IPX header to reduce the size of the data packets .
NLSP is a NetWare routing protocol that was developed by Novell for IPX ( Internetwork Packet Exchange ) internetworks and as a replacement for RIP ( Routing Information Protocol ) .
NLSP only transmits routing information when something has changed on the network , and it uses a multicasting method for transmitting the information .
NLSP provides a more efficient service advertising method than SAP ( Service Advertising Protocol ) .
NLSP provides these performance benefits :
NLSP will eventually replace RIP and SAP as the default routing protocol in the NetWare IPX routing environment .
NNI ( NetworktoNetwork Interface ) : This is the interface between ATM devices .
NNs ( network nodes ) : An NN is a routing node that moves traffic between end nodes .
NNs also locate resources and store the resource information for later use .
NNs exchange routing information about the topology of the network with other NNs as changes occur . To conserve network bandwidth , only information about recent changes is exchanged , rather than entire routing tables .
NNTP is also used by clients who need to read news articles on USENET servers .
NNTP uses an interactive command and response mechanism that lets hosts determine which articles are to be transmitted .
No adjacent cells can use the same frequencies .
No information is cached in expectation of the user 's next request .
No international authority ever took charge of the top of the tree and few applications were ever offered that directly used the standard .
No longer will a customer need to deal with a LEC and an IXC to set up long - distance connections .
No one is quite sure how successful it will be .
No other stations are involved in a circuit except the two endpoints .
No person , government , or entity owns or controls the Internet .
No person , government , or entity owns or controls the Internet .
No piece of cable interconnecting two stations may be shorter than 0.5 meters ( 1.64 feet ) in length .
No program can directly access an object , Therefore , the operating system can check and verify every access to objects that programs want to make .
No routing is done by any device along the VC .
No specific network protocol is specified , so the underlying network can use IP ( Internet Protocol ) , IPX ( Internetwork Packet Exchange ) , or SNA ( Systems Network Architecture ) .
No transaction is complete until it is fully written to all the data servers involved .
No two network cards ever have the same NIC address , so Ethernet address configuration is a no - brainer for administrators .
No user can see another user 's files unless they have been shared by the user .
No users can access files on the disk unless they are properly logged on , and then they can only access files to which they have permissions .
Node addresses are mapped to names that make the network easier to access by humans .
Nodes are endpoints or junctions in the network of various types , including Type 2 ( computers , terminals , and printers ) , Type 4 ( communication controllers ) , and Type 5 ( host computers ) .
Nodes connected to hosts have a PU ( physical unit ) designation .
Nodes only need to detect missing frames and request a retransmission .
Noise : Often referred to as surges , spikes , or transients .
Noise above 150 kHz is from electrical equipment such as computers and copiers .
Noise below 150 kHz is from electrical transmission lines and fluorescent lights .
Noise problems cause slow or immediate damage to sensitive electronic equipment .
Noncentralization eliminates central data sites that represent a single point of failure .
Nonparticipating routers do not receive the packets , minimizing excess traffic and making the process more efficient .
Noritoshi Demizu of Sony has created the Multi Layer Routing Web page to track the latest developments in this technology .
Normal cables have PVC ( polyvinyl chloride ) jackets , while plenum - rated cables have jackets made with fluoropolymers such as Du Pont 's Teflon .
Normal layer 2 switching is used within each building , but the interbuilding connection requires a routed layer 3 path .
Normal protocol translation is bypassed , allowing the server to blast data directly from its bus to the backbone switch as bus - to - bus transactions .
Normally , the forwarding process is really a store - and - forward process , meaning that a frame must be fully received in memory by the bridge before it is forwarded .
Normally it extends only from the user to the ISP .
Normally , a multicast packet is sent from its source to the local mrouter .
Normally , a timeslot is dedicated for each device that needs to transmit .
Normally , a tunnel is used to transport a foreign protocol across a network by encapsulating it into the packets of the host network .
Normally , data files require a more intensive backup cycle than programs since the files in the program directory do not change often .
Normally , kerberos is implemented as part of a complete security system because it does not provide a full set of security features on its own .
Normally , removing routers would mean that more users would be contending for the network and that broadcasts would propagate to more of the network .
Normally , there is no mechanism to give either station equal access to it .
North American Digital Cellular ( also know as IS - 54 ) : This system works with AMPS and divides the 30 kHz bands into three time - division channels .
Not all ISPs choose to use the routing arbiter services .
Not all remote and mobile user requirements fit into the Web server paradigm , and that is where dial - up services like Microsoft RAS come into play .
Not all router - connected networks implement the organized hierarchical topology shown in B and C of Figure R - 7 .
Not all systems are tightly secured , nor do they need to be .
Not all the domains are shown , including those for other countries .
Not all transmissions are a steady flow of characters .
Not only does it direct packets to a designated internal system , it may also allow internal systems to open connections to Internet systems or disallow these connections .
Not only does it operate at much higher data rates , it also has superior flow control and additional loopback capability .
Not only does the server evaluate IP addresses , it also looks at the data in the packets for corruption and alteration .
Not only does the server evaluate IP addresses , it also looks at the data in the packets to stop hackers from hiding information in the packets .
Not only has the data rate increased , but the topology has changed extensively .
Not shown are the FIXs ( Federal Internet exchanges ) at the University of Maryland and NASA Ames Research Center ( Mountain View , California ) that provide the connection points for federal networks and some international traffic .
Not too many homes qualify for that service , but businesses in downtown areas might .
NOTE : This is only one example of a rotation method .
Note also that longdistance companies like AT &amp; T can compete in local areas and RBOCs can provide longdistance services , but the outcome of this ruling may take some time to see .
Note also that servers are attached directly to the backbone switch , where they can provide the best performance .
Note in Figure C - 6 that dedicated circuits are used to access a packet - switched network .
Note in Figure D - 5 that a bit transition always takes place in the middle of transmitting a single bit .
Note in Figure F - 26 that the frame includes header and trailer bytes along with the encapsulated data .
Note in Figure F - 5 that you can trace the route of the primary ring through each device .
Note in Figure I - 6 that cell 1 is placed on line 1 , cell 2 is placed on line 2 , and so on .
Note in Figure T - 6 that calls within the same CO do not need to be switched any further up the hierarchy than the local CO .
Note that a baud is a pulse signal in the carrier while bits per second is the rate of information transmitted on the line .
Note that a circuit of appropriate bandwidth is required between the customer site and the carrier 's access point into the switched network .
Note that a client-server relationship exists between the agent and the management system , but the term " agent " is often used for management systems to avoid confusion .
Note that a CSU / DSU ( channel service unit / data service unit ) connects the multiplexor to the T1 line .
Note that a description of cabling types can be found under the heading " Transmission Media , Methods , and Equipment . " .
Note that a FRAD is similar to a router but does not require routing protocols because it does not need to participate in the location of a routing path or make routing decisions about where packets should go .
Note that a leased line in most cases simulates a physical circuit .
Note that a single fiber cable has a very wide bandwidth ( 25,000 GHz ) , but only a very small portion of this bandwidth is used by a single channel .
Note that a switch operates in the data link layer relative to the OSI protocol .
Note that a three - character word can be deduced by following any branch of the tree .
Note that a virtual " air gap " exists in the firewall between the inside and outside networks and that proxies bridge this gap by working as agents for internal or external users .
Note that ADMIN is located in the root of the tree , which allows its authority to branch down to other containers and objects in the tree .
Note that administrators must manually configure the information on a BOOTP server .
Note that all the components in this configuration must be Category 5 - compliant .
Note that although this sounds like routing , the source - routing bridge is simply a forwarding device that knows the addresses of other bridges .
Note that Apple is no longer doing development work on its traditional AppleTalk protocol stack .
Note that applications are stored in the tree under the Applications directory and documents are stored in the tree under the Docs directory .
Note that applications go through LUs ( logical units ) to establish sessions , not directly to APPN .
Note that authentication can work both ways , but that it is not essential .
Note that bonding takes place when the call is set up .
Note that bursts can only occur if the network has unused bandwidth .
Note that cable is available as fire - safe plenum cable , nonplenum interior cable , underground - rated cable , and aerial - rated cable .
Note that cell switching is brought closer to the end user in this phase .
Note that CIF requires a replacement of existing Ethernet or token - ring hubs and switches for ATM switches that run CIF software .
Note that clients initially broadcast IP address requests on the network , which means that any DHCP server can receive the message .
Note that clustered systems are similar to MPP and NUMA systems , except that each node is a separate computer system that is interconnected via a high - speed network .
Note that current trends favor extending TCP / IP all the way up to the SNA devices .
Note that distance - vector routing is not suitable for large networks that have hundreds of routers or networks that are constantly updated .
Note that DLCIs are only significant locally  as a frame traverses the network , the DLCI changes for each data link taken through the network .
Note that extranet is not an official term .
Note that frame relay is like a leased line in that the service provider maintains the entire frame relay network except for the equipment you purchase to connect into it .
Note that frame relay may be a better choice in some areas , depending on availability .
Note that frames are used to transmit data across a particular data link .
Note that frames carry the DLCI number , which is a path number , rather than the address of the destination .
Note that H . 320 systems can work with H . 323 systems through gateways that provide ISDN links .
Note that header information is almost 10 percent of the cell , which adds up to extensive overhead on long transmissions .
Note that high - speed Ethernet such as Fast Ethernet and 100VG - AnyLAN can provide the same functionality as FDDI , but the distance limitations do not make them suitable for backbones that need to span large geographic areas .
Note that IIOP connects directly to TCP and can replace HTTP in most implementations .
Note that IIOP may upstage HTTP as a client / server protocol on the Web .
Note that in a purely digital transmission where signals are transmitted as discrete high and low voltages , it is more appropriate to talk about the frequency of the signal changes rather than bandwidth .
Note that infrared light is not regulated by the government and there are no restrictions on transmission rates .
Note that input port 4 is connected with output port 5 , and input port 7 is connected to output port 4 .
Note that Intel is now rating its chips according SPECint95 , an industry - standard workstation benchmark test developed by the Standard Performance Evaluation Corp . , or SPEC ( http : / / www . specbench . org ) .
Note that interface connections between two ATM switches in a backbone network are defined by NNI ( Network - to - Network Interface ) .
Note that IP ( Internet Protocol ) does not natively support QoS features , but the IETF ( Internet Engineering Task Force ) is developing the RSVP ( Resource Reservation Protocol ) to provide some semblance of QoS .
Note that it contains the same number of inputs and outputs on either side of a switching fabric .
Note that it is common for organizations to plan ahead for videoconferences and reserve a temporary high - speed link such as a switched T1 line for a specific time and date .
Note that it provides connections for analog , ISDN , leased T1 , and frame relay .
Note that LANs carrying IBM LLC2 ( Logical Link Control , Type 2 ) frames are connected to an IP network by way of the data link switch multiprotocol routers .
Note that LANs connected by routers are internetworks and use a higher - level addressing scheme such as IP ( Internet Protocol ) to identify each individually connected LAN and a host computer attached to that LAN .
Note that LISTSERV is always spelled in uppercase and is a trademark .
Note that LLC resides on the upper half of the data link layer .
Note that Majordomo runs on UNIX platforms and uses Sendmail , the UNIX mail agent .
Note that Manchester encoding is not the most efficient of the encoding schemes , but it is easy to implement and is used on many LANs today .
Note that many independent vendors have developed their own schemes due to lack of standards .
Note that many middleware products are also development environments that provide middleware interface components as well as tools for building Java and ActiveX components to work with the systems .
Note that many of these products are described at the Sun Microsystems 'site listed at the end of this topic or elsewhere in this book where mentioned .
Note that Microsoft 's PCT ( Private Communication Technology ) protocol was developed in response to weaknesses in SSL .
Note that mirrored servers provide reliable realtime backup for the current state of all files .
Note that MOSPF is designed for use within autonomous systems .
Note that most gateways operate at the application layer relative to the OSI protocol model , which is the topmost layer .
Note that multicasting techniques can also be applied to internal intranets and used by collaborative applications to support groups of users within an organization .
Note that multiple Web servers may exist in this model , with clients being shunted to whichever server can best handle their requests .
Note that NetWare 3.12 is NetWare without NDS .
Note that no routers exist on this network ( at least not yet in this discussion ) .
Note that noise on a transmission system will also limit the data rate .
Note that not all NT devices are the same .
Note that once the cable and T - connectors are configured into a segment , the T - connector can be removed from and reattached to a station without bringing down the network .
Note that OSI is a reference model , meaning that it defines a general description of services that should be provided at each layer , but it does not define any standard protocols .
Note that other remote client connections may use this same tunnel but are assigned a specific MID .
Note that other routes are used during heavy traffic or for prioritized traffic .
Note that other techniques exist for configuring workgroups , as discussed under " VLAN ( Virtual LAN ) . " .
Note that point - to - point connections are between two physical systems such as a host to router or router to router , while an end - to - end connection is between the end systems of a communication session .
Note that PPTP is an extension of PPP .
Note that PVCs are best when large amounts of traffic are anticipated between two locations on a regular basis .
Note that rights in Windows NT define what types of operations users can perform on servers , while permissions define access to objects such as files and resources .
Note that router switches still implement CPUs to run normal routing protocols such as RIP ( Routing Information Protocol ) and OSPF ( Open Shortest Path First ) .
Note that routers perform the fragmentation process on internetworks .
Note that RSVP also supports multicast transmissions , so multiple systems may receive data across the reserved path .
Note that Scope Communications has some interesting white papers detailing problems with ATM on Category 5 cable .
Note that small files may fit into the 2,048 - byte data area of the MFT file record , but if a file is large , an entry is made in the file record that points to areas on the disk where the cluster or clusters of the file are stored 
Note that some files are already compressed to begin with and don't benefit from any further external compression techniques .
Note that some newsgroup servers are restricted and require a login .
Note that some of these designs are not used much now that switching devices have taken the industry by storm .
Note that some of these specifications are flexible , depending on the vendor .
Note that some operating systems such as Windows NTFS ( NT File System ) clearly provide more security options at the directory level than other operating systems .
Note that some operating systems such as Windows NTFS ( NT File System ) clearly provide more security options at the directory level than other operating systems .
Note that starting with the Macintosh System 7 OS , macintosh users were able to share files on their own systems with other users .
Note that such speeds require a serial port that implements the 16650 serial interface chip .
Note that switches can support shared network hubs , as shown on the left in the Figure S - 14 .
Note that system A and system Z have an end - to - end link that crosses over several individual data links .
Note that T1 service is not suitable for home use for a number of reasons .
Note that telephony generally refers to a mix of services such as voice messaging , conferencing , and advanced call routing , not just voice telephone calls .
Note that the ATM Forum has defined as a way of delivering upper - level protocols over ATM networks nhu LANE ( LAN Emulation ) and MPOA ( Multiprotocol over ATM ) .
Note that the backbone must be fast because it moves frame / packets among all the network segments in the organization .
Note that the booting system does not have an IP address when it sends out a BOOTP message .
Note that the bottom physical layer is discussed first for clarity .
Note that the cable layouts ( physical topology ) in Figure E - 7 are quite different .
Note that the data bits for all users in the cell are simultaneously transmitted across the wide bandwidth of the system .
Note that the data link is a point - to - point link between two entities .
Note that the discrete signal is poorly represented , and this will result in distortion at the receiving end .
Note that the E1 circuits carry more channels that T1 circuits ( 24 channels ) , so repeaters are required every 6,000 feet when copper wire is used .
Note that the Ethernet specification recommends a maximum of 90 meters from wiring closet to faceplate .
Note that the first number in the name refers to the speed in Mbits / sec , and the last number refers to the meters per segment multiplied by 100 .
Note that the hop - by - hop path across the routers may be preferable if the transmission is short , but if the transmission is long or requires QoS , the cut - through route is used .
Note that the hub in the wiring closet connects to a coaxial or fiber - optic backbone that interconnects other departments within a building .
Note that the impedance value of a cable can be measured to detect breaks or faulty connections .
Note that the individual has the phone number , not a device .
Note that the industry has adopted the name Ethernet to refer to all forms of the shared CSMA / CD ( carrier sense multiple access / collision detection ) networking scheme .
Note that the information field is where data is placed , and it is variable in length .
Note that the local loop can benefit from line conditioning to improve modem throughput .
Note that the MAC address is not used during transit across the internetwork .
Note that the master time signal is obtained from public time servers .
Note that the maximum amount of data that a frame will hold is known as its MTU ( maximum transmission unit ) .
Note that the maximum length of the datagram including header and data cannot exceed 65,535 bytes .
Note that the MIS container has been expanded .
Note that the mobile node uses its home address as the source address of all IP datagrams that it sends , even when it is connected to a foreign network .
Note that the NDMP host runs the NDMP server ( virtual state machine ) .
Note that the ORB is often described as a " bus " that interconnects all objects .
Note that the original digital signal is shown at the top and the modulated results are shown below it .
Note that the original protocol was called TCP .
Note that the packet on the left is assigned the virtual circuit number 01 .
Note that the path between the source and destination is not a straight - through circuit .
Note that the periphery switches define two separate LECs , one for ELAN1 and one for ELAN2 .
Note that the physical layer media includes fiber - optic cable and is based on Fibre Channel , a proven high - speed network technology discussed elsewhere in this book .
Note that the physical layer might provide modem connections , network connections , or even connections to satellites .
Note that the physical server running the proxy services has two NICs ( network interface cards ) , one connected to the internal network and the other connected to the Internet .
Note that the returning frame can contain an acknowledgment that the destination did receive it .
Note that the reverse of this is also possible , where a negative voltage may represent a 1 , and a positive voltage may represent 0 .
Note that the router - connected network essentially allows any station to communicate with any other station .
Note that the shift occurs in relation to the preceding wave period .
Note that the source address of a frame is associated with a port .
Note that the standard is also called the EIA / TIA - 568 in some references .
Note that the steps involved in creating a signed message are often a little more involved .
Note that the switch now consists of many smaller matrix switches with several switches in the middle that interconnect the input and output switches .
Note that the switched network could very well be the Internet .
Note that the switching matrix is now commonly implemented as an integrated circuit .
Note that the Telecommunications Reform Act of 1996 makes it possible for IXCs to offer services in local LATA areas and for the LECs and RBOCs to offer long - distance services .
Note that the terminology used here is for the OSI protocol stack .
Note that the ticket also contains an encrypted form of the user ID .
Note that the tree has container objects that represent the company name ( CambrianCorp ) , its regional divisions ( Eastern and Western ) , and its regional offices . Under each regional office are the leaf objects that represent the users and physical network entities such as servers and printers .
Note that the underlying network is a flat switched network , and that VLANs are defined as overlays onto this network .
Note that there are three bus types : single - ended , differential , and LVD ( low - voltage differential ) .
Note that these companies are also involved in other forms of Internet money transactions , which you can learn about by visiting their Web sites .
Note that these issues are elaborated on in this topic , as well as elsewhere in the book .
Note that these texts refer to the firewall as the bastion host .
Note that they reside in the lower MAC sublayer of the data link layer .
Note that this is the minimal wire configuration and that the transmit and receive lines share the ground wire .
Note that this section is related to the section called " Transmission Media , Methods , and Equipment , " which discusses cabling in general and provides addition information on cable and equipment specified in the TIA / EIA - 568 - A standard .
Note that this technique doesn't require that the user send a password " over the wire " ( either encrypted or unencrypted ) to the server .
Note that traditional routers are devices that rely on a single CPU for routing functions .
Note that transparent bridges are often called learning bridges , and they use the spanning tree algorithm , which is the IEEE 802.1 standard .
Note that true push is something that IP Multicast does .
Note that two Ethernet networks are joined by a bridge .
Note that users log into accounts , not systems .
Note that virtual circuit is used loosely to mean a switched path across any network that employs switching technology .
Note that VLAN ( virtual LAN ) technology can create " virtual " broadcast domains .
Note that VPIs identify the equivalent of a port specific to the network , while channels within virtual paths are identified relative to that path .
Note that VTAM provides users with access to network resources and information , and NCP is the control program that runs in an IBM FEP ( frontend processor ) such as an IBM 3745 .
Note that Web pages may be either static or dynamic .
Note that while CTI has been very successful and is popular among desktop users , ivd is a technology with a hazy future .
Note that work area switches are switches located in wiring closets for connecting computers in the general vicinity .
Note that you can track the success and / or failure of an event .
Note the area of potential crosstalk between each channel .
Note the button on the right , which provides access to other information about the account such as login restrictions , password restrictions , and login scripts .
Note the dotted lines show typical connections between Web clients and servers .
Note the features listed here :
Note the first line indicates the MIME version number .
Note the top layer is a high - level , network - enabled application where users make requests for network services .
Note the two attached parts beginning with the text " - - boundary _ marker . " .
Note the voice telephone channel , the low - speed upstream channel , and the high - speed downstream channel .
Note the workstation attachment at the top in Figure G - 2 .
Note , however , that the terminal server does encapsulate data from terminals for transport over the network to the host system .
Note , however , that these protocols do not combine voice and data networking .
Notes : Keep in mind that routers and switching devices are now preferred over bridges in many situations because they provide more flexibility in network design and have dropped in price dramatically , making them a more practical purchase .
Notes is an organization - wide messaging system .
Notes provides full security to protect the privacy of information stored on servers in databases , documents , and messages .
Notice that data frame and voice traffic from the customer site are delivered to the carrier 's ATM switch .
Notice that this point - to - point connection can occur over a network that other users share , but the cable is unavailable until the communication session is complete .
Notification of attacks should be done with real - time messages , pagers , electronic mail , and other means .
Novell and Microsoft have developed special interface support standards that let one or more interface cards work with one or more network protocols .
Novell and other companies are supporting CMC as follows :
Novell began to see UNIX as a threat to its long - standing NetWare product and sold UNIX off to the Santa Cruz Operation in December of 1995 .
Novell Connect Services : A collection of Novell networking products designed to simplify WAN administration that includes NetWare 4.11 , NDS , ManageWise , NetWare Connect , and NetWare Multiprotocol Router .
Novell created TSAPI ( Telephony Services API ) and Microsoft created TAPI ( Telephony API ) for just this purpose .
Novell has adapted NDS for use on Windows NT and UNIX platforms .
Novell has been a major influence in the growth of the microcomputer industry .
Novell IntranetWare : An intranet platform product that has all the features of NetWare 4.11 .
Novell IntranetWare is Novell NetWare 4.11 with intranet enhancements and Internet capabilities .
Novell is now advocating NLSP for IPX networks because it is much more efficient at maintaining routes on the network .
Novell NAL ( NetWare Application Launcher ) is a software distribution utility included in NetWare Client , IntranetWare , or you can obtain it for free by accessing Novell 's Web site , at http : / / www . novel . com .
Novell NetWare 3.12 : Novell traditional NetWare operating system without NDS , SFT , and intranet features .
Novell NetWare 4.11 : A high - end network operating system that includes NDS ( Novell Directory Services ) and SFT ( System Fault Tolerance ) features that guard against downtime by integrating two physically separate servers .
Novell NetWare provides an example of the transition between the old distributed file server model and the distributed file system model .
Novell sees its Novell Directory Services as a foundation that can support this type of network .
Novell SFT Level III takes redundancy a step further by duplexing entire servers .
Novell stopped pushing its own LAN hardware and began providing support for products from many vendors .
Novell 's current strategy is to support corporate intranets and the creation of smart global networks .
Novell 's global network scheme allows people to connect with any information source at any time in a secure way .
Novell 's main product during the emerging years of the personal computer was a file - sharing device based on the Motorola 68000 processor .
Novell 's NDS and Microsoft 's DFS provide these features .
Novell 's standard is ODI ( Open Data link Interface ) , and Microsoft 's standard is NDIS ( Network Driver Interface Specification ) .
Novells System Fault Tolerance Level III provides server duplexing .
Novell 's vision of a smart network is one that helps users find information relevant to their needs , automatically installs new software , handles accounting and licensing , and provides many other services .
Now , both client and server have a session key they can use to encrypt and decrypt messages sent across the network , thus providing private communications .
Now Alice encrypts the digest with her private key to create a digital signature .
Now assume host A1 wants to send a packet to D3 .
Now companies like AT &amp; T can provide one - source solutions for wide area networks by providing customers with on - site equipment and long - distance services .
Now consider that every IP address is split in two .
Now consider the frame - relay solution .
Now imagine multiple VLANs that connect many groups of computers .
Now let 's examine just a few of the virus classifications outlined by organizations such as NCSA ( National Computer Security Association ) and CSI ( Computer Security Institute ) .
Now picture the same intersection in which semitrailer trucks are negotiating turns .
Now picture the same intersection where all the vehicles are sports cars .
Now suppose you want to hide a signed message in transit .
Now suppose you want to send a message to a friend , but your friend needs some assurance that the message indeed came from you .
Now the discussion moves up the protocol stack above the hardware level .
Now the inevitable question .
Now the next iteration for the same 64 - bit block is ready to start .
Now the remote client is authenticated by the corporate security server to ensure that this is a legitimate user .
Now the term " push " is associated with the Web and the techniques used by advertisers , information publishers , and news services to automatically provide subscribers with information .
Now the user has an end - to - end PPP link and the NAS may log call information for accounting purposes .
Now we get to the signaling and encoding schemes , some of which are described in the following list and pictured in Figure S - 5 for the bit sequence of 0100110001 .
Now , 80 percent of the traffic crosses the internetwork .
Now , all the stations attached to a single port contend for only the network to which they are attached .
Now , everybody is searching for ways to get more bandwidth to improve access to the Web .
Now , fewer users are contending for the shared media in each segment , but they can still communicate across the bridge or router .
Now , the basic problem : How does Bob get the key to Alice so she can decrypt the message ? .
Now , traffic flowing from one network to another crosses a router to the backbone .
Now , with the advent of the Internet and increased interest in digital audio and video services , nearly every household can clearly benefit from enhanced data throughput .
NRZI ( non return - to - zero , invert on ones ) : In this scheme , a 1 bit is represented by a transition in voltage .
NSF also realized that it could not fund NSFNET forever .
NSF defined the structure of the current Internet , and commercial providers used that architectural design to build the Internet .
NSF is responsible for NSFNET , a communication network that is for the most part the Internet but not completely .
NSF uses the network service to link five supercomputer centers with teams of researchers in the United States .
NSFNET formed a core that other regional networks could connect into .
NSFNET funded the vBNS ( Very high speed Backbone Network Service ) , which uses the same technologies as the Internet but is designed to carry government , research , and educational traffic only .
NSFNET is a " network of networks " that ties together local , regional , and midlevel networks with a high - speed backbone .
NSI ( Network Solutions , Inc . ) : Network integrator that manages Registration Services .
NSI has had numerous requests to increase the number of top - level domains .
NSM controls all the NetworkStation 's applications , including access to multiple servers on the network for transaction - based applications , access to Windows applications , and also cross - platform connections to the Internet and corporate intranets .
NSM is designed to run on LAN servers , midrange systems , and mainframes .
NSM is free and can be downloaded by accessing http : / / www . ibm . com / nc .
NSP ( network service provider ) NSPs are required to connect to three of the NAPs and provide connections for regional networks that support research and education .
NT devices have a unique design that allows up to eight devices to connect with and be addressed by the NT device .
NTFS ( New Technology File System ) : NTFS is the file system for Windows NT .
NTFS ( NT File System ) is the file system for Microsoft 's Windows NT Workstation and Windows NT Server operating systems .
NTFS is designed for quick file operations on very large hard drives .
NTFS provides a way to control access to files and directories with permissions , but those permissions do no good if the operating system is not available to control access .
NTFS provides more security than file systems such as the FAT ( file allocation table ) system used in DOS and other versions of Windows .
NTP is an Internet protocol that devices can use to obtain the most accurate time possible via radio or atomic clocks at various locations on the Internet .
Null compression : Replaces a series of blank spaces with a compression code , followed by a value that represents the number of spaces .
NUMA ( Non - Uniform Memory Access ) is an architecture for building scalable systems that goes beyond clustered systems and MPPs .
NUMA defines software and hardware that makes the separate memory spaces of each node appear to be a single virtual memory space which makes application development easier .
NUMA is a parallel processing computer architecture that goes beyond SMP ( symmetric multiprocessing ) and MPP ( massively parallel processing ) in its ability to harness the power of multiprocessor systems .
NUMA provides the programming ease of SMP systems and the scalability of MPP systems .
Number of routers the packet must go through to get to its destination .
Numerous white papers on voice over frame relay can be found at the MICOM Web site .
OBI is a protocol designed by American Express and SupplyWorks for executing real - time business transactions on the Web .
OBI is a protocol designed by American Express and SupplyWorks , Inc . for executing real - time business transactions on the Web .
OBI will achieve some of the same results as EDI ( Electronic Data Interchange ) , an old and established business - to - business protocol .
OBI will achieve some of the same results as EDI .
OBI will achieve some of the same results as EDI .
Object - oriented DBMSs ( as discussed next ) can store many different data types , including images , audio , and video , but many organizations are not ready to move away from their RDBMS investment .
Object - oriented systems provide a unique solution for storing data and creating applications in enterprise environments .
Object - oriented technology brings software development past procedural programming , into a world of reusable programming that simplifies development of applications .
Object request brokers such as those defined with the CORBA ( Common Object Request Broker Architecture ) help keep objects coordinated across the network .
Object Services : Supplements the ORB by providing services to any objects , such as security services and transaction - processing services .
Object services include a management request broker that provides communication among components , an object server that maintains objects for short - term tasks , an event notification system , and a management data repository for storing data contained in managed objects on disk .
Objects are abstractions of real - world entities such as people in a customer database , invoices in an accounting system , or printers and servers in a network directory services database .
Objects are assigned names and a location in the hierarchical structure that helps identify what the object does .
Objects are categorized into hierarchical classes that define different types of objects .
Objects are combined to create complete programs .
Objects are part of a larger set of objects called the MIB ( management information base ) .
Objects are server entities , such as users , groups , and the server name .
Objects are typically small pieces of program code that perform some very specific task .
Objects can be pictures , sounds , videos , Java applets , and ActiveX controls .
Objects created with IDL have a specific behavior that can be exploited by other CORBA - compatible objects , no matter how the object was created .
Objects have attributes , called properties , such as passwords , account restrictions , account balances , group membership , and so on .
Objects in this case is a misleading term because it implies that an object is a physical entity .
Objects include directories and an assortment of file types , including text files , graphics , video , and audio .
Objects include fields that define how the information is stored and how the information may be accessed ( i . e . , read - only or read or write ) .
Objects interact with one another by exchanging messages .
Objects may be linked or embedded in compound documents :
Objects talk to each other by sending messages or by establishing connection - oriented links .
Objects that represent network resources such as servers and printers can hold vital information about the objects , such as purchase dates , serial numbers , location , service requirements , and other information .
Objects within objectoriented filing systems , databases , and programming languages have attributes called properties .
Objects written to conform with IDL are essentially portable .
Obstructions in the office environment must be considered , but mirrors can be used to bend infrared light if necessary .
Obviously , the phone companies have not been anxious to upgrade their switching equipment to obtain more bandwidth , at least not until the Internet came along .
Obviously , a malicious person who obtains a password for an account can access a computer system , with all the rights and privileges of that account .
Obviously , any firewall needs to provide some way of allowing legitimate users and blocking unauthorized users .
Obviously , anyone who obtains a password for an account can access a computer system with all the rights and privileges of that account .
Obviously , as transactions are distributed to multiple databases , safety mechanisms must be used to ensure data integrity .
Obviously , each layer does not have a physical wire running between it and its peer layer in the opposite system .
Obviously , some secure and verifiable method is needed to distribute public keys , and this is where certificate authorities come into the picture .
Obviously , there are many details not covered here , especially those related to requesting a particular QoS ( quality of service ) .
Obviously , this depends on the number of servers , disk arrays , backup power supplies , and quality of equipment .
Obviously , this security is lax since the passwords may be freely distributed by anyone that gets a copy .
OCs are the digital hierarchies of the SONET standard , which defines how digital signals are multiplexed on fiber - optic cable .
Octel 's Unified Messenger lets users retrieve both voice and e - mail messages from a unified mailbox that is accessible from either a telephone or personal computer .
ODBC ( Open Database Connectivity ) provides a common middleware interface between clients and most back - end systems .
ODBC ( Open Database Connectivity ) , originally designed by Microsoft , is now the de facto standard middleware product in the industry .
ODBC applications have universal access to any database that has an ODBC driver written for it .
ODBC applications only communicate with the driver manager and not directly with drivers .
ODBC has the following features :
ODBC is a database connectivity architecture that provides a way for clients to access a variety of heterogeneous databases .
ODBC is a middleware interface that allows most clients to connect with most back - end databases .
ODBC makes it easy to create database client and server applications that are interoperable .
ODBC only requires that SQL be used to access the database .
ODBC provides a common interface to provide connectivity among heterogeneous databases .
ODBC uses a single programming interface that is open and not tied to any vendor 's database .
ODI consists of the components discussed below .
ODI may be implemented on servers or workstations .
ODI standardizes the development of network interface card drivers so that vendors don't need to write separate drivers to work with each of the different network protocols .
Of all the layers , it could be said that that the transport layer is the most important because it provides network applications with reliable data delivery services .
Of course , if data is moving directly from disk to a server switch , the server switch must package the data into the frames or cells used by the attached networks .
Of course , a firewall installation must consist of several devices , including the packet - filtering routers , discussed previously .
Of course , a single FRAD can be programmed to support multiple DLCIs , each of which provides a link to any location in the frame - relay network .
Of course , after setting up trusts , the next step is to grant specific users and groups in one domain access to resources in another domain .
Of course , bob will wonder about the authenticity of the message and want to make sure that Alice doesn't disavow having sent it if the horse loses .
Of course , building HTML documents can get quite complex .
Of course , each system must be hardened against attacks .
Of course , isdn connections can also be made between workstations on the same network .
Of course , java has its downside .
Of course , not all information exchanges constitute a flow of packets that is substantial enough to set up a flow session .
Of course , obstacles such as buildings and mountains must not stand between towers .
Of course , other domains can be created , but they can have their own administrators .
Of course , setting up VCs is relatively timeconsuming , so many switches are rated according to their call setup time .
Of course , some multimedia information is not required in real time .
Of course , the less efficient model described above is analogous to traditional SNMP data collection while the more efficient method is related to RMON .
Of course , there are many other encoding schemes , and you should refer to a suitable book on data communication concepts for more information .
Of course , these rights or permissions differ with each operating system .
Of course , these systems assume that the person logging in has an account on the local network .
Of course , this means that other types of traffic might be delayed , but if that traffic is e - mail and other nonpriority traffic , then delays are probably not a problem .
Of course , this scheme breaks down under a number of circumstances :
Of course , you can create your own " special access permissions " at any time to fit a custom need .
Of interest to readers of this book is the OSI reference model , which the ISO maintains .
Of the available channels , some are used by the base station to manage the system ( control channels ) while others are used to send ring signals to mobile users .
Off - site management of network components at remote locations .
Officially , firewire is IEEE P1394 .
Offline : Data is stored on tape for archival purposes .
Often - accessed files can be stored in multiple locations and the system will automatically distributed requests across the drives to balance traffic during peak usage periods .
Often called Layer 2 protocols , data link protocols exist in the protocol layer just above the physical layer relative to the OSI protocol model .
Often it is only necessary to see people pointing out parts of a picture or object .
Often the wire was quite long .
Often these routers are used for perimeter defense , providing the first wall that attackers must scale in order to reach the bastion host .
Often , a dictionary of common passwords ( freely available on the Internet ) is used .
Often , the client is only interested in authenticating the server before transmitting confidential information .
Often , the location of these servers may not be known .
Often , you don't know a Trojan horse program is running .
OLAP defines a class of software that analyzes data ( usually historical data ) to find patterns and trends .
OLAP is sometimes referred to as data mining .
Older detail data is historical or legacy data .
Older routers rely on a single shared CPU to inspect and forward packets .
Older routers rely on a single shared CPU to inspect and forward packets .
OLE ( Object Linking and Embedding ) is a set of Microsoft - defined , object - based services that are based on COM .
OLE allows components , created by different vendors , to be combined together to form a single application .
OLE DB defines interfaces for accessing and manipulating all types of data .
OLE DB is a freely published specification designed with industrywide participation .
OLE DB is a freely published specification designed with industrywide participatipn .
OLE DB is a set of Microsoft data access interfaces that provides universal data integration over an enterprise 's network regardless of the data type .
OLE DB is a set of Microsoft data access interfaces that provides universal data integration over an enterprise 's network regardless of the data type .
OLE DB is a set of Microsoft data access interfaces that provides universal data integration over an enterprise 's network regardless of the data type .
OLE DB provides data access to and manipulation of both SQL ( Structured Query Language ) and non - SQL data sources .
OLE enables interoperability among objects within the same computer that are written by different companies in any different programming language .
OLE is a Microsoft Windows feature that provides a way to integrate objects from diverse applications .
OM - Axcess An access management and reporting solution for centrally managing and authenticating end users .
OM - SecureLink : Works with OM - Transact and OM - Axcess applications to provide a way to turn existing Web content into a commerce - enabled site .
OM - Transact : A commerce application that enables companies to offer secure payment , complete order management , and online customer service .
OMA is an architecture developed by the OMG ( Object Management Group ) that provides an industry standard for developing object - oriented applications to run on distributed networks .
OMG ( Object Management Group ) : An organization that is providing standards for implementing cross - platform , object - oriented environments .
OMG describes its mission as developing " The Architecture for a Connected World . " .
OMG is an organization that represents over 700 software vendors , software developers , and end users .
On - site servers In this scheme , the servers are set up at your site .
On a broadcast network , multiple computers and devices are attached to a shared network cable or other medium .
On a broadcast network , multiple computers and devices are attached to a shared network cable or other medium .
On a global scale , several organizations recommend telecommunication standards and develop policies that encourage cooperation .
On a large meshed network consisting of many possible paths , routers can do the same thing for packets , helping them to avoid downed or congested links .
On a large network , the creation of a single - point ground is usually impossible to achieve .
On a multiplexed data communication channel that normally merges and transfers data from several sources , burst mode provides a way to dedicate the entire channel for the transmission of data from one source .
On a point to point link , there is no contention for the cable because it connects only the sender and receiver , not a number of shared devices .
On a private network , they might get it in a shared directory on a key management server that holds keys for everyone in the organization .
On a shared - media LAN in which many computers connect to the same cabling system , two computers establish a logical link to communicate .
On a shared Ethernet LAN , if two stations try to transmit at the same time , collisions occur , and this results in delays .
On a shared LAN , packets addressed to devices on the same LAN are sent using data link protocols , but if a packet is addressed to a device on another LAN , network protocols are used .
On a simple hub , the bus is a simple repeater .
On a sophisticated switching device , the bus typically implements highspeed TDM ( time division multiplexing ) to shuttle information among ports .
On a stand - alone computer , the procedures are running in the same memory space , and the procedure call is relatively easy .
On a trunk that consists of five segments , stations are allowed on only three of the segments .
On ATM networks , cells can be allocated to a specific transmission , such as a videoconference , in advance . Think of the traffic moving across a connection as a train with many boxcars .
On busy networks , call setup time can play an important factor in overall performance .
On dial - up lines and WANs , as well as on the Internet , time - out problems can occur if a message can't be completely delivered within a certain period of time .
On either side of this middle system are the end users and the back - end data stores .
On Ethernet networks , workstations on either end of a long cable may not even detect that they are transmitting at the same time , thus causing a collision that results in corrupted data .
On Ethernet networks , " collisions " occur when two or more workstations attempt to access the network at the same time .
On fixed - rate leased lines , packets are dropped when traffic exceeds the available rate .
On hearing back from every database system , the transaction monitor sends a " commit " command .
On in - house networks or non - Internet business - to - business networks , these are processes normally handled by transaction monitors , but getting such monitors to work over the Internet is a problem .
On internal networks , policy servers can be installed that hold information about which users can reserve bandwidth and what priority they have on the network .
On LANs , h.323 allows managers tighter control over how videoconferencing uses network resources .
On large ATM networks , it does not make sense to exchange information about the entire network with every node .
On large interconnected networks , multiple bridge paths that can form a closed loop may be created inadvertently and cause packets to circle endlessly , reducing performance or crippling the network .
On large networks , the table update process can take so long that tables in the farthest routers may fall out of synchronization with other tables .
On large networks , the transmission time between one end of the cable and another is enough that one station may access the cable even though another already has just accessed it .
On network cables , attenuation is the degradation of the digital signal or a loss of amplitude of an electric signal .
On networks , we can reserve some bandwidth and only make it available to qualified users such as managers , special applications such as videoconferencing , or special protocols such as SNA ( Systems Network Architecture ) , which must be delivered within a specific time period to prevent time - outs .
On packet networks such as IP , the obvious method is to alternate packets among each of the combined data channels .
On private networks , bandwidth reservation is a matter of setting aside bandwidth for specific data transmissions such as a videoconference .
On public networks , bandwidth reservation carries an extra charge .
On shared networks , two stations cannot transmit on the cable at the same time , otherwise , information will be corrupted .
On some networks , the frame size is large enough that some transmissions can be sent in a single frame .
On switched networks , subnetworks are defined by creating VLANs ( virtual LANs ) .
On TCP / IP networks , the ARP protocol is used to match up an IP address with a MAC address .
On the hardware side , configuration management provides a way to configure systems once new hardware is installed and to report this information to dependent systems .
On the Internet , there are thousands of different newsgroups related to computers , social issues , science , the humanities , recreation , and other topics .
On the Internet and the intranet , java and ActiveX provide these component functions .
On the Internet and the World Wide Web , hypermedia is used by Web servers to dish up text information , graphics , video , and sounds to users who visit the site using a Web browser .
On the Internet , CAs ( certificate authorities ) , like VeriSign , Commerce Net , and even the U . S .
On the Internet , groups can include host systems located on different subnetworks almost anywhere .
On the Internet , igp is used inside regions and EGP ties the regions together .
On the Internet , networks are connected to routers that are organized hierarchically as shown in Figure D - 27 .
On the Internet , priorities and bandwidth are provided on a pay - for - use basis .
On the Internet , resource reservation will be subject to billing by ISPs .
On the left , an ATM switch is installed as a backbone , possibly to replace an existing FDDI ( Fiber Distributed Data Interface ) or Fast Ethernet backbone .
On the left , a relatively small LAN is built by running cable in a daisy - chain fashion from one department to the next .
On the left , traditional computing platforms require that applications be written to specifically work on those platforms .
On the other hand , atm cells are 53 bytes long , and 10 percent is used for header information .
On the other hand , atm was designed from the ground up for speed and for quality of service , as described earlier .
On the other hand , performing all these tasks in the data link layer can reduce performance , so many networks only rely on the data link layer for fast data transmission .
On the right in Figure C - 9 , vast amounts of data for the enterprise are stored in a data " warehouse " .
On the right , java applications run on any computing platform for which a Java Virtual Machine is available .
On the right , several LANs are interconnected at a centrally located hub device that handles the delivery of all inter - LAN traffic .
On the server side , apple is also upgrading its longstanding AppleShare server software to a newInternetenabled product called FutureShare , as discussed under " AppleShare . " .
On the World Wide Web , active documents refer to Web pages that are dynamically updated .
On these networks , traffic rarely stays within a local area but travels all over the internetwork .
On top of this structure , individual departments or groups can create their own objects to add the enhancements they need .
On top of this , many organizations want to integrate their voice telephone system into the network which will demand even more bandwidth .
On WANs or Internet connections , bandwidth reservations must be established by contacting the service provider and reserving bandwidth in advance .
On workstations , interrupts can be monitored to detect and stop system calls that may indicate virus activity .
ONC can be used to build an environment for heterogeneous distributed computing .
ONC is a family of distributed services for Sun Microsystems 'solaris computing environment .
ONC provides the building blocks for programmers to develop and implement distributed applications and the tools for administrators to manage client / server networks .
Once a busy host is identified , the manager can focus on analyzing the traffic of that host to see if it is transmitting and retransmitting abnormal packets .
Once a channel is opened , information is sent or received , and the circuit is then dismantled .
Once a communication session is complete , the virtual circuit is disabled .
Once a connection is made , a network control protocol is used to negotiate the type of protocol configuration , and the two PPP hosts can begin exchanging datagrams .
Once a routed path is established between two end devices , a switched virtual circuit is set directly in the ATM switching fabric to provide a direct connection between those devices .
Once a server system is accessed , its directories appear to the client as if they are local drives .
Once a session is established , a two - way conversation takes place in which the following types of SMB messages are exchanged :
Once a system receives a message , it can return an acknowledgment at the request of the sender .
Once a transaction is verified to be accurate on all affected systems , it is committed and from then on cannot be rolled back .
Once a user is verified or authenticated ( see " Authentication and Authorization " ) , the user can access the network based on the rights they have been granted throughout the network .
Once a VM is available , any Java applet will run inside the VM .
Once a workstation becomes a member of a VLAN , all broadcasts for that VLAN go to each member workstation , no matter where they are located on the network .
Once accessed , the directories appear to the client as if they are local drives .
Once again , data transfer rates are the most important consideration , but equipment costs and the eventual savings over dial - up lines or private cabling are another important consideration .
Once again , bonding takes place when the call is set up .
Once again , this is usually not a problem since most Internet activity involves downstream data .
Once again , this tends to be inefficient and has no privacy .
Once Alice has produced a message digest , she is ready to package and send it to Bob .
Once an appropriate circuit is identified , packets can be delivered in the layer 2 circuit , bypassing the need to go through routers .
Once authenticated , remote users can browse corporate Web pages and query the company database .
Once Bob receives the message , the digital message software on his computer uses Alice 's public key ( which he may pull out of Alice 's digital certificate ) to decrypt the message , revealing the message digest .
Once computers are named , netbios can establish logical links or sessions between computers and then use those links to reliably exchange data between systems .
Once connected together , the hubs usually operate as a single hub and a single LAN .
Once connected , users have a continuous connection to the Internet through the cable company 's broadband network .
Once correct synchronization has been established between sender and receiver , the receiver places the block it receives as characters in a memory buffer .
Once data has been written to disk , performance gains are possible because data requests can be fulfilled from either disk in the mirrored set .
Once data is distributed , transaction processing , fragmentation , and replication techniques are put in place to ensure the reliability , availability , and protection of data , as described in the following paragraphs .
Once depleted , the user can't log in to the system until given more credit .
Once frames enter the frame relay network , they follow a virtual circuit to the appropriate destination .
Once groupware applications are in place and users begin to take advantage of them , traditional methods of communicating fall by the wayside .
Once individuals are logged in , they are authorized to access various resources based on the rights and privileges assigned to their user accounts or the objects they access .
Once installed , agents settle into the task of collecting information about their host devices and reporting it back to the manager .
Once keys have been exchanged , clients and servers can engage in secure sessions and transactions .
Once known , a host can send datagrams that do not exceed the smallest MTU along the path and thus avoid fragmentation altogether .
Once legacy LAN clients are connected to this ATM backbone , they still need a way to specify ATM 's QoS .
Once logged on , you can use a Web browser to access the Web .
Once set up , the lines operate like dial - out lines .
Once started , daemons usually run on their own without any further need of input from an operator .
Once that is done , reserving bandwidth for special needs becomes more practical .
Once the auditor is given control of the account , he or she can change the password to ensure that the administrator can no longer access it .
Once the circuit is in place , the client thinks that it is directly accessing the Internet .
Once the circuit is set up , the customer can transmit using a variety of bit rates and framing methods to move data between end systems .
Once the circuits reach the frame - relay network , they branch off into their respective paths .
Once the data source processes the call , it returns the results to the ODBC driver and the ODBC driver forwards the results to the driver manager .
Once the FRADs on either end of the connection are set up and programmed with the DLCI , they can communicate immediately .
Once the ISPs analog loop is eliminated , there are fewer conversions and less noise , allowing higher transmission speeds .
Once the keys are created , you package the public key with required information about yourself or your company and send it to the CA .
Once the management system knows where hardware is located , it can automatically update drivers and driver updates .
Once the message digest is created , it can be encrypted together with the original message by using the recipient 's public key .
Once the path is determined , an SVC ( switched virtual circuit ) is set up through the network .
Once the receiving system receives these start frames , it begins reading eight bits at a time from the bit stream until an error check and an ending flag appear .
Once the replacement drive is installed , the system starts rebuilding the data on the replaced drive using the parity information on the parity drive .
Once the response is decrypted , the client has a copy of the TGT .
Once the root bridge is selected , other bridges determine which of their ports provides access to the root bridge at the least cost .
Once the route is established and security is checked , packets are switched using the layer 2 switching fabric .
Once the routers are set up and the link is established into the Internet , all data traffic across the link is encrypted to hide it from anyone that might manage to tap the line .
Once the session is established , file transfer can take place .
Once the session is negotiated , network layer packets are encapsulated ( or fragmented , then encapsulated ) into data link layer frames and a multilink header is attached to the frames .
Once the session is reestablished , data transmission continues from where it was interrupted .
Once the transmission is complete , the port connection is disabled .
Once the tunnel is set up , remote clients access the corporate network as if they had dialed directly into that network .
Once the tunnel is set up , the ISP is basically out of the picture and the user communicates to the corporate network over what appears to be a direct dial - up connection .
Once these initial settings are made , the file is compressed using either lossless or lossy compression techniques .
Once these options are set , the client " leases " an IP address from the DHCP server every time it boots .
Once transmission starts , the physical network sends raw bits through the hose to the receiver .
Once users are authenticated , they can access resources based on authorizations .
Once VLANs are created , routers are required to forward packets among them , as shown on the left in Figure V - 4 .
Once VLANs or ELANs are created , routing is required to forward packets from one LAN to the next .
Once you 've distributed data , adequate security procedures such as authentication , authorization , and encryption must be used .
Once you connect with the server , the news reader will download a list of groups available on the news server and you can choose which one you want to subscribe to .
One - way functions are also used to store passwords .
One additional feature is encryption .
One advantage of dialing on demand with ISDN is that calls are usually charged on a percall basis .
One alternative to a long - distance leased line is a satellite link , although the costs and data rates must be compared .
One aspect of building a switched network that spans the entire enterprise is that it creates a single flat network topology .
One aspect of groupware is called workflow , which combines electronic messaging with document management and imaging .
One aspect of the mechanism helps the sender detect possible congestion and throttle back its transmissions .
One automated method is to have senders enter special codes after phone numbers to direct faxes to specific recipients , but this puts too much reliance on the sender .
One big problem with reserving bandwidth is that it reduces the bandwidth available to other users and applications .
One bus generates upstream cells and the other bus generates downstream cells .
One bus handles system - specific traffic , such as keyboard data , while the other two buses handle network traffic at high speeds .
One channel : carried on a physical wire or wireless medium between two systems ( also referred to as a circuit ) .
One channel may be overtaxed while another is underused .
One company that is developing extranet technologies is CrossRoute Software , at http : / / www . crossroute . com .
One component defined in the DMI is the MIFF ( management information format file ) .
One consideration in any replication scheme is whether users are allowed to change data that has been replicated to remote locations .
One copy of the table stored elsewhere on the disk provides a backup in case the other is corrupted .
One drawback is that some of the frequencies are already allocated to other services , which must apparently move out to make room for PCS .
One error control method is to detect errors and then request a retransmission .
One example is upgrading Web browsers .
One form of RAID ( level 3 , as discussed in the following list ) provides redundancy that protects against the failure of one disk in the array .
One group wanted to keep the CSMA / CD medium access method and retain some compatibility with existing Ethernet standards .
One hertz is one cycle per second .
One interesting aspect of packet - switched networks is the ability to emulate circuits within the network .
One interesting feature is that tracks can overlap because data can be written into each track at different angles .
One is available from the University of Michigan and the other is available from Critical Angle .
One is held privately and one is made available publicly .
One is making sure users do not attempt to greedily reserve bandwidth for their own use .
One is speed and the other is the possibility of taking advantage of ATM 's QoS ( Quality of Service ) features .
One is that it causes cross talk among cable pairs in the 50 - pair cable that the telephone company runs into residential areas .
One is the ability to handle surges in data traffic .
One is the frequency allowed on the channel .
One is the UNI ( User Network Interface ) , which is used in cells sent by users , and the other is the NNI ( Networkto Network Interface ) , which is sent by switches to other switches .
One issue , then , is how a router on one side of an ATM network addresses a router on the other side of an ATM network .
One key is kept private and the other is put in a public place , much like the phone book is a public list of people 's phone numbers .
One key is used to encrypt data as it leaves one router and decrypt it as it arrives at the destination .
One key , called the public key , is made freely available .
One last thing worth discussing is how applications can take advantage of prioritization and QoS if it is available .
One message thread may spawn another message thread .
One method for transmitting signals is called spread spectrum .
One method is called the brute force attack .
One method is for electronic cash companies to sell " Web dollars " that purchasers can use when they visit Web sites .
One method is for the user to carry a token , a small device like a credit card that displays unique values that are time - synchronized with a security server at the site the user is trying to log on to .
One method is send it via another secure channel or even via overnight express , but this may be risky in cases where you suspect someone is actively trying to obtain the key .
One method is to allocate a limited amount of time . Another method is to have a central control unit allocate time based on the priority requirements of each transmission , as in the 100VGAnyLAN demand priority access method .
One method is to ask directions at each intersection , where someone points you to the next intersection where you again get directions .
One method is to create multiple queues in routers and rank those queues from low to high priority .
One method is to print the faxes directly at the fax server , then have someone distribute the faxes to recipients .
One method of doing this is to set up a clocking mechanism that the sender and receiver can synchronize with .
One method of embedding timing information is called bipolar encoding , as pictured in Figure S - 18 .
One model has the client constantly checking with the server to see if information has changed , but this adds a great deal of overhead .
One need not worry about interactions among different sets of filter rules , nor about holes in thousands of hosts offering nominally secure services to the outside .
One object will act as a server and another object will act as a client .
One objective is to support all the network layer protocols ( IPv4 , IPv6 , IPX , SNA , NetBIOS , AppleTalk , etc . ) .
One objective of these tools is to help Web servers access information on back - end databases and build dynamic Web pages based on information requested by users .
One obvious solution is to add more lanes , which is equivalent to improving the bandwidth of a network by upgrading to ATM or Gigabit Ethernet .
One of its main attractions is its compatibility with legacy Ethernet networks , allowing it to avoid some of the overlay schemes required to connect legacy LANs with ATM backbones .
One of the advantages of embedding objects is that all the elements are stored in one file .
One of the advantages of this technology is that the document signals the source when it needs to have its objects updated .
One of the advantages of Web - based groupware is that the Web is basically blind to the computer platform being used by end users .
One of the best sources of information on cryptography is RSA Security System ( now part of Security Dynamics ) cryptography FAQ .
One of the defining features of NAP - and MAE - connected routers is that they keep track of other networks that are connected to the NAPs and MAEs so that packets can be routed anywhere on the Internet .
One of the drawbacks of I - PNNI is that edge devices that perform routing calculations are more expensive .
One of the fibers is used for signal transmission while the other is used to receive and detect collisions .
One of the first things that happens when exploring IP over ATM is confusion over the terminology , standards , and protocols .
One of the following programming interfaces is usually implemented :
One of the important features of VCs is that they provide a certain guaranteed data rate and path through a network that is useful for delivering real - time information such as videoconferencing and voice calls .
One of the interesting things about this process is that the algorithm is well known , so anyone who is trying to break your DES - encrypted ciphertext will have the algorithm to work with .
One of the issues with internetworks is how a packet is forwarded from one subnetwork to another .
One of the key elements of SOCKS is the ability to " fool " the internal client and the external server into believing that they are talking directly to one another .
One of the main features of OLE is that it allows any OLE - compatible application to display information created in other applications .
One of the main reasons IBM introduced APPN was to provide client / server computing services to users who might have moved to TCP / IP or other services .
One of the most important aspects of TCP / IP 's development was the program of testing and certifying carried out by the government to ensure that developers met published TCP / IP standards , which were ( and still are ) available to the public free of licensing arrangements .
One of the most important features of an internetwork protocol such as IP ( Internet Protocol ) is an addressing scheme that identifies any subnetwork on the internetwork .
One of the most important features of NLSP as compared to RIP is that it knows more about the entire internetwork , not just neighboring routers .
One of the most obvious uses of a directory service is to create and manage user accounts .
One of the most well - known encryption algorithms is the U . S . government - endorsed DES ( Data Encryption Standard ) .
One of the objectives at this point was to gain knowledge about how the protocol would interface with existing operating systems .
One of the original proxy servers was developed by CERN and is described at the CERN address given below .
One of the ports can be used to attach to other hubs .
One of the primary goals of Merchant Services is to let merchants quickly create their own online store operation and focus on merchandising rather than concentrating on developing their own in - house solution .
One of the primary reasons for bypassing HTTP is that it does not provide state management .
One of the primary users to track with the auditing system is the network administrator , who basically has unlimited rights to the system .
One of the problems with network management is that most enterprise networks consist of a wide variety of computer platforms , network topologies , communication protocols , operating systems , and applications .
One of the problems with proxies is that they must evaluate a lot of information in a lot of packets .
One of the problems with the explosion of the Internet is that IP ( Internet Protocol ) addresses are becoming scarce .
One of the problems with these techniques is knowing when to route and when to switch the traffic at layer 2 .
One of the problems with using RPCs in a heterogeneous environment is that different machines represent data differently .
One of the reasons for moving to ATM is to provide traffic prioritization and other QoS features throughout the enterprise .
One of the reasons for this is that CDMA systems trade off voice quality for capacity .
One of the reasons why LANs are considered " local " is because there are practical limitations to the distance of a shared medium and the number of workstations you can connect to it .
One of the unifying concepts of the Internet is that all the documents stored on Web servers are created with the same document - formatting structure ( at least in theory ) .
One of these is to establish transmission delay parameters .
One of those standards is IEEE 802.1D , which defines LAN - level bridging and switching standards .
One other feature of hash functions is that they produce message digests that are difficult to reverse .
One other thing : type binary before downloading graphics files or executables , type ascii before downloading text files .
One part of the address designates the network and the other part designates a host on that network .
One potential problem with APPN is that the selected path remains fixed for the duration of the session .
One problem with high - orbit geosynchronous satellites is that a typical back - and - forth transmission has a delay of about a half second , which causes problems in time - critical computer data transmissions , as discussed in a moment .
One reason for segmenting networks and then joining them again with routers is that it creates smaller broadcast domains with fewer workstations contending for access .
One reason is that router - based networks have grown at the department level , while SNA networks were built to support organization - wide , mission - critical applications such as transaction processing and business - related applications .
One reason is that traditional LANs are connectionless networks and ATM is connection oriented .
One reason that advanced products are necessary for high - volume use is that they offload processing from the computer CPU ( central processing unit ) , handling functions such as fax conversion and compression .
One solution is RSVP ( Resource Reservation Protocol ) , which can signal special handling all the way through the network from one end to the other .
One solution is to add more bandwidth ( often called over - provisioning ) .
One solution is to connect the entire network to one central power source and ground as shown in Figure P - 7 .
One solution is to divide the network up into smaller segments so there are fewer workstations vying for access .
One solution is to increase the buffering , but this becomes a trade - off between the amount of delay caused by buffering and the amount of delay caused by resending dropped packets .
One solution is to install new super - routers that process millions of packets per second .
One solution is to reduce the number of workstations on each LAN segment by using segmentation techniques , as discussed later in this topic under " Hubs , Switches , and Segmentation . " .
One solution was to develop client / server computing and middleware strategies that could hide the difference between systems .
One standard , originally developed by Grand Junction Networks , 3Com , Intel , and other vendors became IEEE 802.3 Fast Ethernet .
One statement at a time executed against one database .
One supposed advantage to the push model is that it reduces network traffic .
One system emits a signal at the start of each slot to let all other systems know when the slot is available .
One technique for doing this is the ATM Forum 's MPOA ( Multiprotocol over ATM ) , a specification that defines layer 3 routing over ATM .
One technique is DMT ( discrete multitone ) , which has been established as an ANSI standard .
One technique is to increase bandwidth by building network backbones with ATM or Gigabit Ethernet switches .
One technique is to increase network bandwidth by installing switched networks and ATM or Gigabit Ethernet backbones , but this may not be enough .
One technique is to set up a centralized route server where clients can obtain address resolution from a single server .
One thing that RSVP is sure to do is reduce the performance of routers with all the additional processing that must be done .
One trick is to use nonconductive fiber - optic cable to interconnect networks that are using different power supplies .
One type is the periphery switch into which legacy Ethernet or token ring workstations attach .
One variation is to use multithreaded operations in the calling computer so it can continue with other operations while it waits for the response from the called system .
One way to do this is to have people ( called agents ) stationed at important intersections to gather traffic information .
One way to do this is to install traditional routers that sit outside the switched network and move packets between VLANs , but this assumes that ports are available that provide access into and out of VLANs .
One way to gain performance is to reduce the number of routers on a network .
One way to locate RFCs of interest is to access the Web site at http : / / www . internic . net / ds / dspg1intdoc . html and search for keywords such as " management , " " MIB , " " RMON , " and " SNMP . " .
One way to think about the VM is as a CPU that runs in software  a software CPU that can run on almost any computing platform and provide the same interface to applications .
One way to think about these schemes is to consider how you might find your way around in a big city .
One way to think of an NC is as just a screen and a keyboard .
One way to think of IP / ATM is as a data link layer LAN .
One way to think of NDS is as a telephone book for your network , and indeed you can store information such as telephone numbers , addresses , department locations , and other identifying information for every user on your network .
One way to understand MIME messages is to envision two or more separate e - mail messages , each with different data types , that are bundled together into a single message .
One way users can exchange documents is by using the same application from the same vendor across platforms .
Online companies can use the program to gain consumer trust .
Online storage : Data is stored on high - speed magnetic disk drives that can provide the highest response to user queries .
Only a chosen few programs need to be scrutinized . " .
Only a few inputs are shown , but many are possible .
Only a few years ago , campus backbone networks provided basic information sharing between the different departments or offices on campus that maintained their own LANs .
Only a few years ago , a number of other protocols were vying for this top spot , including the OSI protocols .
Only a few years ago , bridges were essential devices in corporate networks .
Only a few years ago , each network operating system seemed to have its own niche and provided a set of features or functions that set it apart from other network operating systems .
Only a station that has possession of a special token can transmit .
Only about 1.5 percent of this frame is used for header information .
Only ATM ( Asynchronous Transfer Mode ) networks are designed from the ground up to support QoS , as described under " QoS ( Quality of Service ) . " .
Only class C addresses are still available ( as of this writing ) .
Only code that executes can be infected with viruses .
Only downstream data is transmitted at 56 Kbits / sec , uplink speeds are 28. 8 or 33. 6 Kbits / sec .
Only in June of 1997 was DES successfully attacked by a coordinated effort involving many computers connected over the Internet , but even the attackers stated that they still considered DES safe for many applications .
Only items that need updating are sent .
Only keyboard commands and screen updates cross the dial - up connection .
Only one device can transmit on the network at a time , so a medium access control method is needed to provide arbitration .
Only one LECS is necessary , and it is responsible for assigning , managing , and tracking the membership of LECs in ELANs .
Only packets that are in response to an internal user 's requests are allowed back through the firewall .
Only recently has it been supplanted by new high - speed serial standards called USB ( Universal Serial Bus ) .
Only recently have carriers begun to offer SVCs for customer use .
Only screen updates , keystrokes , and mouse movements travel across the remote link .
Only the authentic user should be able to enter a password that can decrypt the response , so the scheme effectively validates the user .
Only the destination will eventually receive all the fragments , so it is responsible for reassembly .
Only the end points need to be established .
Only the end systems perform these functions in HPR , thus eliminating excessive traffic and overhead .
Only the local loop retains all the characteristics of the original telephone system .
Only the local loop retains the analog signaling system that was put in place for the original phone system nearly 100 years ago .
Only the recipient can open the message with his or her private key .
Only the station that obtains the token can transmit .
Only the user interface , keystrokes , and mouse movements are transferred between the server and the client device over any network or communications protocol , minimizing the resources used by the client .
Only the VM must be designed to be compatible with any specific platform ( i . e . , Windows , UNIX , etc . ) .
Open - EDI uses the Internet as the electronic platform for information and transaction exchange .
Open Blueprint also supports Windows and NetWare environments , and new technologies such as objects , multimedia , and workflow .
Open Blueprint combines formal and de facto standards along with new , innovative technologies .
Open Market is a public Internet software company founded in 1994 .
Open PGP is based on the Diffie - Hellman public - key management patents , which expired in September of 1997 .
Open Transport brings together the technologies to support transportindependent applications .
Open your Web browser and go to your favorite Web page on the Internet .
OpenDoc is a compound document standard that that competes with Microsoft 's OLE ( Object Linking and Embedding ) .
OpenVMS is a DEC multi user operating system that supports Digital 's VAX and Alpha series computers .
Operates concurrently in the same system with print services , administrative services , and electronic mail services .
Operating system files are also targeted .
Operating system independence implies support for a number of operating systems .
Operating system vendors are taking mobile users into consideration by building new features that keep track of mobile user locations and maintain environments from one session to another .
Operating system vendors included support for almost every network protocol .
Operating systems and applications are created as multiple modules that are linked together to create a functional program .
Operating systems and applications use two primary techniques to take advantage of these systems .
Operating systems like Windows 95 and Windows NT come with a large selection of NDIS - compatible MAC drivers to work with the most common NICs .
Operating systems such as Microsoft Windows now include voice and videoconferencing tools , making the technology even more accessible to users .
Operating systems that take advantage of symmetrical multiprocessing systems are harder to design .
Operational data systems : As described earlier , operational data is the day - to - day data collected by and generated by accounting and other business systems .
Operational systems : These are the systems that handle day - to - day processes such as accounting , order entry , and inventory management .
Optical channels have a narrow bandwidth because it is difficult to perform fast conversions from electrical signals to optical signals .
Optical character recognition is used to " read " documents and turn them into computer text files .
Optical disk library systems are designed to bring data normally stored on microfiche or paper to an online device where it is quickly accessible by network users .
Optical disks can also provide library storage , in which large amounts of information that does not require high - speed access is kept online for network users to access .
Optical disks provide huge amounts of data storage and easily support the requirements of document imaging systems .
Optical disks provide the next type of storage in the hierarchical storage management scheme - near - line storage .
Optimization techniques are used to improve performance over WANs and serial lines by using caching , compression , and other techniques .
Optimized performance is provided by buffering commonly accessed files on local drives with the guarantee that the information in the files is up to date .
Optional boards are available to increase the number of lines .
Options / padding : Optional information and filler to ensure the header is a multiple of 32 bits .
Options : A variable set aside for special options .
Oracle has defined data cartridges as a way to expand on NCA and bridge different technologies .
Oracle implements plug - in software cartridges , while Informix employs data blades .
Oracle NCA : NCA is a set of technologies that allows all clients , including PCs and network computers , to universally access information on Web servers , database servers , and other systems .
Oracle was founded in 1977 with the goal of developing powerful , low - cost , client / server database systems that could compete with expensive proprietary mainframe systems .
Oracle 's approach was to start up a subsidiary company called NCI ( Network Computer , Inc . ) and create a product called NC Network in the Box , which delivers a complete , out - of - the - box network computer system .
ORB ( object - request broker ) : An ORB handles the plumbing that allows objects to communicate over a network .
ORB ( Object Request Broker ) : A common messaging system that allows objects distributed throughout a network to communicate .
ORBs ( object request brokers ) : Sometimes referred to as a logical bus .
OrderXpert : Buyer A tool for building an internal procurement system .
OrderXpert : Seller A tool for establishing a sales site that includes a transaction and order processing system , encrypted payments , membership system , access control system , order fulfillment , and order status capability for buyers .
Organization container : A top - level container that names the company or organization .
Organizational role : An object that is similar to the group object , but that defines a particular role in the company , such as a manager .
Organizational unit container : A container for organizing units within an organization , such as departments , divisions , or geographic locations .
Organizations build wide area enterprise networks to link remote users and create LAN - to - LAN links that allow users in one geographic area to use resources on LANs in other areas .
Organizations can use these services to create virtual data networks over wide areas that connect all of their remote sites .
Organizations Governing Telecommunication Standards .
Organizations like CommerceNet are actively involved in designing new procurement techniques and providing services that can help businesses connect with one another and do business together electronically .
Organizations often assign tokens to remote and mobile users who need to access internal systems from outside locations .
Organizations that already have NetWare in place can easily upgrade to IntranetWare and add intranet and Internet capabilities .
Organizations that connect their internal networks to the Internet provide an open door into their systems for Internet users unless secure routers and firewalls are put into place that monitor , filter , and block incoming packets .
Organizations that do not provide such services will not remain competitive .
Organizations that establish digital lines between remote sites can transmit both voice and data over these lines by digitizing the voice signals before transmitting .
Organizations that implement IBM mainframe and IBM AS / 400 hosts need a way to let users access data on those systems from their desktop systems .
Organizations that support a mobile work force may have racks of modems that users can dial into .
Originally , data link protocols were designed for point - to - point links , and this is still the primary way that communication is handled , although shared LANs such as Ethernet require additional medium access control protocols to arbitrate access to the shared medium .
Originally , appletalk was designed to use the LocalTalk cabling system , but AppleTalk now supports Ethernet and token ring topologies .
Originally , telnet was a simple terminal program that sent all user input to the remote host for processing .
Originally , the DTE was a dumb terminal or printer , but today it is a computer , or a bridge or router that interconnects local area networks .
Originally , the term legacy system was used to refer to existing mainframe systems , but now the term is used more widely .
Originally , usenet relied on a message exchange system called UUCP ( UNIX - to - UNIX Copy Program ) .
OS / 2 has a long history .
OS / 2 Warp 4 also supports Novell Directory Services , which allows OS / 2 users to access resources globally across an organization without having to know exactly which NetWare server contains the information .
OS / 2 Warp is IBM 's 32 - bit desktop operating system that runs on Intel processors .
OS / 2 Warp Server can also be set up as an application server that supports Microsoft Windows 95 and Windows NT applications .
OS / 2 Warp Server is based on IBM 's LAN Server 4.0 and includes system management tools , backup and recovery tools , remote connectivity facilities , advanced printer functionality , support for up to 1,000 users on a single server ( advanced version ) , and secure Internet access .
OS / 2 Warp Server runs concurrently with Novell NetWare .
OS / 2 Warp Server supports clients running a variety of desktop operating systems , including OS / 2 Warp , DOS , Windows 3.x , Windows 95 , Windows NT , AIX ( Advanced Interactive Executive ) , and Macintosh .
OS / 2 , on the other hand , has full endnode capabilities .
OS / 390 integrates fundamental MVS - based operating system components and communication functions .
OS / 390 is Web - enabled and can take advantage of Internet , Lotus Domino , and Java - based applications .
OS features such as support for SMP ( symmetrical multiprocessing ) , processor support , protocol support , and automatic hardware detection .
OSF is now part of The Open Group .
OSF is the organization that put together the DCE ( Distributed Computing Environment ) , a platform for integrating mixed - vendor systems and for developing distributed applications that work in the environment .
OSF was originally founded in 1988 to research and develop distributed computing environments .
OSI ( Open Systems Interconnection ) is a layered model for defining and building communication systems .
OSI ( Open Systems Interconnection ) is a layered model for defining and building communication systems .
OSI is very broad and strives to set standards on a global level , although it is unlikely that all the standards will be followed by any one organization or vendor .
OSI sets standards for management functions , security features , and a range of other networking functions as defined by the ISO ( International Organization for Standardization ) .
OSPF is a link - state routing algorithm that was derived from work done with IS - IS ( Intermediate System - to - Intermediate System ) , and OSI intradomain routing protocols .
OSPF is used to route IP traffic on the Internet and TCP / IP networks .
OSPF routing table updates only take place when necessary , rather that at regular intervals .
OSPF was originally developed by Proteon and is derived from an early version of the OSI IS - IS .
Other advantages include lowered user costs and quick development and deployment of systems or products .
Other clustering features and benefits are outlined here :
Other common user agents in the UNIX environment are Elm and Pine , both of which have simple interfaces and are easy for beginners to use .
Other compression methods are on the way , and many existing methods are being revised .
Other developers include BackWeb Technologies ( http : / / www . backweb . com ) , Data Channel Corp . ( http : / / www . datachannel . com ) , Intermind ( http : / / www . intermind . com ) , Marimba ( http : / / www . marimba . com ) , and Wayfarer Communications ( http : / / www . wayfarer . com ) .
Other digital services include emerging DSL ( Digital Subscriber Line ) services , as described under the topic of the same name in this book .
Other directories such as Public may hold Web - based HTML files that users access with their Web browsers .
Other DTE / DCE standards include the EIA RS - 366 - A , as well as the CCITT X.20 , X.21 , and V.35 standards .
Other ESD packages includes the following :
Other exchange sites are called MAEs ( metropolitan area exchanges ) and tend to be more local .
Other factors contributing to the growing interest in videoconferencing include better compression techniques , maturing standards that encourage interoperability , high - speed LANs and WANs that support the data requirements of video , and high - performance multimedia computers .
Other features include the ability to attach files and other information to messages and the ability to manage a personal address book .
Other functions such as file management are modular and layered on top of the microkernel .
Other Important Novell Products .
Other IP technologies are being introduced to minimize voice traffic 's drain on network resources .
Other MBone participants close to the regional network then work with the new regional network to set up tunnels .
Other messaging products are available from the vendors listed at the end of this section .
Other methods use a central controller that gives each station access in turn .
Other network protocol suites include Novell 's IPX / SPX , AppleTalk , and IBM SNA .
Other network protocols such as NetBEUI only operate over a single LAN and there is no mechanism for addressing and sending packets to interconnected networks .
Other nodes ignore the frame .
Other pins are used for sending control signals such as request to send and permission to send . .
Other products are often called listserv programs , but they are really mailing list programs .
Other protocol stacks such as OSI and SNA will be available in the future .
Other protocols are then encapsulated using the same methods as PPP .
Other references are given below .
Other restrictions are based on signal loss over distance or even curvature of the earth in the case of ground - based microwave transmissions systems .
Other routers do not waste their processing time if they don't need the information .
Other schemes have emerged more recently .
Other sections related to this are " Middleware and Messaging , " " MOM ( Message - Oriented Middleware ) , " and " Transaction Processing . .
Other security schemes include Philip Zimmermans PGP ( Pretty Good Privacy ) , an encryption product that is available at http : / / www . pgp . com .
Other security server systems that can implement token authentication include RADIUS ( Remote Authentication Dial - In User Service ) and TACACS ( Terminal Access Controller Access Control System ) .
Other Security Specifications , Initiatives , Coalitions , and APIs .
Other serial technologies include Firewire ( IEEE 1394 ) , SSA ( Serial Storage Architecture ) , and HSSI ( High - Speed Serial Interface ) , which are discussed under separate headings in this book .
Other servers on that same network " trust " that the security server has properly authenticated the user .
Other services defined in X.400 include distribution lists , management domains , and security features :
Other stations listen to these broadcasts but receive only frames addressed to them .
Other stations wait for the token rather than trying to access the network on their own .
Other support people can check this database before working on similar problems .
Other switched network services such as ATM follow a similar pricing model .
Other trends related to telephone systems and networks are CTI and voice over data networks .
Other types of proxy servers provide secure relay services in either direction .
Other types of routing are used across domains .
Other users can scan through the directory tree , select a user , and view information about that user unless security restrictions prevent such access .
Other users cannot access the system until it is rebooted , and worse , may lose open files that are stored on the server .
Other vendor proposals are discussed under " IP Switching . " .
Other vendors include Digital Ocean , OTC Telecom , Aironet Wireless Communication , Breeze Wireless Communications , C - SPEC , Proxim , and Windata .
Other wireless solutions include terrestrial microwave systems and satellite communication systems .
Other wireless transmission techniques are also possible , such as direct point - to - point laser systems , but these systems are not as common as the radio , microwave , and infrared systems discussed in this section .
Other workstations can override the priorities , if necessary .
Others can be found in Appendix A .
Others , such as the Internet mail standards , are in widespread use .
Otherwise , the datagram is put in a frame and addressed to the next router that will get the datagram to its destination .
Otherwise , they must all be rolled back .
Otherwise , traffic for server requests will move across the backbone and into other subnets , adding additional traffic to those subnets .
Out - of - band signaling , in contrast , transmits control signals on a separate line than the voice or data signal .
Outgoing IP datagrams are put into ATM cells instead of Ethernet frames .
Outside interference may be introduced by background noise , atmospheric radiation , machinery , or even faulty equipment .
Outside the United States , these standards are the same as the V.24 standard of the CCITT .
Over 1,000 different objects have been registered with the Internet community as managed objects .
Over the last few years , practical experience and the direction of the computer industry in general has shown that the TCP / IP protocol suite is the best choice for building internetworks .
Over the last few years , product vendors and companies wishing to do business on the Internet have been working overtime to come up with digital signature standards that can be put into software and used on public networks .
Over the last few years , both strategies were implemented .
Over the years , a number of routing protocols have been developed .
Over the years , the addressing scheme was modified to fit the growing number of networks and hosts connecting to the Internet .
Over the years , the Macintosh operating system evolved to provide more and more features for its users .
Over the years , the product was improved to provide better performance and support for a wide range of clients and protocols .
Overlapped seeks : Improves read performance if two or more hard disks are connected to their own controller by allowing NetWare to access each controller simultaneously .
PACE is a technology developed by 3Com Corporation that is designed to deliver on - time multimedia over switched Ethernet LANs that have insufficient bandwidth , nondeterministic behavior , and the inability to prioritize traffic .
PACE is designed to deliver real - time traffic on existing switched Ethernet LANs .
PACE produces an interleaved transmission pattern between a switch and an end station , reducing delays caused by traffic coming in the opposite direction and improving multimedia quality .
PACE 's Interactive Access technology , which is implemented in hardware on Ethernet and Fast Ethernet switches , enables the switch port and end stations to take turns transmitting on the wire .
Pacific Bell , for example , operates franchises in all the California LATA areas .
Pacific Bell , for example , operates franchises in all the California LATA areas , and these are connected with inter - LATA trunks .
Pacific Telephony offers an interesting design tutorial entitled " How To Build an Internet PBX " at its Web site ( refer to http : / / www . phonezone . com / ip - phone . htm ) .
Packet - , frame - , and cell - switching networks carry information in discrete bundles that are routed through a mesh network of switches to a destination .
Packet - radio breaks a transmission into small digital packets that are sent to a radio tower or satellite and then relayed to a destination .
Packet - Radio Communications : Describes services offered by nationwide radio data communication services such as ARDIS ( Advanced National Radio Data Service ) and RAM Mobile Data .
Packet - radio communications lets mobile users communicate with their corporate networks using computing devices such as portable computers , PDAs ( personal digital assistants ) , pagers , and other wireless communicators .
Packet - switched networks are made up of numerous point - to - point links that employ data link protocols between each link .
Packet - switched networks are often called any - to - any networks .
Packet - switching network : A pay - for - use service that can provide any - to - any connections , but the carrier must usually program in the connection points , which form VCs ( virtual circuits ) .
Packet - switching services include X.25 , frame relay , and the Internet .
Packet - switching services provide any - to - any connections for simultaneous transmissions over a mesh - type packet - switched network .
Packet - switching techniques are used to move packets from one subnetwork to another .
Packet 1 goes to line 1 , packet 2 goes to line 2 , and so on in a round - robin approach .
Packet Capture : Provides a way to select the type of packets to collect .
Packet features include the ability to address special groups or screen packets .
Packet header analysis like that done by routers is not necessary .
Packet replays can be avoided by timestamping and sequencing packets .
Packet switching : Provides the most flexible service for companies that need to connect with many different sites .
Packet switching is a technique for transmitting packets of information through multiple linked networks .
Packet switching is preferable for long distances , and circuit switching is preferable for short distances .
Packet switching is preferable when transmissions are short because of the way charges are incurred per packet .
Packet type Defines the service that created the packet ( either NCP , NetBIOS , NLSP , RIP , SAP , or SPX , as described later in this topic ) .
Packets ( segments in TCP ) have less overhead and more data because the header only needs the circuit number , not the IP address .
Packets are addressed to a destination network and a host on that network .
Packets are dropped in this condition that will eventually need to be retransmitted .
Packets are first checked and then either dropped or allowed to enter based on various rules and specified criteria .
Packets are only allowed a certain number of hops .
Packets are only transmitted between networks after first passing up the protocol stack and across through the proxy services , and only if the proxy services allow it .
Packets are sent on their way without setting up a connection to ensure that they reach their destination or arrive in order .
Packets are stored and forwarded through routers , as discussed under Routers and Routing Protocols and Algorithms .
Packets are then quickly sent through a layer 2 virtual circuit that bypasses the router .
Packets are then switched along this circuit .
Packets arrive in order at the destination by following this path .
Packets make the trip through the switched network in " hops . " .
Packets may arrive at the destination out of sequence .
Packets may arrive out of order if they take different routes through an internetwork , where some routes cross slow links or links that are experiencing problems .
Packets move from one router to the next , with each router pointing the packet in the general direction of the destination .
Packets move through the network from one router to the next in a hop - by - hop fashion , with each router making a decision about where to send the packet next .
Packets moving from the Ethernet LAN to the FDDI LAN can be either translated ( a gateway function ) and delivered to a node on the FDDI LAN , or they can be routed to another Ethernet LAN attached to the FDDI LAN .
Packets of information are routed through a mesh network based on destination address information in the packet header .
Packets per second ( pps ) is a measure of throughput for network devices such as bridges and routers .
Packets that are destined for networks across the country or around the planet probably go through a NAP or MAE , although in many cases , a national ISP may have a direct link to a remote destination network , thus avoiding the NAP or MAE .
Packets that contain undesirable content or words can be discarded .
Packets traversing the internetwork must have an address that identifies a particular network and a node on that network .
Packets , not cells , are transmitted to the ATM interface .
PAP is a security protocol that requires users to enter a password before accessing a secure system .
Parallel connections have potentially higher data throughput rates , but distances are restricted to avoid bit - synchronization problems .
Parallel database systems are emerging that improve access to database systems .
Parallel processing systems are multiprocessor systems that can distribute processing tasks across the processors .
Parallel processing systems can be categorized as follows :
Parallel processing systems provide a way to expand the processing power of a computer system by adding additional processors .
Parallel systems are implemented using three different architectural models .
Parent classes have characteristics that are passed down to subclasses of the object .
Parity information is generated from the data written to each of the RAID drives , and that parity information is written to a backup drive .
Part of being a hacker , cracker , or spoofer is gaining information about a target company and its computer systems .
Part of that evolution was the creation of high - capacity transmission lines that implement synchronous TDM ( time division multiplexing ) .
Part of the DMI is an agent that collects information about network workstations and other nodes and places the information in a file called the MIFF ( management information format file ) .
Part of the judgment stipulated that the new RBOCs were to open their facilities to long - distance carriers for competitive reasons and to give customers a choice of carriers .
Part of this automated process is the use digital certificates so that a person receiving a document knows that it is has come from an authorized person .
Part of this filtering is to block collisions occurring in one LAN segment from affecting other LAN segments .
Part of this setup can include a user authentication and the assignment of an IP address .
Part of this trick is to find a virtual circuit that can deliver IP packets from source to destination .
Participants also agree to exchange traffic among the customers of all the MLPA - participating ISPs .
Parties involved in electronic transactions are verified and authenticated through VeriSign Digital IDs to ensure the integrity of messages .
Partitioning and replication : Each container of the directory tree potentially represents a point where the tree can be partitioned ( split ) and replicated to other servers .
Partitioning and replication are used for the following reasons :
Partitioning is a method of splitting a database into related blocks of information and replication is the process of copying those blocks to other locations .
Partitioning is useful for large databases and provides a way to store parts of the database on different computers .
Parts of the document can be cut and pasted into other documents .
Password restrictions : The administrator or a supervisor can specify the length and uniqueness of login passwords .
Passwords , stored data , and transmitted data can be encrypted to obtain privacy .
Path information is placed directly in packets so they can find their way through the network on their own .
Paths through the network are selected based on the criteria listed above .
Payment protocols ( for example , SET ) define the message format and sequence required to complete the payment transaction .
Payment protocols ( for example , SET ) define the message format and sequence required to complete the payment transaction .
PBXs are considered important to network administrators , and they are now available for network servers and run in environments where voice calls can be carried on the data network .
PC Card support : If a user plugs in a PC Card such as a network card , modem , or disk drive , windows automatically reconfigures itself .
PC Servers use standard Intel processors and support multiple operating systems .
PCS ( also called PCN , or Personal Communications Network , outside the United States ) is a personalized communication system that assigns an individual one phone number .
PCS ( Personal Communications Services ) : Describes how GSM services are being deployed in the United States .
PCS 1900 is a similar system designed to operate in the 1,900 MHz frequency band in North America 
PCS competes with traditional analog cellular phone services , but PCS 's digital technology provides clearer voice quality , enhanced features , security through encryption , and lower user costs .
PCS is a digital wireless communications technology that includes voice , data , and video .
PCS is fully digital and has some unique features .
PCs running DOS are examples of LEN nodes because they don't have the capability of operating as end nodes .
PCT ( Private Communication Technology ) : A Microsoft - developed protocol for setting up secure sessions .
PCT allows applications to use 128 - bit key encryption for authentication within the United States , and 40 - bit key encryption as allowed by the U . S . government for export use .
PCT is a protocol that provides secure encrypted communication between two applications ( a client and server ) over a TCP / IP network such as the Internet , an intranet , or an extranet .
PCT is an alternative to SSL that was developed by Microsoft and Visa International .
PCT is included with Microsoft Internet Explorer .
PCT was developed by Microsoft in response to security weaknesses in SSL ( Secure Sockets Layer ) , another Web - based client / server security protocol .
PDAs use interfaces that are often foreign to most network operating systems and applications .
PDC ( Personal Digital Cellular ) : PDC frequency bands are 25 kHz wide and are divided into three time - division channels .
PDN providers ( called value added carriers or VACs ) have created data networks that they make available to organizations at leased - line rates monthly charge or at dial - up rates per - use charge .
Peer - layer communication provides a way for each layer to exchange messages or other data .
Peer - to - peer network operating systems discussed elsewhere in this book include LANtastic ( Artisoft ) , Windows ( Microsoft ) , and Mac OS .
Peer - to - peer operating systems like Microsoft Windows can operate in this way .
Peering and Transit Agreements .
Peering arrangements are normally set up between ISPs of the same size in cases where both can benefit from the other 's infrastructure .
Peers exchange information about the status of the communication session in relation to the functions that are provided by their particular layer .
PEM includes a specification for a public - key infrastructure , which provides a way for users to exchange keys over large networks like the Internet .
PEM uses RSA ( Rivest , Shamir , Adleman ) public - key authentication and / or DES ( Data Encryption Standard ) for encryption and authentication .
PEM was defined by the IETF ( Internet Engineering Task Force ) in RFCs 1421 through 1424 as a way to encrypt 7 - bit text messages .
PEM was one of the first standards for securing the text of e - mail messages .
PEM was then extended with MOSS ( MIME Object Security Standard ) , a protocol with PEM compatibility and support for MIME attachments .
People are demanding more bandwidth and are considering a variety of alternatives , such as satellite and cable TV .
People can read a history of a conversation and reply at any time .
People start their own groups at will , and the category contains such groups as alt . society . revolution and alt . tasteless . jokes .
People wanted to collaborate without the need for translating , reformatting , and recompiling their programs and data .
People who engage in business transactions over the Internet need secure connections .
People who want to purchase content use CyberCoins .
PEP sits on top of HTTP and UPP is a negotiations protocol that identifies appropriate payment methods .
Perform document imaging and forms processing .
Perform incremental backups to the files that have changed since you last made a major backup .
Performance : DFS uses client data caching to reduce network load . NFS does not .
Performance improvements are considerable .
Performance problems will grow as the number of receivers grows .
Performing data compression automatically at the connection point to the wide area network is impractical if the transmission speed is above 64 Kbits / sec , because compression cannot keep up with the line speed .
Perhaps a better choice for Internet users would be direct broadcast satellite or wireless cable systems that use terrestrial microwave and don't require a massive infrastructure upgrade .
Perhaps the best example of extranet technology comes from Netscape .
Perhaps the most important characteristic of TCP is that it sets up end - to - end connections between two computers that need to exchange data .
Perhaps the most important feature is that file systems at other locations on the Internet can appear to a user as a file system that is local .
Perl stands for Practical Extraction and Report Language .
Permanent means that the circuit is preprogrammed by the carrier as a path through the network .
Permission assignments from different sources are combined , and the highest - level permission applies .
Permissions : Permissions give users access to directories , files , and resources such as printers .
Permissions include the ability to read , write ( change ) , execute , and delete files , among others .
Persistence : Provides a way to store information about an event or object for later use .
PGP ( Pretty Good Privacy ) was another early privacy protocol , although it is not an IETF standard .
PGP can assure privacy and nonrepudiation .
PGP is an alternative to RSA 's S / MIME ( Secure MIME ) .
PGP is an encryption and digital signature utility for adding privacy to electronic mail and documents .
PGP is designed to integrate into popular e - mail programs and operate on major operating systems such as Windows and Macintosh .
PGP is packaged for corporate users and personal users .
PGP supports key servers , so users can place their public keys in a place where other people can access the keys .
Phase - change technology : This technique uses a laser to change a crystalline material to an amorphous state , altering the reflectivity of the material and thus providing a way to record digital information .
Phil Zimmermann designed PGP on the principal that e - mail , like conversations , should be private .
Phil Zimmermann designed PGP to use other encryption standards besides RSA .
Phil Zimmermann quickly jumped in with a security specification called Open PGP and a promise to put it in the public domain .
Phones based on PCS and GSM will work in all countries where GSM is supported .
Phones that connect to digital communication links use codecs to convert analog voice signals to digital signals .
Photonic transmissions produce no emissions outside the cable and are not affected by external radiation .
Photons pass through the glass with negligible resistance .
Physical documents may be scanned , indexed , and stored on computer for quick access .
Physical protocols define mechanical and electrical interface specifications such as the physical connection methods for cable .
Physical security techniques are fairly straightforward - you lock things up in secure rooms .
Picture the old manual telephone switching boards in which an operator connects a cable between the lines of two people that want to talk .
Pictures are digitized with scanners so they can be displayed on computer screens and stored on disk .
PIM - sparse avoids flooding ( and wasted bandwidth ) in cases where a group is small .
PIM ( Protocol Independent Multicast ) : PIM is a new concept for routing .
PIM is a multicast routing protocol that handles the routing of multicast data over the Internet or intranets .
Pin 5 is the clear to send line and the DCE uses it to indicate that it is ready to receive .
Pine is usually recommended , and the Web site address for downloading it is given at the end of this topic .
Ping can be used as a troubleshooting tool when communication problems occur .
Ping is the equivalent to yelling in a canyon and listening for the echo .
Ping packages an ICMP echo request message in a datagram and sends it to a selected destination .
Ping uses the ICMP ( Internet Control Message Protocol ) for its operation .
Pipes are IPC ( interprocess communication ) features of the UNIX , Windows , and OS / 2 operating systems .
Pipes are like queues in which one process running in the multitasking operating system can store information it wants to pass to itself , to another process running in the computer , or to multiple processes running in the computer .
Place equipment in rooms that have fire protection systems .
Placing fully capable systems at multiple sites provides redundancy and protects a company from local disasters , as shown on the right in Figure S - 2 .
Plans for SCSI - 3 were started not long after that .
Plastic - coated silica cable offers better performance than plastic cable at a little more cost .
Plastic cable , which works only over a few meters , is inexpensive and works with inexpensive components .
Playback is optimized for the type of hardware available so frame rate is increased on faster systems .
Plenum - rated ( firesafe ) cable is also available .
Plenum cable costs under 50 cents per foot .
Plenum cable costs under 60 cents per foot .
Plug - in nodes ( called Quads because there are four Intel Pentium Pro processors per node ) can be added to scale the system .
PNNI establishes hierarchical groupings of ATM switches that help cut down on the amount of topology information that must be exchanged throughout the network .
PNNI is a dynamic link - state routing protocol for building ATM - based networks in campus , metropolitan , or wide area network environments .
PNNI is an ATM standard for creating QoS paths between ATMswitches .
PNNI provides a routing protocol to communicate topology information about the network among these groups of ATM switches .
PNNI supports up to 100 hierarchical levels .
Point - to - point device connections for high transfer rates over greater distances .
PointCast is a broadcast news service that uses " push " technology to update the desktops of Internet - connected users .
PointCast is another .
PointCast provides free software that loads on top of the desktop and allows users to pick from up to 23 channels .
PointCast uses a computer 's " idle " time to initiate information retrieval from PointCast servers .
PointCast was one of the first companies to make use of the technology and its PointCast Network has become quite popular .
PointCast works in the background , updating the latest headlines , displaying weather for selected cities , or scrolling stock prices across the screen .
Policies can be set to restrict the amount of bandwidth that the application uses for audio and video so that administrators can prevent the application from hogging bandwidth .
Policy management can provide a way to give some types of traffic , such as real - time video , priority over other , less important traffic , such as an e - mail transmission .
Policy management is similar to quality of service .
Polymorphic Virus : This type of virus changes its appearance to avoid detection by antivirus software .
POP and SMTP are tightly linked .
POP does not let users keep some of their mail at the POP server for later perusal , which is convenient if users are working at someone else 's workstation .
POP holds mail in user mailboxes .
POP is an Internet mail server protocol that provides an incoming message storage system .
POP is an Internet mail server protocol that provides an incoming message storage system .
POP or IMAP stores the messages in the appropriate recipient 's mailbox .
POP receives mail and holds it in a user 's post office mailbox , while SMTP provides message transport services .
POPs are the result of the 1984 breakup of AT &amp; T into a long - distance company and 23 RBOCs .
POPs centralized mailbox scheme ensures that recipients get their mail even if their computer is not on because the mail is held by the POP server until it can be picked up .
Port - sharing units provide a way for multiple terminals at a remote site to share a modem connection to a computer or host system .
Port 80 is the industry - accepted socket number for a Web server .
Port switching is a relatively new feature in hubs that provides a way to reconfigure workstation connections quickly ( for example , when a user switches departments ) .
Portable , handheld data terminals and similar devices with RF ( radio frequency ) modems can access the ARDIS system and communicate with home office systems .
Ports have specific addresses that are " well known " throughout the computer industry .
POSIT does not require OSI procurement .
Post messages to the newsgroup .
Postal Service provide key management .
Potential problems may become evident through this process .
POTS is the analog telephone service that runs over copper twisted - pair wires and is based on the original Bell telephone system .
PPP ( Point - to - Point Protocol ) : PPP provides the same functionality as SLIP ( i . e . , it is commonly used for Internet connections over dial - up lines ) , but it is a more robust protocol that can transport not only IP , but other types of packets .
PPP ( Point - to - Point Protocol ) is a protocol for transporting a variety of network protocol information over a dial - up link .
PPP is a layer 2 protocol that frames data so it can be sent across a dial - up connection .
PPP is commonly used for Internet connections over dial - up lines .
PPP Multilink is a bandwidth - on - demand protocol that can connect multiple links between two systems as needed to provide bandwidth on demand .
PPP Multilink is an extension to PPP ( Point - to - Point Protocol ) .
PPP Multilink is an inverse - multiplexing standard .
PPP Multilink is well suited for traffic bursts and overflows caused by backup sessions , conferences , large file transfers , or startofday traffic spikes .
PPP Multilink provides the protocols and negotiation features that allow systems to indicate they are capable of combining multiple physical links into a " bundle . " .
PPP Multilink started out as a way to bond two or more ISDN channels but is now capable of bonding many different types of connections .
PPP provides router - to - router , host - to - router , and host - to - host connections .
PPP uses a framing method to encapsulate high - level protocol packets and transmit them across the link .
PPTP is a Microsoft proposal for virtual dial - up services that was submitted to the IETF for standardization in 1996 .
PPTP is a software solution that requires little in the way of costly upgrades .
PPTP is one of several services that provide what is called virtual dial - up services .
PPTP is supplied with Windows NT Server as a solution to provide " tunneled " connections over the Internet between remote clients and corporate servers .
PPTP tunnels packets across the Internet .
PPTP turns the Internet into a virtual private network and removes much of the costs of expensive leased lines and long - distance calling .
Preamble : This field marks the start of a frame .
Precedence can be set by customers or by defined policies .
Preemptive multitasking : Windows NT uses preemptive multitasking , a scheme in which the operating system is in charge of allocating processing time to applications so no single application can overuse the processor .
Premenos Corporation ( http : / / www . premenos . com ) offers an EDI product that works over the Internet .
Preserving document formats during file exchange is essential .
Presumably Router BC already used ARP to determine the MAC address of Host C1 .
Prevents internal network addresses from appearing on the Internet .
Previous to 1996 , carriers were not allowed to be involved in the manufacturing , marketing , and sales of this equipment , but to promote competition , congress opened up the telecommunication markets .
Previously , only executable files were at risk , but new viruses attack macros in programs like Microsoft Word and do their damage when the macro is executed .
PRI ( Primary Rate ISDN ) : Organizations with a need for ISDN at higher data rates ( for network connections ) get involved with PRI .
Pricing is on a per - minute basis , with pricing as low as 1 cent per minute .
Primary - rate ISDN is for companies that need switchable bandwidth in increments of 64 Kbits / sec all the way up to multi megabit rates .
Primary server : A primary server synchronizes time with other primary time servers or a reference time server , and provides the correct time to secondary time servers .
Prime factorization requires splitting an integer into factors that are prime numbers .
Print server : Defines a server that manages and queues print jobs to attached printers .
Printer : Defines a printer that is attached to a print server .
Printing devices are LU Type 1 or LU Type 3 devices .
Prior knowledge of a file 's location is not necessary .
Prioritization and bandwidth reservation are features of QoS ( quality of service ) .
Prioritization assumes that someone is managing priorities .
Prioritization can be explained as follows : implement some method to get important packets through a network when the network is congested and delay unimportant packets until later .
Prioritization has been used in multiprotocol routers to give some protocols higher priority than other protocols .
Prioritization is achieved through standards - based tagging techniques , switches with multiple queues , and the over - provisioning of bandwidth .
Prioritization is also caclass of servic , orCoS .
Prioritization is related to tagging some traffic so that it gets through congested networks before lower - priority traffic .
Prioritization refers to tagging packets with priority levels so that high - priority traffic is delivered ahead of low - priority traffic .
Prioritized stations use the number of slots they need to deliver their data on time .
Private - key cryptography is also used for communication devices like encrypting routers , where all data transmitted between two devices must be encrypted .
Private - key cryptography is often called secret - key or symmetric cryptography .
Private ATM is the ATM network within an organization , while public ATM is a wide area networking service sold by carriers .
Private bridges using radio communications or fiberoptic links are common in campus environments to link LANs in different buildings .
Private companies built MAEs to fill the needs of the ever - expanding Internet .
Private network is a term used to describe a wide area network that crosses public properties but that is controlled by an organization .
Private networks are created with dial - up or dedicated lines that are leased from local and long - distance carriers .
Private virtual circuits can be set up over packet / cell - switching networks , as described under " Virtual Circuit " .
Problems can occur if a router gets behind in rebuilding its routing table , which can occur if that router is connected over a slow WAN link .
Problems that have been tackled by one support person can be documented in a shared database .
Processes interact by passing messages that run as " threads " within the microkernel .
Processing involves extracting , cleaning , combining , altering , and manipulating data into new sets of data that are more relevant to end users .
Processing requirements and network traffic may make this method unacceptable in many environments , even if implemented properly .
Processor cache A processor cache is a block of memory that is part of the processor itself and has very fast access .
Processor support : Windows NT runs on Intel , MIPS , DEC Alpha , and PowerPC processors .
Products from vendors have options for selecting specific traffic and filtering out unwanted traffic .
Products that include this state management include Microsoft Transaction Server and BEA Systems BEA Jolt .
Program - to - program communication IBM 's APPC ( Advanced Program - to - Program Communications ) allows PC applications to work with an application on the host system using SNA protocols .
Program and database objects are the same .
Program developers see the system as a single SMP system rather than as a multinode system .
Program developers simply write applications to work with the top layer of WinSock .
Programmable via a wide range of scripting languages .
Programmers and developers who are familiar with either standard can easily make the transition to working in the other standard .
Programmers see APIs as routines they can use to quickly build programs for specific systems .
Programmers traditionally used NetBIOS to create LAN applications for the IBM LAN Server , Microsoft LAN Manager , and OS / 2 environments .
Programs use LU 6.2 services through an interface called the LU 6.2 Protocol Boundary or through the CPIC ( Common Programming Interface for Communications ) .
Pronounced " demon , " it is a background process or program on UNIX systems .
Propagation delay is a delay caused by the time it takes information to be transmitted from one place to another .
Properties have values , which are kept in a separate but related file .
Proposed standards are still under development .
Proposed standards are still under development at this writing .
Protect equipment from natural disasters such as earthquakes and floods .
Protocol : The transport layer process to receive the datagram .
Protocols and network architectures are covered under " Protocol Concepts . " .
Protocols and techniques for obtaining quality of service over existing networks have been developed or are in the works .
Protocols are optimized for workgroups , and 802.x access methods are Microsoft 's SMB ( Server Message Blocks ) , AppleTalk , and Novell 's NCP ( NetWare Core Protocol ) .
Protocols are published as worldwide standards so that one vendor can create network hardware or software that will work with another vendor 's hardware or software .
Protocols at this layer are for presenting data .
Protocols for aggregating lines are PPP Multilink ( Point - to - Point Protocol Multilink ) and BACP ( Bandwidth Allocation Control Protocol ) , which are discussed under separate headings in this book .
Protocols specify a set of rules and procedures that define how communication takes place at different levels of operation .
Provide a security barrier between networks ( i . e . , routers can filter traffic based on IP address , application , etc . ) .
Provide a way to build a network with redundant paths , as shown in Figure D - 10 .
Provide a way to isolate ports for testing purposes .
Provide bandwidth and traffic controls so real - time traffic ( live voice and video ) can be delivered without delay .
Provide connections to wide area networks .
Provide open access to the network for all network providers .
Provide services such as storing , tracking , versioning , indexing , and searching for documents .
Provide signature labels that allow a user or organization that signs an object to make statements about the object .
Provide trust management systems that allow end users to verify the creator of downloadable code and what it does by interpreting statements made by the signers of the objects .
Provide workflow and groupware technologies for transaction - oriented and collaborative document management .
Provides a common drawing surface that is shared by all users in a conference .
Provides a data dictionary that describes the structure of the database , related files , and record information .
Provides a framework for interconnecting IBM 's DB2 , DBM , SQL / DS , and SQL / 400 database systems .
Provides a multipoint link among people who require virtual meetings .
Provides a way to structure data as records , tables , or objects .
Provides data integrity features that prevent more than one user from accessing and changing the same information simultaneously .
Provides multi user access to data , along with security features that prevent some users from viewing and / or changing certain types of information .
Provides network administrators with accounting information , such as when users logged on and what resources they accessed .
Provides query languages for searching , sorting , reporting , and other " decision support " activities that help users correlate and make sense of collected data .
Provides queue services for up to five network printers .
Provides real - time text - based messaging among members of a conference .
Provides security in the form of password access and file or folder locking .
Provides valuable information that helps you evaluate and detect potential security problems .
Providing a way for clients to request an outside connection from a proxy server .
Providing QoS on ATM networks is relatively easy for a number of reasons .
Providing QoS requires improvements in the network infrastructure .
Providing services to the layer above it ( except for the top - level application layer ) .
Proxy agent : Some devices do not have the capability of running an agent .
Proxy server : To control how internal users access your partner 's systems and the Internet .
Proxy servers also provide important caching functions .
Proxy servers are used at the cable offices to cache information from Web sites that customers access most often .
Proxy services are generally one - way services that block Internet users from accessing the internal network in any way .
Proxy services run on the firewall at the application level to provide a sophisticated traffic control system .
Proxy Software In this approach , a program running on the host itself accepts requests from PC clients , and then reformats and sends them to the host applications .
Pseudo file systems are virtual file systems that exist in temporary memory and provide a place to store files or directory entries for fast access .
PSH ( push ) A bit set by the sender to request that the receiver send data directly to the application and not buffer it .
PSTN was put into place many years ago as a voice telephone call - switching system .
PTI ( Payload Type Indicator ) : Indicates the type of information in the payload area , such as user , network , or management information .
PU Type 2 : Implemented in IBM cluster controllers and IBM 3174 establishment controllers .
PU Type 2 is for cluster controllers and PU Type 4 is for an FEP .
PU Type 5 : Implemented in IBM VTAM ( Virtual Telecommunication Access Method ) and other host communication software .
Public - key infrastructures can provide a structure for verifying and authenticating the parties involved in transactions on the Internet , intranets , or extranets .
Public CAs such as Verisign offer a valuable service .
Public data network providers like AT &amp; T are busy installing ATM cell - switching devices with SONET ( Synchronous Optical Network ) interfaces that operate in the multigigabit range .
Public data network providers such as AT &amp; T use encapsulation to transport data packets over ATM cell - switching devices with SONET ( Synchronous Optical Network ) interfaces .
Public databases are available at locations throughout the country , such as libraries , museums , government agencies , and research facilities .
Public folders that serve as repositories for shared messages , forms , documents , applications , and other information .
Public keys can be given to anyone , while private keys are held by their owners .
Public may also be where users place files they want to exchange with other network users .
Public Web servers provide information on the Internet to anyone with a Web browser .
Publish and subscribe is one way of describing " push " technologies for distributing information over the Internet or on intranets .
Publishers need to have an incentive for putting content up , and that incentive is profit ; but if they charge too much , people won't access their systems .
Publishing information is more than creating content .
Publishing is another example of a collaborative environment that can benefit from workflow software .
Publishing services provide what is commonly called channel changers .
Publishing Xpert : A transaction - based content publishing system that provides a way to collect customer interests , demographics , and site usage .
Punchdown block connector cable : If existing telephone cable is to be used , a 50 - pin Telco cable that connects the concentrator directly to a telephone punchdown block simplifies the installation .
PUs handle network management functions and control telecommunication links .
Push is much more efficient .
Push technologies are often employed to automatically distribute software to users , as opposed to pull technologies in which users choose to update on their own .
Push technologies are used to automatically provide subscribed users with the latest view of the data they are interested in .
Push technologies can be used to automatically update users with information and programs whenever they log on .
Push technologies can distribute information to users without them specifically asking for it .
Push works on the Internet and on corporate intranets .
Pushing the bandwidth even further is Gigabit Ethernet , which operates at a data rate of 1,000 Mbits / sec .
Put another way , there are connection - oriented services that appear as circuits and connectionless services , which are often called datagram delivery services because they emulate a postal system in their deliver context .
Put some introductory text here .
Putting this on computers has simplified setup for administrators because an easy - to - use interface makes it easy to program selections and add or change messages .
PVC ( permanent virtual circuit ) : A connection between end stations that is defined in advance , usually with a predefined and guaranteed bandwidth .
PVCs are always available and SVCs require a setup every time they are used .
PVCs are low - delay circuits because routing decisions do not need to be made along the way .
PVCs are most common , while SVCs are not even offered by some carriers .
PVCs have not provided the kind of convenience that customers would like for some of the applications mentioned above .
PVCs have the following features :
Pyramid Technology ( http : / / www . pyramid . com ) has developed parallel processing systems specifically designed for this purpose .
QIC minicartridges use the same belt drive systems as QIC cartridges , but are smaller in size and have a capacity of 1GB .
QoS ( quality of service ) can be negotiated with carriers when contracting for services .
QoS covers an entire range of services that provide certain guarantees that traffic will be delivered on time , in order , and either fully intact or with an acceptable level of loss if the network becomes congested .
QoS describes what you get if you can guarantee the timely delivery of information on networks , control bandwidth , set priorities for selected traffic , and provide a good level of security .
QoS for in - house networks is set up based on administrative or other policies .
QoS is supported by setting priorities based on the IP address or the port number used by an application .
QoS is usually associated with being able to deliver delay - sensitive information such as live video and voice while still having enough bandwidth to deliver other traffic , albeit at a lower rate .
QoS provides a way to ship time - sensitive traffic across a network and ensure that it is not held up by other traffic .
QoS refers to setting priority levels , guaranteeing delivery , and reserving bandwidth on a network .
QoS routing is concerned with finding packet - forwarding paths that provide requested services .
Quantization noise is added wherever a digital - to - analog conversion takes place .
Quantizing is the process of replacing the sampled value with the nearest value within the range of the device and the sampling rate .
Quantum ( http : / / www . quantum . com ) manufactures DLT drives and other vendors package its product .
R1 uses a store - and - forward procedure , in which it receives the packet and puts it in memory long enough to read the destination address .
Radio communication is widely used as the medium for computer networks , including in - office networks that allow users to move around the office with their portable computers .
Radio transceivers are located at each tower to send and receive signals .
RadioLAN introduced the first wireless LAN to operate in the unlicensed 5.8 GHz radiofrequency band .
RADIUS is a service for authenticating and authorizing dial - up users .
RADSL ( Rate - Adaptive Digital Subscriber Line ) : This service is also similar to ADSL , but it has a rate - adaptive feature that will adjust the transmission speed to match the quality of the line and the length of the line .
RAID ( redundant arrays of inexpensive disks ) systems are devices with multiple disks that appear as one disk to the operating system .
RAID defines techniques for combining disk drives into arrays .
RAID level 0 : Data is striped over several drives , but there is no redundant drive .
RAID level 1 : Data is striped to an array of drives , and each drive is also mirrored to a backup drive for added protection .
RAID level 5 : Data is written in disk sector units to all drives in the drive array .
RAID levels 0 through 5 are outlined in the following list .
RAID levels 2 , 3 , and 4 : Data is striped to multiple disks , and parity information is generated and written to a separate parity disk .
RAID systems are a popular choice .
RAID systems have their own built in fault tolerance .
RAID systems usually have ahot replacement feature that lets you immediately replace a drive without bringing the system down .
Rainbow Series is the name given to a set of documents published by the NCSC ( National Computer Security Center ) .
RAM Mobile Data USA Limited Partnership is a business venture between RAM Broadcasting Corporation and Bell South .
Ramp Networks has a less expensive device that combines the throughput of up to three external modems to provide a data rate as high as 168 Kbits / sec .
RAM 's core technology is Mobitex , an international standard for two - way wireless data communications , currently operational in 18 countries worldwide .
RAM 's market is interactive paging , office automation , transportation , wireless LAN - based access , and more .
Rapid application development and deployment are possible with Java 's component model , and components can be reused to build other applications as described under " Component Software Technology . " .
Rapid City Communications ( now part of Bay Networks ) combines routing with packet - relay capabilities to achieve bandwidth levels that can accommodate new high - speed networking .
Rapid City Communications ( now part of Bay Networks ) developed a family of router switches that provide packet - relay capabilities with the control of IP routing .
Rapid City 's f1200 has a 15 - Gbit / sec shared memory switch fabric that can potentially forward 7 million packets / sec whether routing , switching , or doing both .
RARP is part of the TCP / IP protocol suite .
Rates are calculated by the minute in most cases .
Rather it facilitates development by establishing consensus among qualified groups .
Rather than using a general - purpose mechanism to allow many different kinds of traffic to flow , special - purpose code can be used for each desired application .
RBOCs must provide all interexchange carriers with equal access to their LATA facilities .
RDBMSs ( relational DBMSs ) often use different techniques for describing how information is stored in the database .
Read - after - write verification : Verifies writes by reading every write after it is written .
Read - only sharing : Any client can access a file , but not change it .
Read ( r ) : Allows the user to read a file or list the contents of a directory .
Read : The right to run programs to open files and read their contents .
Readers interested in the details of NNTP commands and responses are encouraged to read RFC 977 , which is available at the Web site listed at the end of this topic .
Readers should check the Web sites listed at the end of this section for more information on contract negotiation and service provider information .
Readers should check the Web sites listed under " Information on the Internet " at the end of this section for more information .
Readers should visit the sites listed below to compare the features of the two products .
Readers who want to explore firewall concepts and architecture in more detail should refer to the following books .
Readonly attributes found on most network operating systems prevent users from changing the contents of files or deleting them .
Real - time access to the same data by multiple users must be dealt with .
Real - time applications like videoconferencing require on - time delivery of data .
Real - time delivery is critical for voice and live video to prevent detectable jitter and corruption .
Real - time multimedia applications like videoconferencing need QoS guarantees , but that may translate to reduced bandwidth for other traffic .
Real - time services do not work well on the Internet due to variable queuing delays and congestion losses .
Realms can trust other realms , meaning that if a user is authenticated by an AS in one realm , the trusting realm will not require that the user be reauthenticated to access a server in its realm .
RealNetworks developed the protocol in conjunction with Netscape and submitted it to the IETF ( Internet Engineering Task Force ) for standardization .
RealNetworks is the development of the popular RealAudio , a streaming protocol that drastically reduces the overhead of delivering multimedia over the Internet .
Realtime backups take place at any time and must have a procedure for handling files that are opened by users .
Recall that Ethernet is a shared network topology .
Recall that the underlying LAN might be Ethernet , token ring , or some other topology .
Recently , ibm has implemented CPIC in its Networking Blueprint and included support for OSI and TCP / IP protocols .
Recently , ibm has implemented CPIC in its Open Blueprint , which supports TCP / IP .
Recently , irc has been enhanced by a number of vendors .
Recently , it has developed parallel software to power very large database applications such as data warehousing and information on demand .
Recently , programmers have been using Perl to build CGI ( Common Gateway Interface ) scripts for Web servers .
Recently , the term " telephony " has become synonymous with a variety of services such as voice mail and the integration of telephones and computers .
Recently , using satellites for Internet and Web traffic has gained a lot of attention .
Recently , voice over frame relay has become a hot option .
Recipient encrypts with recipient 's private key .
Recipient encrypts with sender 's public key .
Recipients usually receive a message in a few minutes on the Internet .
Recording is optimized with the Intel i750 Video Processor because video is compressed as it is received rather than being first stored , then compressed .
Recovering from these losses and retransmitting data causes even more congestion .
RED ( Random Early Detection ) : Allows network operators to manage traffic during periods of congestion based on policies .
RED works with TCP to provide fair reductions in traffic proportional to the bandwidth being used .
Redirector software is individually installed at each workstation along with the driver software for the network interface adapter installed in the computer .
Reducing contention and containing broadcasts are key design goals .
Reducing the number of hops reduces packet loss and corruption .
Redundant backbones within a building or redundant wide area connections are part of this recommendation .
Refer to " ATM ( Asynchronous Transfer Mode ) , " " Backbone Networks , " " Gigabit Ethernet , " and " Hubs / Concentrators / MAUs " for additional information .
Refer to " ATM ( Asynchronous Transfer Mode ) " and " Cell Relay " for more information .
Refer to " CORBA ( Common Object Request Broker Architecture ) " and " IIOP ( Internet Inter - ORB Protocol ) " for more information on these technologies .
Refer to " Electronic Commerce " for more information on CommerceNet and Internet - related business transactions .
Refer to " Ethernet " for a general discussion of the Ethernet standard , medium access methods , and other IEEE 802.3 features .
Refer to " IBM " and " SNA ( Systems Network Architecture ) " for more general information .
Refer to " Infrared Technologies " and " IrDA ( Infrared Data Association ) " for more details .
Refer to " Internet Organizations and Committees " in this book for information about how RFCs are developed in the Internet community .
Refer to " Internetworking , " " IP ( Internet Protocol ) , " " Routers , " and " Routing Protocols and Algorithms " for more details .
Refer to " IP ( Internet Protocol ) " for a more detailed discussion .
Refer to " IP ( Internet Protocol ) " for more information about the structure of datagrams and their use on specific networks .
Refer to " Magazine Links " in Appendix A as a start to locating these articles on the Web .
Refer to " NetPC " and " Zero Administration for Windows Initiative " for more details .
Refer to " Network Analyzers " for a discussion of how promiscuous mode is applied .
Refer to " Network Design and Construction " for more information on building structured networks .
Refer to " Public - Key Cryptography , " for more details .
Refer to " Switched Networks , " for more information on how to build these " new " networks .
Refer to " TCP / IP ( Transmission Control Protocol / Internet Protocol ) " for a general overview .
Refer to " Telecommunications Companies " in Appendix A for a list of telecommunication providers .
Refer to " Transaction Processing " for details on how this process works .
Refer to " VPN ( Virtual Private Network ) " for more details .
Refer to " X.400 Message Handling System " for more information .
Refer to the above sections in this book for Web links related to wireless mobile communications .
Refer to the following Web sites for extensive product information and additional information on database systems in general .
Refer to the related entries listed next for more information .
Refer to the related headings in this book for more information .
Reference server : A reference server gets its time from an external source ( such as a radio clock ) .
References are made to the layers of this model throughout this text , so you may want to refer to " OSI ( Open Systems Interconnection ) Model " for more information .
Reflections occur at shorts and breaks , and the time and amplitude of the reflection indicates the distance to the problem .
Registrations are made on a first - come , first - serve basis , but a name that infringes on a registered trademark will be rescinded by NSI if the trademark holder contests the name .
Regular time slots in the ring are allocated for the transmission of data .
Regular users get limited access to the directory so they can locate resources or people in the organization .
Related LAP protocols for other data communication technologies are outlined next .
Related to hacking is cracking ( breaking encryption schemes ) , spoofing ( masquerading as another user to gain access to a system ) , sniffing ( listening to traffic on a network to gain useful information ) , and phreaking ( illegally gaining access to phone lines ) .
Related topics are " ATM ( Asynchronous Transfer Mode ) , " " Gigabit Ethernet , " and " TIA / EIA Structured Cabling Standards . " .
Relay stations equipped with signal amplifiers extend transmissions over much longer distances .
Relaying data between the outside and inside network .
Relevant companies and Web sites are mentioned throughout this topic .
Remember that the ISO has defined its own protocols , but these are not widely used in the industry .
Remote access covers a range of techniques that let home users , mobile users , and remote - office users access resources on a corporate network .
Remote access covers a range of techniques that let home users , mobile users , and remote office users access resources on a corporate network .
Remote access software should let remote users access a network as if they are directly attached to it .
Remote cache Remote users benefit from cached information since it reduces information exchanges across slow links .
Remote connectivity is provided by TCP / IP networking .
Remote control : In this mode , the dial - up user remotely controls a computer that is connected to the corporate network .
Remote e - mail : Windows fully supports electronic mail and provides performance enhancements .
Remote link bridges have ports for analog or digital telecommunication links to connect networks at other locations , as shown on the top in Figure B11 .
Remote node : In this mode , the user 's remote computer becomes another node on the network .
Remote node users can dial in and access network services and information with a point - to - point protocol connection that transports IP or IPX ( Internetwork Packet Exchange ) traffic over the link .
Remote offices are interconnected with virtual circuits through packet - switched , frame - relay , or cell - relay networks that are more economical than private leased - line networks .
Remote sites are connected with two or more lines that take different paths through the communication grid .
Remote users can dial in using a variety of services .
Remote users dial into a local ISP and gain a connection directly to the home gateway over PPTP connections that cross the Internet .
Remote users dial into the access server , and the access server requests authentication services from the RADIUS server .
Remote users with a modem and an analog or cellular line can dial in to the MAX TNT over channelized T1 , ISDN PRI , or channelized T3 access lines .
Remote vaulting is an automatic backup technique that transmits data to alternate sites .
Remotely controlling a computer at the corporate site cuts down on bandwidth requirements .
Repeater : A repeater is an optional device used to join two Ethernet trunks and to strengthen the signals between them .
Repeater hub : A repeater hub is an Ethernet LAN device with multiple 10Base - T twisted - pair connection ports .
Repeater hubs are hardwired to repeat signals only among the attached ports .
Repeater or amplifier devices are used to extend the distance of a network beyond the distance limitation of its cable type .
Repeaters : Extends the limitations of Ethernet cable by boosting the signal .
Repeaters are simple wireconnection devices .
Repeaters are used to regenerate signals by amplifying them but not changing their information content in any way .
Repeaters , bridges , and routers are used to interconnect local area networks .
Repetitive patterns are saved to reconstruct the original , and unmatched data that is considered unimportant is discarded .
Replicating a part of the directory protects it from a server failure and makes the information in that part of the tree more accessible to people near the server where it is replicated .
Replicating and partitioning a database introduces synchronization problems .
Replication : A strategy of duplicating critical files and directories from a server at one location to a server at another location to make that information more accessible to users at the remote location and also to provide redundancy and backup .
Replication : DFS supports replication , nfs does not .
Replication automatically locates replicas of information across multiple locations .
Replication can also minimize traffic by distributing the load to other servers .
Replication can take place while users remain online .
Replication copies information to alternate servers on distributed networks to make that information more readily available to people in other locations .
Replication is a strategy for automatically copying data to other systems for backup reasons or to make that data more accessible to people at other locations .
Replication is often used on the Internet to duplicate information from one Web site to another and thus ease traffic loads on Web servers .
Replication may not ensure real - time synchronization of data , but in many cases ( such as directory services ) that is not essential .
Replication of data to other sites over WAN links is another option .
Replication of server - based information to other servers for backup purposes or to place replicated information closer to users at other locations .
Replication provides a way to copy multiple fragments of the database to multiple sites .
Replication takes place automatically on a periodic basis as files are added to the master directory or as information changes .
Request priority : This is a centralized control access method in which each station is polled one by one by a central device .
Requester software resides in a network - attached workstation .
Requests for data or processing from users are distributed among the systems in the cluster .
Reservation methods : In this scheme , every transmitting device has a specific slot of time or frequency allotted to it .
Reserving bandwidth by setting up a virtual circuit that is used for a specific purpose is a form of prioritization .
Resource managers are system services that ensure that committed updates to data survive failures in communication , processing , or hardware .
Resource reservation : This is simply the ability to reserve a level of service in advance .
Resources are fully shared , and all processors share the same memory and disk space .
Response time can be improved by load - balancing the system .
Responses are then received by the proxy server and sent back through the circuit to the client .
Responses are then received by the proxy server and sent back through the circuit to the client .
Restrict the time the user can log on , thus preventing the user from logging on after hours .
Reversing the encryption is considered impossible .
Review this chart to see how DHCP alleviates problems :
RF networks provide unique solutions for campus and business park environments where links are required across roads , rivers , and physical space ( in general , where it is not practical to run a cable ) .
RFCs are the official publications of the Internet and have been used since 1969 to describe and get comments about protocols , procedures , programs , and concepts .
RFCs are the official publications of the Internet and have been used since 1969 to describe and get comments about protocols , procedures , programs , and concepts .
RG - 58A / U50 - ohm cable used in Ethernet 10Base2 ( Thinnet ) .
RG - 62 / U3 - ohm cable used in ARCNET and to connect IBM 3270 terminals .
Rhapsody includes features such as protected memory , preemptive multitasking , and symmetrical multiprocessing .
Rhapsody joins Mac OS as an option for users and developers , although when this book was going to press , apple was reconsidering Rhapsodys position in its product line .
Rhapsody will also deliver preemptive multitasking , protected memory , and symmetrical multiprocessing capabilities .
Rhapsody will also incorporate Java support by integrating Java Libraries and a Java VM ( Virtual Machine ) .
Rhapsody will implement Internet and multimedia capabilities with a new advanced Mac look and feel .
Rights : Rights control the actions a user can perform on the system , such as logging on from the network , managing printers , or backing up files .
Rights also flow down the directory tree , so MIS will obtain the same rights in any subcontainers of the EastDiv container .
Rights and permissions are discussed next .
Rights are the settings that a user has in a directory that determines what they can do in the directory ( read files , change files , delete files , etc . ) .
Rights include lookup , insert , delete , and administer ( which allows ACL modification ) .
Ring network topology is a closed - loop topology that does not require terminators .
RIP - based routers request routing information from other routers to update their internal tables , respond to route requests from other routers , periodically broadcast their presence to make sure other routers are aware of the internetwork configuration , and broadcast changes in the internetwork configuration when they are detected .
RIP ( Routing Information Protocol ) was one of the first routing protocols to use DVA ( Distance - Vector Algorithm ) .
RIP is a distance - vector routing protocol .
RIP is an interior or intradomain routing protocol that uses the distance - vector routing algorithms .
RIP is an interior or intradomain routing protocol that uses the distance - vector routing algorithms .
RIP is the traditional routing protocol for NetWare , but it is being replaced by NLSP .
RIP is used in TCP / IP and NetWare IPX / SPX ( Internetwork Packet Exchange / Sequenced Packet Exchange ) networks .
RIP is used on the Internet and is common in the NetWare environment as a method for exchanging routing information between routers .
RIP limits the number of hops to 16 and drops packets that need to travel farther .
RIP version 2 is an extension of the original RIP protocol that provides extensions to the message format which allows routers to share important additional information used for authentication , multicasting , and other features .
RISC ( Reduced Instruction Set Computer ) designs , as the name implies , have a reduced set of instructions that improves the efficiency of the processor but requires more complex external programs .
RISC designs , as the name implies , have a reduced set of instructions that improve the efficiency of the processor , but require more complex external programming .
RISC designs are based on work performed at IBM by John Cocke , who found that about 20 percent of a computer 's instructions did about 80 percent of the work .
RISC designs are based on work performed at IBM by John Cocke .
RLL ( run length limited ) : Represents bit patterns as codes , which can be stored with fewer changes in magnetic flux , improving on MFM storage capabilities by 50 percent .
RMI can be used between Java clients and Java servers .
RMI is an API for the Java development environment that provides a way for Java applets to cooperate across networks .
RMI provides service similar to an ORB ( object request broker ) but it does not have the functionality or the heterogeneous features of CORBA .
RMI provides the tools that programmers need to create distributed Java applications that can invoke methods on other Java applications that are running on other Java virtual machines , such as remote hosts across the Internet .
RMON ( Remote Monitoring ) is an extension that provides better management features at the location of the devices that are actually being monitored .
RMON 2 can also provide information about end - to - end traffic flows .
RMON 2 expands on the features of the original RMON by providing support all the way up to the application layer .
RMON has the following groups that enable managers to obtain more detailed information about specific activities :
RMON is a MIB extension that collects information about entire network segments .
RMON is an IETF network monitoring and analysis standard similar to SNMP ( Simple Network Management Protocol ) that was developed to overcome some of the limitations of SNMP .
RMs are typically tied to relational databases .
Rotation speed : This is the speed at which the disk platters spin .
Route attributes such as the cost or security of a path are also added .
Route servers are routers or embedded functions in ATM switches that calculate routes in the network .
Route servers provide routing information to ISPs and a boost in throughput that allows ISPs to deliver their customers 'data more efficiently through the Internet .
Route servers support routing protocols like RIP ( Routing Information Protocol ) and OSPF ( Open Shortest Path First ) so they can communicate routing information to other route servers and traditional routers .
Router - connected networks are more secure in this respect because they separate networks into individual broadcast domains that contain traffic and can be used to control traffic that passes beyond the routers .
Router A then forwards the packet to router B or F , depending on a number of conditions , such as the current network load or predefined rules .
Router AB then forwards packets to Router BC .
Router B or F forwards the packet to router C or E , which in turn forwards the packet to D .
Router manufacturers must RSVP - enable their routers .
Routers ( originally called gateways ) provided this encapsulation service .
Routers : Provide a way to connect multiple LANs together to create internetworks .
Routers allow each interconnected network to retain its subnetwork address , broadcast characteristics , and so on , but each network can still communicate through the router connections with other networks .
Routers along the circuit don't need to make routing decisions because the direction of flow has already been established .
Routers along the way may make routing decisions about the path a datagram should take to reach its destination , based on traffic conditions or downed lines .
Routers are also an essential part of the WAN interconnection .
Routers are interested in the network address , so they reverse the process to extract the network portion of the IP address .
Routers are internetworking devices .
Routers are often used in conjunction with gateways to build a multitiered defense system , although many commercial firewall products may provide all the functionality you need .
Routers are required to move packets from one ELAN to another , but routers are notoriously slow .
Routers are responsible for determining the next hop that will get a packet to its destination , not the complete path to the destination .
Routers are still needed to transmit packets among different VLANs .
Routers are the switches that direct packets over one path or another based on stored information that indicates the best path to a destination .
Routers are used to interconnect the different networks and encapsulate the packets .
Routers check this server before reserving bandwidth .
Routers connect each of the existing networks into this backbone .
Routers examine the IP address and determine the port on which to forward the packet .
Routers exchange BACP messages to negotiate link requirements for providing extra bandwidth or to take lines down when extra bandwidth is no longer needed .
Routers exchange information about paths with one another and put this information in tables .
Routers in this scheme must be multicast enabled .
Routers inform other routers of their cost assignments , and these neighboring routers add up the costs to come up with a figure that is used to determine the most efficient route through a network .
Routers join the autonomous networks of the Internet .
Routers may also be programmed with routes by administrators .
Routers may also connect two LANs within an organization .
Routers move packets among networks as necessary .
Routers must be multicast enabled to use this feature .
Routers obtain information about the router from other routers and then build extensive tables that define the best way to route packets .
Routers on connectionless networks do not keep complete information about how to reach all possible destinations on the network .
Routers on the network must be multicast - enabled to take advantage of these features .
Routers only forward frames that are specifically addressed to devices on other networks .
Routers periodically broadcast packets to neighboring routers that contain the most current routing table information .
Routers provide the following important services :
Routers provide the traffic control that delivers packets to the right destination .
Routers run routing protocols to discover neighboring routers and the networks attached to them .
Routers running NLSP exchange information about network links , the cost of paths , ipx network numbers , and media types .
Routers set up multicasting among themselves , but a router only does multicasting if some host on its attached network has requested to be a member of a multicast group .
Routers store the information in tables and then look it up to determine an optimal path through the network for packets .
Routers then forward the packets to the appropriate network .
Routers then learn these addresses .
Routers use protocols to communicate with other routers to obtain information about the topology of the network .
Routers use routing protocols and algorithms to dynamically map the network topology and share that information with one another .
Routers with no group members return a " prune " message , which essentially prevents further multicast messages for that group from reaching the router .
Routers within an autonomous system are called interior routers , and routers that interconnect autonomous systems are called exterior routers .
Routers without any need to be part of a particular multicast do not get involved , in order to avoid unnecessary traffic .
Routes can be based on the avoidance of congested areas , the speed of a line , the cost of using a line , or various priorities .
Routes can be based on the avoidance of congested areas , the speed of a line , the cost of using a line , or various priorities .
Routing allows administrators to put security policies in place as well , such as packet - filtering techniques as discussed under " Firewall . " .
Routing Arbiter The Routing Arbiter provides master routing tables for all the routers connected to the NAPs and other Internet exchanges , thus eliminating the need for routers to exchange routing information with every other router .
Routing becomes a bottleneck and virtual circuits that provide QoS ( quality of service ) between two nodes are not possible .
Routing decisions are based on the least number of " hops " to a destination .
Routing information is exchanged among routers approximately every 30 seconds .
Routing information is organized so each routing device only needs to keep enough information to guide packets to the next most important router .
Routing is an activity that takes place in the network layer ( layer 3 ) relative to the OSI protocol stack .
Routing is an essential component in a VLAN environment .
Routing is disabled between the network interface cards in the dual - homed system so that the application - level software can control how traffic is handled between networks .
Routing is necessary with VLANs to contain broadcasts and add security .
Routing is required to send packets on internetworks that consist of separate subnetworks .
Routing protocols are used between routers as a way to update routers about the current state of the network .
Routing protocols provide the all - important mechanism of finding the most efficient path through a network .
Routing protocols were developed to handle the creation of routing tables .
Routing services are performed in a single MPOA routing server , so edge devices do not need to include the circuitry or software to perform those services ; however some argue that routing in edge devices is more efficient .
Routing switch : A routing switch is a new class of router that uses specially designed ASICs ( application - specific integrated circuits ) that can perform routing at multigigabit speeds .
Routing tables are created as normal .
Routing tables include network numbers , port numbers , cost metrics , and the address of the next hop .
RPC ( remote procedure call ) : A session - oriented communication protocol between computers connected across networks .
RPC models have been developed by Sun Microsystems , by the OSF ( Open Software Foundation ) , and by Microsoft for its Windows environment .
RPCs ( remote procedure calls ) : RPCs provide methods for linking clients and servers across networks .
RPCs ( remote procedure calls ) are the underlying communication infrastructure .
RPCs are generally used for real - time , connection - oriented activities .
RPCs are required in applications where a procedure must not continue until it receives the information it needs from the remote system .
RPCs are sometimes called coupling mechanisms .
RPCs are tools for creating client / server applications that can run procedures on other computers attached to a network .
RPCs first appeared on Sun Microsystems and Hewlett - Packard computers running under the UNIX operating system .
RPCs get around this problem by tagging calls with a description of the calling machine 's basic data representation .
RPCs let clients interact with multiple servers and allow servers to handle multiple clients simultaneously .
RPCs provide connection - oriented links between applications in client / server environments , while MOM is generally connectionless .
RPCs provide the communication mechanism for a client to communicate its requests for service to a back - end server .
RPCs require tight integration between applications and the network .
RPCs tend to operate in real time because the calling program usually waits until it receives a response from the called program .
RS - 232 - C is often substituted for the X.21 interface .
RS - 449 allows longer cable distances .
RS - 449 allows longer cable distances .
RSA Data Security helped establish the S / WAN initiative in 1995 to provide an industry forum for interoperability and standardized implementation of IPSec .
RSA Data Security is working with CAPI , and Intel may layer CDSA on top of it .
RSA Data Security was founded in 1982 by Rivest , Shamir , and Adleman , the inventors of the RSA public - key cryptosystem .
RSA Data Systems promotes S / MIME and VeriSign has set up a certificate hierarchy that supports S / MIME .
RSA technologies are part of existing and proposed standards for the Internet and World Wide Web , ITU ( International Telecommunication Union ) , ISO ( International Organization for Standardization ) , ANSI ( American National Standards Institute ) , IEEE ( Institute of Electrical and Electronic Engineers ) , as well as business , financial and electronic commerce networks around the globe .
RSA 's S / MIME was the front runner until September , 1997 , when the IETF rejected it due to RSA 's licensing and royalty fee requirements .
RST ( reset ) When set , the connection is invalid for a number of reasons and must be reset .
RSVP ( Resource Reservation Protocol ) : IP hosts have traditionally had no way to request a particular QoS ( quality of service ) .
RSVP ( Resource Reservation Protocol ) is a protocol that provides a way for someone to reserve a certain amount of bandwidth through the Internet for a videoconference or other real - time session .
RSVP ( Resource Reservation Protocol ) is a signaling protocol that attempts to reserve bandwidth from router to router in an RSVP - enabled network .
RSVP ( Resource Reservation Protocol ) is an example .
RSVP ( Resource Reservation Protocol ) is another method for guaranteeing delivery of real - time information .
RSVP ( Resource Reservation Protocol ) is recommended .
RSVP allows a host to request a QoS level from the network .
RSVP is an attempt to provide QoS to the Internet and other TCP / IP networks .
RSVP is an Internet protocol for delivering data on time and in order on TCP / IP networks .
RSVP is discussed further under " RSVP ( Resource Reservation Protocol ) . .
RSVP is discussed further under " RSVP ( Resource Reservation Protocol ) . " .
RSVP is mostly a router - to - router protocol in which one router requests that another router set aside a certain bandwidth for a specific transmission .
RSVP provides bandwidth reservation on the Internet and a way to bill users who need more bandwidth for special requirements .
RSVP then sets about establishing a reserved path through the network , going to each router in turn and requesting that it reserve bandwidth for the user 's traffic .
RSVP 's job is to establish and maintain bandwidth reservations on a network .
RTP ( Real - time Transport Protocol ) is a protocol that works in conjunction with multicasting to transport real - time audio , video simulation data , and other information over multicast networks .
RTP provides a way to deliver delay - sensitive real - time data such as live audio and video from end station to end station across the Internet or intranets .
RTP will run on top of UDP ( User Datagram Protocol ) and uses UDP as a delivery mechanism .
RTSP is a protocol for streaming data across the Internet and intranets .
RTSP is available on most popular computer platforms .
Run - length compression : Expands on the null compression technique by compressing any series of four or more repeating characters .
Running cable from each site back to a central site is costly , so the alternative is to install a single network such as an FDDI ring throughout the campus .
RZ ( return - to - zero ) : In this scheme , the voltage state returns to zero after a signal state .
S - HTTP ( Secure HTTP ) is a similar protocol that encrypts only at the HTTP ( Hypertext Transfer Protocol ) level , while SSL encrypts all data being passed between client and server at the IP socket level .
S - HTTP ( Secure Hypertext Transfer Protocol ) : A version of the HTTP protocol that encrypts HTTP message exchanges between client and server .
S - HTTP ( Secure Hypertext Transfer Protocol ) goes a step further by providing a way to attach digital signatures to Web pages , thus verifying to users that the pages are indeed from the intended source .
S - HTTP is a secure version of HTTP that is designed to coexist with HTTP and provide a variety of security mechanisms that can secure transactions between Web clients and servers .
S - HTTP is especially useful for encrypting forms - based information as it passes between clients and servers .
S - HTTP only encrypts HTTP - level messages at the application layer .
S - HTTP provides a lot of flexibility in terms of what cryptographic algorithms and modes of operation can be used .
S - HTTP works in conjunction with HTTP to enable clients and servers to engage in private and secure transactions .
S / MIME ( Secure MIME ) is an RSA Data Security specification for securing electronic mail .
S / MIME : Provides secure message transmission .
S / MIME is a de facto standard for securing mail messages that can replace PGP ( Pretty Good Privacy ) and PEM ( Privacy - Enhanced Mail ) .
S / MIME is an extension of the popular MIME ( Multipurpose Internet Mail Extension ) electronic mail standard that adds security to protect against interception and e - mail forgery .
S / MIME uses the RSA ( Rivest , Shamir , Adleman ) public - key algorithms for key exchange , making it easy for people to exchange keys , even if they have never met .
S / WAN 's goal is to help companies build secure firewall - to - firewall connections over the Internet between their company sites or between business partners .
S / WAN is an initiative of RSA Data Security , in conjunction with leading firewall and TCP / IP stack vendors .
S / WAN uses the IETF 's IPSec specification as the basis for implementing interoperability among different firewall and TCP / IP products .
SAA is a set of application , communication , and user - interface specifications for IBM mainframe operating systems such as VM , MVS , midrange operating systems like OS / 400 ( for IBM AS / 400 series ) , and OS / 2 for desktop systems .
SAG ( SQL Access Group ) and the X / Open Group : Consortiums of database vendors that are enforcing SQL ( Structured Query Language ) standards for accessing databases across multi vendor systems .
Sag : When circuits become overloaded , the power drops may be below the required level , causing a sag or dropout .
Samba includes a NetBIOS name server , which provides the naming service required to browse for shared resources with user - friendly names .
Samba is a suite of programs that provides the same resource - sharing services as Microsoft 's SMB ( Server Message Blocks ) .
Samba is available for download from the Web site listed below .
Samba provides compatible SMB services for UNIX , NetWare , OS / 2 , and VMS environments .
Samba was originally created by Andrew Tridgell , but it was expanded as a community effort by its users .
SAP filtering can be used to reduce the amount of network traffic generated by SAP , hide servers by filtering their SAP packets , and reduce or eliminate SAP traffic from rarely used servers .
SAP is a legacy protocol that has been used in almost all versions of NetWare .
SAP is similar to RIP in that it enables network devices to exchange information about their availability on the network .
SAP is used by NetWare servers , print servers , gateways , and other service providers on a NetWare network to advertise their services .
SAP traffic is usually excessive on large networks and can flood a WAN with unnecessary traffic that drives up WAN costs .
SAPs ( service access points ) are the connection points that entities in adjacent layers use to communicate messages ; they are like addresses that entities in other layers or other systems can use when sending messages to a system .
Satellite communication systems receive and transmit signals between earth - based stations and space satellites , as pictured in Figure S - 1 .
Satellite systems provide the same features at much wider distances .
Satellites can help relieve Internet congestion and bring the Internet to countries that do not have an existing network structure .
Savvy entrepreneurs like Alexander Graham Bell built telephone companies so customers could run their wires to a single location and let operators connect them with other phones via a manually operated switching system .
Scalability : The ability to scale the system up to handle more clients on an as - needed basis .
Scanners are devices that record the differences in dark and light areas in photographs and convert them to digital values .
Schedule all of your backups during hours when fewer files are likely to be open .
Schools , companies , and ISPs ( Internet service providers ) maintain Internet - connected POP servers that allow people all over the world to exchange mail .
Screening routers can look at information related to the hardwired address of a computer , its IP address ( network layer ) , and even the types of connections ( transport layer ) , and then filter packets based on that information .
Scripting languages are ActiveX Script and JavaScript .
Scripting languages are ActiveX Script and JavaScript .
Scripts can call up additional pages associated with a Web page , such as a table of contents .
SCSI - 2 features and enhancements include the following :
SCSI - 3 supports a parallel interface , Fibre Channel , Firewire ( IEEE 1394 ) , SSA ( Serial Storage Architecture ) , and a variety of packet interfaces .
SCSI ( pronounced scuzzy ) is a disk interface system that is focused on a host adapter .
SCSI ( Small Computer System Interface ) : A pervasive disk and peripheral connection standard with data rates up to 40 Mbits / sec .
SCSI ( Small Computer System Interface ) : SCSI has been a standard disk drive interface since the early days of desktop computers .
SCSI designers are working on faster data transfer rates ( up into the 160 - MB / sec range ) and bus lengths beyond 25 meters .
SCSI devices are smart devices with their own control circuitry .
SCSI has gone through three standards processes .
SDH is a CCITT recommendation .
SDH is the ITU standard for a synchronous optical network that supports multiple gigabit - per - second transmission speeds over fiber - optic cable .
SDLC is an IBM - defined Data Link Control protocol developed in the 1970s for communication over wide area links to IBM host systems in SNA ( Systems Network Architecture ) environments .
SDLC is based on synchronous , bit - oriented operations as compared to byte - oriented protocols such as BISYNC ( Binary Synchronous Communications ) .
SDLC uses a typical frame format in which information is bounded by flags to separate each frame .
SDLC was the successful follow - up to the BISYNC communication protocol and was originally introduced with IBM SNA ( Systems Network Architecture ) products .
SDN allows customers to use portions of AT &amp; T 's switched network in concert with their dedicated private line networks to get the wide area network access they need .
SDN is quite extensive and readers are encouraged to visit AT &amp; T 's Web site ( http : / / www . att . com ) for additional information .
SDSL ( Symmetrical Digital Subscriber Line ) : SDSL is a symmetrical , bidirectional DSL service that is basically the same as HDSL but operates on one twisted - pair wire .
Search agents : On large networks such as the Internet , special agents can search the network , looking for resources that match specific search criteria .
Search commands are available that let users find messages based on their header , subject , or content information .
Search engines are especially adept at locating information on Web pages .
Search engines such as DEC 's AltaVista ( http : / / www . altavista . digital . com ) can provide Internet searching through literally millions of Web documents that DEC has already indexed .
Search method : Users can query the directory services interface to find resources that have a particular class of services , or users with specific roles , such as " trainer " or manager .
Second , the different classes support organizations of different sizes as will become clear .
Secret - key cryptography is suited for environments where keys can be exchanged safely and easily .
Secure networking is defined in the " Red Book , " which is titled " Trusted Network Interpretation " .
Secure networking is defined in the " Red Book " or in " Trusted Network Interpretation . " .
Secure transactions are critical for electronic commerce on the Internet .
SecurID , a token from Security Dynamics , uses a time - based technique in which the device displays a number that changes every minute in synchronization with a security server at the corporate site .
Securing a session usually requires that the user or the Web site have a certificate that is issued by a CA ( certificate authority ) , such as VeriSign ( www . verisign . com ) .
Security : DFS supports encrypted login and data transmission .
Security : How to protect your network .
Security : User access rights , directory rights , and file rights all deal with restricting user access to specific files , directories , and servers .
Security features in NFS include an authentication and authorization service to check user IDs and access rights before allowing them to access a file .
Security features include support for public keys and Kerberos Version 5 .
Security features specified in X.400 include source authentication , proof of correct delivery and receipt , detection of unauthorized users , protection against message alteration during transit , and other features .
Security features such as authentication , authorization , logon restrictions , and access controls .
Security features such as authentication and authorization , as well as trust relationships between systems so users can access multiple servers and databases without the need to prove their identity every time they access a remote resource .
Security has increased overall on the Internet .
Security is all about protecting data and data systems .
Security mechanisms for controlling access to information according to users and groups .
Security on public networks is provided by using cryptographic techniques .
Security services provide a range of services and protocols for electronic commerce , including private communications , authentication , security in business transactions , electronic cash management , password - based authentication , and access controls .
See " Authentication and Authorization " for more information .
See " Client / Server Computing , " " Web Middleware and Database Connectivity , " and " Web Technologies and Concepts . .
See " CORBA ( Common Object Request Broker Architecture ) , " " DCOM ( Distributed Component Object Model ) , " and " ORB ( Object Request Broker ) " for more information about this new model .
See " DCE ( Distributed Computing Environment ) , The Open Group " for an example of middleware that supports building heterogeneous networks .
See " Distributed Applications " and " Distributed Database " for more information on this subject .
See " Document Management " for a discussion of services for storing , tracking , versioning , indexing , and searching for documents , as well as providing " audit trails " to track who has read and altered a document , if necessary .
See " Fault Tolerance " for additional information . Clustering techniques are similar to server mirroring , except that multiple servers are grouped together to provide data storage and multisystem processing .
See " Internetworking " and " IP ( Internet Protocol ) " for more information about internetworks and internetwork addressing .
See " Netscape ONE Development Environment " for an example of a development environment that takes advantage of Web protocols .
See " Novell IntranetWare " and " Novell NetWare " for more information about these products .
See " Novell IntranetWare " for information about the intranet product .
See " OS / 2 Warp " and " OS / 2 Warp Server " for more information , or visit IBM 's OS / 2 Warp Web site at http : / / www . software . ibm . com / os / warp .
See " SNMP ( Simple Network Management Protocol ) " for more details about this management standard .
See " WBEM ( Web - Based Enterprise Management ) " for more information .
See Appendix A for information about telecommunications companies , vendors , and other online resources .
See ATM ( Asynchronous Transfer Mode ) , prioritization of Network Traffic , and QoS ( Quality of Service ) .
See Figure C - 14 , latas were defined during the split - up of AT &amp; T .
See files : This privilege lets other users see the files within a volume or folder , but not change them .
See folders : This privilege lets other users see , but not change , the folders ontained within a volume or within another folder .
See Microsoft Exchange Server for more information , or visit http : / / www . microsoft . com .
See the next heading , " Traditional Carrier - Based Voice VPN , " in this topic for more details .
Seek time : This is the amount of time it takes for the read / write head to move one - third of the way across the disk .
Seek times are around 85 milliseconds and transfer rates are in the 700 - Kbit / sec range .
Seek times for server drives should be between 8 and 12 milliseconds .
Segmented bus : In this design , the multibus design is divided into segments and joined with common connectors .
Segments have a 20 - byte header and a variable - length Data field .
Select newsgroups and articles can be blocked .
Sender broadcasts a request on its own local network that it wants to send a message to destination .
Sender builds a message with the MAC address of the router and destination 's IP address .
Sender types message at mail interface connected to UA .
Senders and receivers will not always have the same ability to revive and process packets .
Sending an IP multicast packet from one mrouter to another may involve sending those packets across urouters , but urouters dont know how to handle IP multicast packets .
Sending encrypted messages to someone is simple .
Sending program data to an interplanetary spacecraft comes to mind .
Separate data management and data processing tasks into different processes .
Separate from DCOM and CORBA , Sun Microsystems is developing RMI ( Remote Message Invocation ) , a mechanism that lets Java objects communicate over networks using the same methods used to communicate locally .
Separating segments reduces the chances that errors or disruptions in one segment will affect another segment .
Sequence number : This field contains information for the receiver , which is a sequential number that identifies the data in the segment and where it belongs in the stream of data that has already been sent .
Sequence numbers are also used to reorder packets that arrive out of sequence .
Sequencing is a feature of transport layer protocols such as TCP .
Sequencing is a technique for numbering datagrams so the receiver can put them back into the correct order and determine if datagrams are missing .
Sequent 's NUMA - Quad systems use this technique .
Serial buses have a number of advantages over parallel buses .
Serial communication equipment and interfaces transmit signals across point - to - point data links .
Serial connection methods are discussed under " Serial Communication and Interfaces . " .
Serial ports on a PC are usually 9 - pin ( DB - 9 ) or 25 - pin ( DB - 25 ) connectors called COM1 to COM4 .
Serial ports on PCs are almost always used to connect modems , although they may be used to connect monitoring equipment , remote terminals , or remote control devices .
Server - bound mail boxes that let users keep messages in a central location for later referral .
Server - to - server exchanges : In the server - to - server exchange , one server either requests the latest articles from another server ( pull ) or allows the other server to push new articles to it .
Server centers can be staffed full time and have backup power supplies and fire - extinguishing systems .
Server duplexing : This method provides fault tolerance by duplicating the entire file server .
Server events , such as changing the date and time , downing the server , and mounting or dismounting volumes .
Server mirroring provides the same functionality , except that an entire server is duplicated .
Server processes basically wait in a standby mode until they are requested by some client to provide a service .
Server processes run on server computers and host the execution of application components .
Server systems and superservers are specifically designed to support multiple processors .
Servers : Information about network server devices .
Servers accept requests from clients and try to satisfy those requests .
Servers do most of the processing .
Servers equipped with Gigabit Ethernet NICs must potentially handle over a million packets ( and thus interrupts ) per second .
Servers mount or publish directories that client machines can access .
Servers provide services to many clients , so they must be powerful systems to maintain performance .
Servers respond to queries with an appropriate answer or with a pointer to another LDAP server that can handle the query .
Service providers can put their production systems ( i . e . server farms ) at a major hub of the Internet and receive system management and administration services .
Service providers most likely have access points into their frame relay networks near your offices if they are located in metropolitan areas .
Services cover most of the United States , with relatively low transmission speeds of 8 Kbits / sec .
Services provided , such as virus checking , software distribution , software and hardware inventory , and server - to - server replication .
Services provided typically include X.25 , frame relay , and ATM ( Asynchronous Transfer Mode ) .
Services provided typically include X.25 , frame relay , and even ATM .
Services provided within a LATA are called intraLATA services .
Services such as application logic , information retrieval , transaction monitoring , data presentation , and management may each run on different computers on the network .
Services such as application logic , information retrieval , transaction monitoring , data presentation , and management may run on different computers that communicate with one another to provide end users with a seamless application interface .
Session control : Commands that start and end a redirector connection to shared resources at a server .
Session control messages are used by end systems to exchange status information about the session .
Session setup and termination for connection - oriented transmissions .
Sessions are connection - oriented .
SET ( Secure Electronic Transaction ) : An industry standard protocol for securing credit card transactions between cardholders , merchants , and financial institutions .
SET includes a negotiation layer that negotiates the type of payment method , protocols , and transports .
SET is designed to secure credit card transactions by authenticating cardholders , merchants , and banks and by preserving the confidentiality of payment data .
Set options in user accounts that force users to change their passwords at a predetermined interval , prevent them from reusing recent passwords , or require them to use passwords that haven't been used before .
SET requires digital signatures to verify that the customer , the merchant , and the bank are legitimate .
SET requires digital signatures to verify that the customer , the merchant , and the bank are legitimate .
SET secures credit card transactions by authenticating cardholders , merchants , and banks and by preserving the confidentiality of payment data .
Set security policies , including privacy , authentication , data integrity , and nonrepudiation options .
Set up " quarantine computers " that are isolated from other computers .
Setting a specific wait period is not always a good idea since the network may consists of subnetworks that have different delivery times or congestion problems .
Setting alarms that warn of performance degradation on servers , routers , and wide area network links .
Setting alarms that warn of resource usage problems , such as a server that is almost out of disk space .
Setting threshold conditions that can warn you with alarms of conditions on the network that may cause failures .
Setting up a circuit between the client and the proxy server .
Setting up a TCP connection - oriented session would take too much time in proportion to the data to send .
Setting up an extranet requires a lot of coordination between the partners involved .
Setting up VCs requires that each switch along the path determine whether it has enough capacity to handle the circuit .
Several additional file protocols have been developed for the Web .
Several compression standards for handling multimedia information are described here :
Several designs are outlined here and pictured in Figure H - 10 .
Several industry organizations have been formed to standardize and promote smart - card usage ( see Information on the Internet below ) .
Several initiatives and standards are under development .
Several initiatives and standards are under development for this type of connection .
Several modulation techniques are possible , but the most efficient can produce a data rate of up to 36 Mbits / sec .
Several of the most important techniques are described in the next section .
Several routing algorithms are used or proposed to ensure that packets are delivered along the most efficient paths , as outlined here :
Several solutions have been proposed .
Several technologies have been developed , including integrated services over shared and switched LAN technology , as well as ATM networks .
Several vendors have concentrated on improving their routers .
Several Web sites are listed under " Information on the Internet , " at the end of this section .
SFD ( start frame delimiter ) : This field indicates the actual start of the frame itself and always contains the bit pattern 10101011 .
SFT ( System Fault Tolerance ) : Provides redundancy in hardware by allowing administrators to duplicate disk controllers and mirror hard drives .
SFT is the fault - tolerant system built into NetWare operating systems .
SGML documents contain attributes to define components like paragraphs and headers , thus making the documents hardware and software independent .
SGML goes beyond simple document formatting by defining document structures and relationships .
SGML is a portable document language that defines the structure and content of a document .
SGML is an open standard markup language for adding tags to text documents that indicate how documents should be formatted .
Shared - memory switch : In this switch , incoming data is stored in a shared memory area , then forwarded to another port .
Shared discussion databases , similar to bulletin board chat sessions , are also supported in Exchange so that people can have a place to field and discuss ideas .
Shared discussion databases provide a perfect place to exchange ideas .
Shared Ethernet networks will experience increased collisions as more and more users attempt to transmit .
Shared file systems differ in the way they handle concurrent writes .
Shared LANs use broadcast , while ATM uses point to point connections .
Shortcut routing just takes advantage of this direct connection after first establishing the path of the route .
Should a server fail , a replication server can take its place .
Should one drive fail , the parity drive provides the information to fill in the missing bits from the lost drive and rebuild the data .
Should one line fail , the other can take up the slack until the failed line is restored .
Should one of the drives in the array fail , the data can be reconstructed with parity information that is stored on the drives .
Should one of the servers fail in the cluster , the other servers can take over its load .
Should one of the servers go down , the others take up the processing load .
Side - by - side machine replacement in case of desktop hardware failure .
SIG ( SMDS Interest Group ) is an association of local and long - distance telecommunications carriers , smds product vendors , service providers , and end users .
Signal transmissions over long distances are subject to attenuation , a loss of signal strength or amplitude .
Signaling in the channel requires 8,000 bits / sec , leaving 56 Kbits / sec for actual voice data .
Signaling on the cable is limited to the 4,000 Hz bandwidth between 300 Hz and 3,100 Hz 
Signals are broadcast to all stations , but packets are received only by the station to which they are addressed .
Signals from multiple users on a network can be multiplexed through the X.25 interface into the packet - switched network and delivered to different remote sites .
Signed objects : Provides verification that software applications and Java applets are authentic and safe to run .
Silence suppression allows the gateway to reduce the call to about 6 Kbits / sec .
Silicon Graphics ' CRAY Origin2000 : A cache - coherent , numa supercomputer based on the MIPS R10000 processor .
Silicon Graphics eventually bought Cray and has been reviving its supercomputer designs .
Silicon Graphics POWER CHALLENGE array : A networked array of bus - based shared - memory supercomputers based on MIPS R8000 and MIPS R10000 processors .
Similar devices might be mounted on the backs of airplane seats .
Similar devices should be attached to workstations if possible .
Similar environments are discussed under " IBM Network Computing Framework , " " Microsoft BackOffice , " and " Novell IntranetWare . .
Similar grandiose efforts have failed in the past , it claims .
Similar repeater hubs can be attached to create a hierarchical wiring scheme as shown on the left in Figure E - 10 .
Similar software converts the standard formats back into the proprietary document standards used by the receiving trading partner .
Similarly , ideas can be shared and discussed companywide .
Simple password systems are relatively safe for small in - house systems that are not connected to external networks and where everyone trusts everyone else .
Simulation and monitoring tools for preproduction testing and in - process monitoring and auditing .
Simultaneous access to the cable is either prevented by using a token - passing method or a carrier sensing and collision detection method .
Since a broadcast network implies a shared network , there must be some way to limit the amount of time that a single node can broadcast .
Since a DFS tree can be built to cover an entire enterprise , the backup software can back up this single " tree , " no matter how many servers / shares are part of the tree .
Since a proxy server handles all packets for internal users , it is fairly easy to perform such things as virus scanning , content filtering , and access control .
Since components are generally designed to be reusable , a component may appear in many different applications .
Since few people have any desire to keep track of IP addresses , dns is considered a very valuable service .
Since it authenticates users , application servers are relieved of this task .
Since MAN is an 802.x standard like Ethernet , token ring , and token bus , it fits in well with common local area network technology , but the MAN is designed for very large and fast networks based on fiber - optic cables that span up to 50 kilometers .
Since many people shared the same trunk line , you were likely to hear another conversation taking place if you picked up the phone , at which point you would need to wait until those callers were finished before you could make your call .
Since Microsoft now has control over multi user capabilities in Windows , citrix has begun to develop other market opportunities .
Since most network operating systems now support TCP / IP , they also include a ping utility .
Since multiple VLANs exist , routers are needed to move packets between VLANs .
Since only two of the pairs are used , the other two are available for other uses or future expansion .
Since TCP / IP is now the de facto standard for both internal networks ( intranets ) and the Internet , it is the protocol discussed here .
Since the bastion host is basically connected to the Internet , hackers will target it .
Since the data is broadcast , the transmitting station can listen for its own broadcasts .
Since the DTD defines how the associated document will look , the DTD can be changed to alter the document 's appearance .
Since the early 1990s , ATM ( Asynchronous Transfer Mode ) has been considered the ultimate network architecture .
Since the line is always on , you would think the RBOCs ( regional Bell operating companies ) would price the services high , but recent quotes for services that offer the same throughput as a T1 line were under $ 150 per month .
Since the message is broadcast , all DHCP servers can receive it .
Since the NC runs Java and Web software , virtually any processor can be used .
Since the network is shared , some users may not be using the bandwidth they have been allocated .
Since the processors use shared memory and disk space , all processing output can be put in a place where the other processors can easily access it if necessary .
Since the sender 's public key is the only key that can open the document , the receiver is assured that it is authentic , has not been tampered with , and that the sender cannot repudiate it .
Since the tape is twice as big as DAT tape , it can hold twice their capacity .
Since then , cisco has grown steadily .
Since there are eight slots per frame and 124 frequency channels , the system can theoretically support 992 users ; however , some of these channels cannot be used if they conflict with a frequency currently being used in an adjacent cell .
Since there are four different wave types , as shown here , it is possible to represent four different bit values ( 00,01 , 10 , 11 ) per pulse :
Since there is only one channel , only one system can send and the other system must wait .
Since they provide a centralized location where internal users access the Internet , the proxy server can cache frequently accessed documents from sites on the Internet and make them quickly available for other internal users that need the documents .
Since token ring is a ring network made up of point - to - point connections between each station , the frame of data that a sender puts on the network goes from one station to the next until it reaches its destination .
Since towers transmit in roughly circular patters that may vary due to elevation or lack of obstructions , there may be some overlap of signals between cells . Therefore , no adjoining cells can ever use the same frequency .
Since your public key is the only key that can do this , your friend knows the message came from you ( at least in theory ) .
Single - ended and high - powered differential are not defined at Ultra2 speeds .
Single - index monomode fiber cable is used to span extremely long distances .
Single - threaded concurrency framework , object persistence ( to save states for later use ) , and support for multiple localized versions of application resources .
Single attached devices cannot do this bridging , but they are cheaper .
Single NIC / multiple protocols : This configuration allows a system to communicate over the same network using multiple network protocols , such as IPX and TCP / IP .
Site - to - site connections : A connection that tunnels large amounts of traffic between two network sites .
SiteExpress from McAfee Associates : A PC - based distribution package that includes an inventory application .
Sites that use IIOP will be implementing CORBA to provide communication between objects on your computer and objects on remote computers .
Six long - distance leased lines are used to create this network , resulting in an astronomical phone bill .
Sliding - window size : Transmits information about how much space is available in the receiver 's buffers .
SLIP ( Serial Line Interface Protocol ) : SLIP is a data link control facility for transmitting IP packets , usually between an ISP ( Internet service provider ) and a home user over a dial - up link .
SLIP ( Serial Line Internet Protocol ) is one , and PPP ( Point - to - Point Protocol ) is the other .
SLIP can provide connections between hosts , routers , and workstations over communication lines that support most modem speeds , including new 56K modems .
SLIP has some limitations , including a lack of any error - detection and correction mechanisms .
SLIP was designed earlier than PPP .
Slow death : Equipment that is repeatedly subjected to low - energy surges will fail over time .
Slow machines like older PCs don't benefit from burst mode because they cannot transfer information over their own bus fast enough to keep up with burst mode .
Small microprocessor circuitry is especially susceptible .
Small networks that consist of a few LAN segments will probably benefit more from a coaxial Ethernet backbone .
Smaller cell sizes translate to lower power requirements for portable devices and thus smaller batteries .
Smart cards are often used as token authentication devices that generate access codes for secure systems .
Smart cards have gained rapid industry acceptance in all sorts of applications .
Smart cards may also track digital cash .
SMB ( Server Message Blocks ) : SMB is Microsoft 's traditional shared file system that runs on Windows 3.x , Windows 95 , and Windows NT platforms .
SMB is a high - level protocol for sharing resources in the Microsoft Windows environment .
SMB is also widely available in the UNIX and VMS environments in the form of Samba .
SMB provides redirector services that allow a client to locate files on other network computers running SMB and open , read , write to , and delete those files .
SMB was originally developed for Microsoft operating system environments and is used in Windows 95 , Windows 98 , Windows NT , and OS / 2 .
SMDS ( Switched Multi megabit Data Service ) is a telephone company offering that uses the IEEE MAN standard and provides a range of service features .
SMDS goes beyond the MAN standard in that it can span LANs , MANs , and WANs .
SMDS is a LEC ( local exchange carrier ) service for building local area networks in a city - wide area .
SMDS is cell - based service provided by the RBOCs ( regional Bell operating companies ) in selected areas .
SMDS may also be used for WAN connections , but interconnecting one carrier 's SMDS systems with another carrier 's system in another area has been difficult .
SMDS provides usage - based billing and some interesting network management features .
SMDS uses ATM switching and provides services such as usage - based billing and network management .
SMDS was developed by Bellcore and is offered as a service by LECs in some metropolitan areas .
SMI also defines a hierarchical naming structure to identify each managed object .
SMP ( symmetrical multiprocessing ) servers : are off - the - shelf servers sold by Dell , Compaq , IBM , and other manufacturers .
SMP support is also available for systems equipped with up to 64 processors .
SMP systems implement shared memory , disk storage , and other system features .
SMTP can only handle messages that contain 7 - bit ASCII text .
SMTP is designed for TCP / IP networks and uses the IP addressing scheme .
SMTP is like the mail carrier , responsible for transporting mail , while POP and IMAP4 are like the post office , responsible for receiving , storing , and forwarding mail .
SMTP is the Internet mail exchange mechanism for the Internet .
SMTP is the message - exchange standard for the Internet .
SMTP is the transport mechanism that moves messages from one place to another .
SMTP provides message transport services .
SMTP provides the very important function of moving messages from one e - mail server to another .
SMTP receives incoming messages from any source without checking identities .
SMTP uses a basic request and response mechanism to transfer mail between POP or IMAP4 computers on the Internet or on an internal network .
SMTP uses the Internet mail addressing that most people are familiar with - the username @ company . com format .
SMTP was designed to move messages between mail servers relatively quickly , and this works well on local area networks .
SNA ( Systems Network Architecture ) gateways such as Microsoft SNA Server support TN3270 clients by allowing TN3270 users on a TCP / IP LAN to access a host mainframe through an add - on server package that runs on SNA Server . OpenConnect Systems makes the TN3270 Server software that runs on SNA Server .
SNA , first introduced in 1974 , was IBM 's scheme for connecting its 3270 family of products .
SNA cluster controllers are called PU ( physical unit ) Type 2 devices , and terminals attached to the cluster controller are called LU ( logical unit ) Type 2 devices .
SNA dominated the large system environment for years , but IBM also recognized the trend toward client / server computing and enterprise networks that link heterogeneous systems .
SNA gateways connect via high - speed channels to the host , replacing FEPs and cluster controllers .
SNA in the New Network Environment .
SNA is a hierarchical networking strategy that provides a way for hardware and software products to interact with one another under the control of a program running in a central computer .
SNA is a nonroutable protocol , so it is difficult to run SNA over corporate internetworks .
SNA is a problem in most internetwork environments .
SNA provided static routing between interconnected hosts so that a user working at one of the terminals could access any of the interconnected hosts .
SNA was designed in the days when large numbers of nonprogrammable terminals connected to IBM host systems .
SNI is sometimes used for EDI ( Electronic Data Interchange ) applications between suppliers and manufacturers , or when two companies merge .
SNI merges and maps the network resource names and addresses on the joined systems and provides alias names to avoid conflicts .
Sniffer is the name of a network analyzer from Network General .
SNMP ( Simple Network Management Protocol ) is the most common management protocol .
SNMP : This is a protocol that provides the query language and transport mechanisms for querying the agents that run in managed devices .
SNMP and its MIBs define the grammar and vocabulary for managing networks .
SNMP is a popular management protocol defined by the Internet community for TCP / IP networks .
SNMP is described in a variety of IETF ( Internet Engineering Task Force ) RFCs ( requests for comment ) .
SNMP is supported , allowing JMAPI applications to obtain management information collected by SNMP agents .
SNMP Research International , a well - respected developer of SNMP products , has stated that the goals of WBEM and JMAPI are too lofty and will not result in timely products .
SNMP uses a request and response process to communicate with agents and get values or change the status of network elements .
SNMP uses UDP ( User Datagram Protocol ) , which is part of the TCP / IP suite , to carry its messages and data across the network .
SNMPv2 development fell into chaos , and the IETF disbanded the SNMPv2 group in 1996 , although it was later reformed and in 1977 created a number of proposals that were combined into what is now called SNMPv3 .
So - called " push " technology makes the Web browser and / or desktop a place where dynamic information can automatically appear from sites on the Internet .
So , 64 Kbits / sec is the basic rate you 'll need to set aside on an internal network to carry a single voice call .
So , for example , if even parity is selected and a computer receives a character with an odd number of 1s , it assumes an error and asks for a retransmission .
So , for example , the password FOO is used to access files for read - only , and the password BAR is used to access and change files .
So , what network designers are striving to do through various protocol standards is a technique called " route first , then switch . " .
So far , corba has been mapped to TCP / IP as shown through IIOP ( Internet Inter - ORB Protocol ) , but it could be mapped to other transport protocols such as IPX , OSI , and SNA .
So far , FTAM , like other OSI protocols , has not caught on as a useful system for transferring files between different vendor systems in the LAN environment .
So far , iso - Ethernet is considered just another " too little , too late " technology .
So far , our backbone has been limited to a single building .
So far , this discussion has focused on sending frames on a local network , i . e . , a network within the same broadcast domain .
So far , this is not much different than using a repeater , except that bridges forward frames based on their MAC ( Medium Access Control ) addresses , which are the hardwarelevel addresses of NICs .
So far , we have two uses for the public key cryptography scheme :
So intranets are the new enterprise network .
So network designers have a problem .
So to include a title , you start with &lt; TITLE &gt; and end with &lt; / TITLE &gt; .
So what has been solved by creating VLANs ? .
So X.500 has not become a popular standard .
Socalled screening routers and firewalls are necessary to block unwanted traffic and prevent outside users from accessing internal systems where they could corrupt or steal information .
Sockets are communication mechanisms used between running processes in UNIX and TCP / IP environments .
Sockets are now used in other environments such as Windows , as described under WinSock . .
Sockets can provide a full - duplex communication channel between two or more systems .
Sockets defines the communication mechanisms and an application programming interface for building client / server applications .
SOCKS essentially defines how to implement firewalls .
SOCKS is a circuit - level proxy gateway that provides security based on connections ( i . e . , at the TCP layer ) .
SOCKS is a generic proxy system that provides extensive security features along with auditing , management , fault tolerance , and alarm notification features .
SOCKS is a proxy protocol that provides a secure channel between two TCP / IP systems , typically a Web client on an internal corporate network that wants to access an outside Web server ( on the Internet , another company 's network , or on another part of an intranet ) .
SOCKS is an IETF standard that defines how to develop proxy mechanisms that control traffic between networks .
SOCKS provides firewall services , as well as auditing , management , fault tolerance , and other features .
SOCKS5 is outlined in RFC 1928 , which is available at the Web site given below .
SOCKS5 was created by a committee of industry supporters and submitted to the IETF ( Internet Engineering Task Force ) for standardization .
Software - based token devices are also available that provide much the same functionality as hardware tokens .
Software . com introduced products that are built entirely on Internet protocols or new protocols that improve on those protocols .
Software AG ( http : / / www . sagus . com ) has done extensive work with DCOM and has ported it to the Sun Solaris operating system .
Software called NCP ( Network Control Program ) runs in communication controllers ( front - end processors ) to relieve hosts of communication processes such as routing , session management , buffering of incoming and outgoing data , error detection and correction in communications , and other tasks .
Software called SSCP ( System Services Control Point ) runs in the host and manages all the resources within the host 's domain .
Software decompression is used to read the information .
Software deployment is simplified using commercial techniques , as described above , or by deploying software over networks using distributed object technologies such as ORBs ( object request brokers ) .
Software development time is reduced because existing components can be reused to build new applications .
Software distribution and the licensing of that software is a big problem on large networks .
Software distribution programs for in - house use ideally copy software to workstations , install the software , configure it , and provide periodic updates when necessary .
Software in A1 determines that the IP address is for a host on another subnetwork .
Software installation , updating , and licensing to automatically install or update software over a network and ensure that an organization is within its usage license .
Software is added to the network core switches , edge switches , and end systems ( desktop PCs and servers ) .
Software is available for Windows clients that lets users operate phones from their PC .
Software is now available from IBM and other vendors that lets Web clients access mainframe data directly using Web browsers and TCP / IP protocols .
Software is stored at and runs on network servers , where it is easier to manage and upgrade .
Software requirements for the users system include multicast - aware applications and underlying multicast protocols including IGMP ( Internet Group Management Protocol ) , as discussed in a moment .
Software requirements for the users system include multicast - aware applications and underlying multicast protocols including IGMP ( Internet Group Management Protocol ) .
Software security includes user logon , authentication , authorization , and access controls .
Software vendors can also provide automatic software updates over the Internet .
Solaris : A leading UNIX operating environment for enterprise network computing .
Solaris NEO provides a run - time environment for networked objects that can be quickly and easily modified , extended , and maintained .
Solaris runs on SPARC and Intel platforms and will be available on PowerPC platforms .
Solstice : A suite of system administration and network management products for enterprise networks .
Solutions like Notes and Exchange Server are seen as monolithic platforms that require large dollar expenditures and lock users into proprietary solutions .
SOM is an object - oriented technology that specifies an interface to enable object classes created in different environments to interoperate .
SOM is implemented in the IBM OS / 2 WorkPlace Shell as the mechanism for providing onscreen object icons .
Some administrators have reconsidered their ATM plans with the emergence of Gigabit Ethernet , RSVP , and IP Multicast .
Some alternate carriers , such as MCI , provide LEC bypass facilities in various metropolitan areas .
Some alternative methods for building wide area networks include building VPNs ( virtual private networks ) over the Internet .
Some applications include videoconferencing , non delay - sensitive data transmissions , and temporary backup links .
Some applications may not work properly with files in a compressed state .
Some audit systems provide event alarms to warn administrators when certain levels or conditions are met .
Some boards support T1 lines , which provide 24 voice / fax channels over a direct link to the phone company .
Some bridge manufacturers provide loadsharing bridges that are capable of using the backup link to share the network load without causing loops .
Some call it " rubber bandwidth " because the capacity can be increased or decreased as needed .
Some characteristics of RIP are that packets are limited to 15 hops and routing tables are exchanged with other routers approximately every 30 seconds .
Some clients only need to read data , while others must read and write data .
Some common cable conductor gauges are listed here :
Some common electrical line problems are described here :
Some common encapsulation protocols are described next .
Some common T1 connection scenarios are pictured in Figure T - 2 , and the equipment for these connections is described here :
Some companies may provide lines into MANs that bypass the local carriers .
Some companies outsource these tasks .
Some compression schemes work at the character level while others work at the bit level .
Some computers can belong to multiple VLANs .
Some DBMSs use named pipes , some use TCP / IP sockets , and some use other methods .
Some desktop operating systems provide peer - to - peer file - and printer - sharing services that are similar to the services offered by full - featured NOSs .
Some details of PNNI are still under development .
Some devices can connect to oscilloscopes for detailed analysis of test results .
Some do provide fullduplex transmission and bitoriented operation .
Some example groupware applications are outlined here :
Some example HDML code is shown here , and the resulting display on an HDML device is pictured in Figure H - 3 .
Some examples can be found at the Advanced Computer &amp; Network Corp .
Some examples of applications that are easily deployed on intranet platforms include .
Some examples of gateways are described in the following sections .
Some feel that it was released too late because many network managers would rather implement TCP / IP throughout , especially with its growing support for intranet technology .
Some fields in the form are automatically filled out by the software , based on the job or the clerk manipulating the form .
Some files can be marked for immediate migration , or migration at a specific time .
Some firewalls provide interesting and advanced features .
Some floors in multistory office buildings may have multiple telecommunication closets , depending on the floor plan .
Some follow the same architectural design as previous systems .
Some goals are to use a small bandwidth to transmit as many signals as possible , to use low voltage levels to reduce the affects of attenuation over large distances , and to provide a synchronization mechanism directly in the signal .
Some graphics file formats , such as TIFF ( tagged image file format ) , include compression .
Some hub vendors are providing protocol analysis tools as modules that fit into the hub .
Some important features are listed below .
Some important features available with IMAP that are not available in POP are described here :
Some important HTML features are outlined here :
Some include generic proxies that can be configured for other applications .
Some industry analysts see SAA as a failed strategy because it only linked IBM systems and did not produce enough products to make it a significant standard .
Some infrared LANs operate by bouncing signals off of walls in a dispersed pattern .
Some initial components are downloaded to the user 's system that provide the middleware functionality between the client and an application server over the Internet .
Some low - end models only support one type of network .
Some managers may feel a loss of security or control in such a system .
Some may become less important than others .
Some may have only two connectors , one for data equipment and one for a phone .
Some methods have each workstation determine whether the cable is in use .
Some neighborhoods still had party lines because the telephone company has not upgraded the shared trunk to private lines .
Some network designers feel that providing reliable services in the data link layer is unnecessary and that the data link layer should simply provide high - speed bit transmission without all acknowledgments .
Some network managers have recently discovered that all Category 5 cable is not created equal .
Some network operating systems require users to log on every time they access a resource at a different location on the network .
Some objects are more permanent , like a stock portfolio management utility that gets downloaded when you visit a financial site .
Some objects are temporary like the logo just mentioned .
Some objects are used everywhere throughout the organization .
Some of NetMeeting 's built in features are listed here .
Some of the advantages of centrally controlling user desktops is the ability to lock down the desktop , prevent users from performing some operation , stop users from accessing system files , and prevent users from installing unapproved applications .
Some of the benefits of DFS are outlined here :
Some of the channels can be reserved for voice , and the rest may be allocated to data .
Some of the companies mentioned in the next section , " Fax Products , " provide boards that can handle multiple lines .
Some of the core functions are scheduling and synchronization of events , communication among processes ( message passing ) , memory management , management of processes , and management of input and output routines .
Some of the devices you might connect using Firewire include consumer electronic equipment like digital audio and video players and recorders , as well as computer peripherals like optical disks and high - performance disk drives .
Some of the earliest phone systems consisted of a few phones connected to the same trunk wire .
Some of the equipment is not specified in the original standards but works just fine .
Some of the features of the SCSI interface are described here :
Some of the features outlined by IBM include .
Some of the high - end network analyzers may cost tens of thousands of dollars .
Some of the links may provide alternate pathways through the mesh network on which to transmit information .
Some of the major PDNs offering these services are listed here :
Some of the major VANs are listed here :
Some of the more important IBM technologies discussed in this book are listed here :
Some of the more important schemes are outlined here :
Some of the most common network file systems are described here :
Some of the other features that TCP provides are outlined here :
Some of the services provided by NLMs are :
Some of the standards that have been developed are outlined here .
Some of the subnetworks provide a path for moving the packet from one router to another until it gets to the destination network .
Some of the telephone companies are using CMIP for public network management , and CMIP is included , along with SNMP , in the Open Software Foundation DME ( Distributed Management Environment ) .
Some of these file systems are discussed elsewhere in this book , as noted .
Some of these restrictions are imposed by the designers of the communication systems on which the cable are used , based on various factors such as a need to reduce signal emanation .
Some of these special features are discussed later .
Some of these technologies are listed here and covered in more detail under the appropriate headings .
Some operating systems , such as Windows NT , let you configure your own disk array configurations .
Some organizations build two communication infrastructures - one for nonroutable SNA traffic and one for TCP / IP traffic .
Some organizations may prefer to set up their own USENET systems on their TCP / IP - based intranet rather than deploy groupware and collaborative applications .
Some organizations will find the 254 - host limit a bit restrictive , but as discussed shortly , there are ways to get around this problem .
Some other advantages are listed here :
Some other interesting work has been done by the IEEE ( Institute of Electrical and Electronic Engineers ) 802.1p Task Force , which provides a way for users to set priority bits in frames that specify different classes of traffic .
Some people may gain access to special lanes because of political connections , government service , or credits earned through community service .
Some people want to add more features , but others feel that fewer features will help move the protocol to standardization much faster .
Some programs and operating systems send these passwords unencrypted , which makes them easy for hackers to capture and reuse to log in to a system .
Some proposed examples are . mall ( online shopping ) , . ask ( assistance and information ) , . med ( medical ) , . inc , and . media .
Some providers have chosen to wait for standards to settle and feel that current analog systems provide superior performance .
Some proxies are designed to allow only internal users to access the Internet and do not allow any external users inside the corporate network .
Some references are given at the end of this section .
Some related Web addresses are given at the end of this section ( see the heading , " Information on the Internet " ) .
Some repeaters also do their best to filter noise .
Some revisions are described in RFC 1122 and further extensions are described in RFC 1323 .
Some routes use slow asynchronous connections , while other are high - speed digital connections .
Some run versions of the same operating system used on previous systems to maintain application compatibility .
Some see HPR as being useful in a move to building ATM networks .
Some setup time is involved .
Some standards , such as X.400 have been around for a long time but have not been widely accepted .
Some synchronous data transmissions can be compressed by as much as 98 percent using this scheme .
Some system functions require that the client directly access the ORB interface .
Some systems aggregate multiple phone connections to boost bandwidth .
Some systems support hot swapping , which lets you replace parts while a system is running .
Some systems will log users in based on security information stored at the computer where the user is logging in .
Some techniques establish virtual circuits in advance , then simply pick a circuit that will get a packet to its destination .
Some testers are quite affordable and should be part of any network manager 's toolkit .
Some testers have the ability to monitor network protocols and can even run Ping and Traceroute commands over IP networks .
Some typical users of a directory service include people and applications .
Some vendors achieve security simply by not providing proxies for some services , so be careful in your evaluation .
Some vendors are designing internal modems , but others are designing modems that have Ethernet 10BaseT connectors so computers can be connected in the style of a network .
Some vendors claim bandwidth up to 350 MHz , but these claims should be questioned .
Some vendors claim route switching speeds of 10 million pps ! .
Some vendors have come up with middleware solutions that basically bypass HTTP .
Some vendors have developed advanced features for their power protection equipment .
Some vendors have implemented so - called rules - based VLAN configuration techniques , which allows administrators to create VLANs based on information contained in packets that switches look at and evaluate .
Some vendors have joined forces .
Some vendors of highend access servers are listed here :
Someone capturing the password could use it to repeatedly masquerade as the user and log on to a secure system .
Someone might unknowingly release their password ( for example , by writing it on a Postit note near their desk , perhaps ) .
Someone monitoring the line could capture this information and use it to repeatedly log on in the future .
Someone who intercepts the message cannot decrypt it with the generally available public key .
Someone who steals your system or hard drive could use a low - level byte editor to scan the drive and read or change its contents .
SONET and SDH are very similar , which will allow telecommunication companies to build interconnected global networks with ease .
SONET carries data and control information in 810 - byte frames that travel across the fiber in a synchronous stream .
SONET implements synchronous transmissions in which individual channels are merged into a higher - level channel using time division multiplexing .
SONET is a fiber - optic network implemented primarily by the carriers on an international scale .
SONET is a physical layer specification that telephone carriers use to interconnect their long - distance telephone trunks .
SONET is a standard that defines telecommunication transmissions over fiber - optic cables .
SONET is a subset of SDH that is used in North America .
SONET is built on fiber - optic cable , and standardized rates are used to ensure that telecommunications companies around the globe can interconnect their systems with little trouble .
SONET is the physical transport backbone of BISDN .
SONET is the successor of NADH and SDH is the successor of the CCITT standard used outside the United States .
SONET multiplexes a variety of data streams , called tributaries , into higher and higher OC levels .
SONET removes the boundaries between the telephone companies of the world .
SONET transmission rates start at 51.4 Mbits / sec and increase in 52Mbit / sec building blocks . Speeds up to 50 Gbits / sec are possible .
SONET was designed to supersede the T - carrier and E - carrier digital hierarchies that have been in use in the United States and Europe , respectively .
Soon , cities were enmeshed in telephone cables running in all directions .
Soon , you will type iiop : / / www . website . com instead of http : / / www . website . com to access Web sites that provide more than just information publishing .
Sophisticated applications in the form of many ActiveX components can be put up at the site for users to download .
Sophisticated client / server applications require connection - oriented sessions in which the server caches information about the client during the session .
Sound and video files are also appropriate for lossy compression , since loss of some information produces subtle changes that may not be detectable when played back .
Sound is digitized for storage in computers or on CD - ROMs .
Sound waves are measured by their frequency in cycles per second , or hertz ( Hz ) .
Sounds great , except that over 20 vendors are implementing different IP switching techniques .
Source address : Contains the address of the station that sent the frame .
Source address : The IP address of the host sending the datagram .
Source and destination port : Contains the port number of the sockets at the source and destination sides of the connection .
Source code for UNIX platforms is available to the public at the site and PC / Windows source code is in the works .
Source network The network address of the source network .
Source node MAC address of the source node .
Source routing is used in IP networks to specify a specific route though the network under some conditions .
Source socket Address of the process running in the source node .
Spanning a volume over several disks provides some performance enhancements , and it can be done with one controller and multiple drives or with several controllers and multiple drives .
Spanning tree bridges detect and break circular traffic patterns by disabling certain links in Ethernet networks .
SPARC : A RISC ( Reduced Instruction Set Computer ) processor for systems ranging from laptops to supercomputers .
Special care must be taken when pulling the cable runs between wiring closets and work area wall plates .
Special device files are stored in the dev directory .
Special file attributes can be set to flag the files you want the system to automatically compress when not in use .
Special software - only algorithms reduce the amount of data to transmit over the wire and allow the system to work quite well over dial - up lines .
Specialized modems are now available that operate as high as 56 Kbits / sec ( in one direction over appropriate lines ) .
Specific parts of the spectrum are allocated for various types of communication , as shown in Figure E - 1 .
Specifically , it sends an ICMP echo request message to the designated host .
Specifications include MPEG - 2 ( Motion Picture Experts Group - 2 ) video transport , Dolby Audio AC - 3 , and DES ( Data Encryption Standard ) encryption .
Specify the workstation where a user logs on , preventing the user from logging on at unsupervised workstations .
Speeds range from 2 Mbits / sec to 300 Mbits / sec .
Spin rates are typically 5,400 rpm and 7,200 rpm .
Spoofing is a form of security breach in which a hacker masquerades as another user and manages to illegally log on to a computer system .
Spread spectrum broadcasts in bands where noise is prominent , but does not rise above the noise .
Spread spectrum distributes a signal over a wide range of frequencies for transmission .
Spread spectrum is a transmission technique that spreads the information contained in a transmission over a very large bandwidth .
Spread spectrum is also used in digital cellular communication systems .
Spread spectrum radio does not interfere with conventional radio because its energy levels are too weak .
Spread spectrum signals are hard to detect and if detected , difficult to demodulate .
Spread spectrum technology was first used in World War II as a way to provide jam - proof radio communication for guided torpedoes .
Spreading involves applying a code to data bits that specifically identifies the information belonging to a particular call in the current cell ( generally , the area reachable by the local transceiver station ) .
Spreading the 100 - Mbit / sec signal over three pairs reduces the frequency of the cable and allows the use of the higher - speed signaling on lower - grade cable .
Spreadspectrum radio used for security and paging systems occupies 902 to 928 MHz .
Sprint 's recent SONET ring deployment provides an example of what a SONET network is like .
SPX is a connection - oriented protocol that operates at the transport layer .
SPX uses IPX for packet delivery services and provides the data delivery guarantees that IPX cannot provide .
SQL , pronounced see - quel , was originally developed by IBM in the mid - 1970s as a database query language to operate on the VM / 370 and MVS / 370 operating systems .
SQL3 includes object - oriented technology .
SS7 is a message - based system that operates on a separate digital line from the actual phone calls .
SS7 is an out - of - band signaling system used by the carriers to set up telephone calls .
SSA ( Serial Storage Architecture ) : A high - speed serial interface with a total throughput of up to 80 MB / sec and relatively long cable distances .
SSA ( Serial Storage Architecture ) : An IBM serial peripheral connection specification that has data transfer rates of 80 Mbits / sec .
SSA is a high - performance serial interface that is commonly used to connect peripheral devices like disk drives , optical disks , printers , and scanners to computer workstations and servers .
SSA is also specified as a physical layer serial interface in the SCSI - 3 standard .
SSA was originally developed by IBM , but it is now being developed by the ANSI subcommittee called X3T10 .
SSL ( Secure Sockets Layer ) : Like S - HTTP , ssl secures client / server sessions , but SSL goes a step further by providing a way to encrypt everything that is exchanged , not just HTTP .
SSL ( Secure Sockets Layer ) is a transport - level protocol developed by Netscape that provides channel security .
SSL also consists of the SSLRP ( SSL Record Protocol ) , which performs the job of packaging data so it can be encrypted .
SSL consists of the SSLHP ( SSL Handshake Protocol ) , which provides authentication services and negotiates an encryption method .
SSL is a Web protocol that sets up a secure session between a Web client and server .
SSL was originally developed by Netscape , then submitted to the IETF for standardization .
SSL was restricted to 40 - bit key lengths by the U . S . government , so Microsoft separated the authentication and encryption functions in PCT to bypass this restriction .
SSLHP operates in the application layer and SSLRP operates in the presentation layer relative to the OSI protocol stack .
SSPs can send signals to other SSPs to set up and manage calls .
Stac Electronics ( http : / / www . stac . com ) has a product that bridges the gap between filebyfile and image backup .
Stac Inc . 's LZS compression algorithm is the one most commonly used .
Stackable hubs are just like stand - alone hubs except that they are designed to be linked together in the same wiring closet .
Stac 's Replica product uses a special technique to quickly copy volumes without the need to open and close every file .
Staging systems may use a common data access language such as SQL ( Structured Query Language ) .
Staging systems store only the latest information for read - only purposes .
Standard 10 - Mbit / sec Ethernet LAN connections over Category 3 or Category 5 UTP ( unshielded twisted - pair ) wire .
Standard bus : A PCI ( Peripheral Component Interconnect ) bus like those used in personal computers is used in inexpensive devices .
Standard file formats were developed to save formatting information and make it available to a variety of readers .
Standard video is normally about 30 frames / sec , but some studies have found that 16 frames / sec is acceptable to many viewers , so methods that remove frames can provide another form of compression .
Standardization is an ongoing process , and the latest implementation , which is called SQL3 , was being standardized at the time of this writing .
Standards are being developed that will reduce or eliminate the need to translate and convert business transactions .
Standards such as CORBA ( Common Object Request Broker Architecture ) promise to provide a standard interface for applications that will let any application talk to any other CORBA - compliant application anywhere in the world via the Internet .
Star - configured ring : A ring network in which signals are passed from one station to another in a circle .
Star / bus configuration : A network that has groups of star - configured workstations connected with long linear bus trunks .
Star : Workstations attach to hubs and signals are broadcast to all stations or passed from station to station .
Start by obtaining the amp rating on the back of each device you plan to hook up and multiply that rating by the voltage ( usually 120 volts ) , then add the values obtained for each device and select an UPS that can handle at least 20 percent over that load .
Start the FTP command interface .
Starting in 1996 , many IBM sites began to see the possibility of moving to TCP / IP rather than using IBM networking schemes .
Starting in 1996 , many IBM sites using SNA systems and APPN began to see the possibility of moving to TCP / IP rather than using IBM networking schemes .
Starting on the left , the ISP has a big data pipe into the Internet , such as a T3 line ( 45 Mbits / sec ) .
Starting with Java 1.1 , the VM 's restrictions were relaxed to allow Java applets to access local resources , but anyone using this feature must ensure that the applets they run are safe .
Stateless desktop computing , with persistent central data storage .
Stateless systems : In stateless systems , the server does not keep information about what files its clients are caching .
Stateless systems are efficient if users tend to make few and infrequent requests from servers .
Static documents written once by the Web author and distributed to anyone that can access the URL for the document .
Static routing implies that the paths are manually programmed into the router by a network administrator .
Station 1 might be at one end of the cable and station 2 might be at the other , with station 3 in the middle .
Station B must tell stations that are upstream from it on bus A that it needs cells .
Station B uses bus B to transmit to station A .
Station restrictions : Station restrictions prevent a user from logging in at any station other than the specified workstation .
Stations back off and retransmit again , but if the network is still busy , this process continues and escalates , causing a performance drop and a perceived slowdown to the users .
Stations can essentially send and forget .
Stations receive messages " silently " without notifying the senders that they have received the information .
Stations within the CDMA system differentiate themselves from one another by using a pseudorandom code that is generated with the help of the GPS ( Global Positioning System ) .
Statistical information can show how the network is reacting to its current load and provide a way to detect potential problems .
Statistical multiplexing can handle bursts from one source .
Statistical multiplexors solve this problem by dynamically allocating time slots and using the line more efficiently .
Statistical multiplexors use processors and buffering techniques to allocate slots , and tend to be more expensive than standard multiplexors .
Statistics : Collects and accumulates LAN traffic statistics and errors .
Status information about the request , such as whether the information was found .
Steady and predictable traffic flow is essential to running voice and video traffic over networks , and that is why cell relay is important .
Stealth Virus : This is a virus that attempts to hide itself from the operating system and antivirus software .
Stealth viruses stay in memory to intercept attempts to use the operating system and hide changes made to file sizes .
Steel - Belted RADIUS serves as a single centralized remote access authentication server that can use the user accounts , groups , passwords , and other security information already available in NetWare 's Bindery and NDS , or Windows NT Domains and Workgroups .
Step - index multimode cable has a relatively large diameter core with high dispersion characteristics .
Step 1 : The client workstation boots and initializes with a " null IP address " that lets it communicate with the DHCP server using TCP / IP .
Step 2 : Any DHCP server can receive the message and prepare to lease the client an IP address .
Step 3 : When the client receives the offer messages and accepts one of the IP addresses , the client broadcasts a message to confirm which DHCP server it has accepted as an IP address from .
Step 4 : Finally , the DHCP server confirms the whole arrangement with the client .
Still , appletalk is suitable for workgroups of Macintosh users who don't need sophisticated networks that need to support hundreds of users .
Still , atm is probably the best technology if your organization has mixed traffic such as data , voice , video , and other multimedia .
Still , java is supported industrywide .
Still , making telephone calls over the Internet has become quite popular as more and more computers sport multimedia features that can convert voice into compressed digital data .
Still , many organizations have installed ATM backbone switches because of their ability to handle network traffic at high speeds .
Still , micom has created compression algorithms that reduce the digital data requirements of a voice call from 64 Kbits / sec to as little as 8 Kbits / sec ( or 6 Kbits / sec if silence reduction circuitry is used ) .
Still , new categories of twisted - pair wire now allow data rates to surpass that available on coaxial cable .
Still , not all ISPs choose to use the Routing Arbiter services .
Still , OS / 2 runs 16 - and 32 - bit DOS and Windows applications .
Still , packet - switched networks must provide some guarantees that priority traffic can get through ahead of nonpriority traffic and that real - time traffic can make it through the network in time .
Still , prioritization doesn't guarantee that enough bandwidth will be reserved to ensure high quality .
Still , pumping up the bandwidth is not always a complete solution .
Still , sap is still used on NetWare 4.x networks because many network devices require it .
Still , the Internet provides a low - cost way for mobile and remote users to dial in to corporate networks , as discussed under " Virtual Dial - up Services . " .
Still , the OSI model is described here because it defines how communication protocols work in general .
Still , there are benefits in all - digital systems , and the latest trend is to build a global system that allows cellular phone users to make calls anywhere in the world with a single device and a single phone number .
Still , when two switch ports are bridged together , one of the stations at either end of the bridged segment may monopolize the medium .
Still , x.25 is often the only choice available in some areas of the world .
Still , you usually had to contact more than one service provider to build a private network frame relay , and there were no guarantees that those providers would work together to give you the best service .
Still another description is a Web server that supports multiple domains in the same system .
Still another interesting variant is FreeBSD , a version of UNIX that is based on the Berkeley BSD releases and that runs on Intel processors .
Still another object technology is CORBA ( Common Object Request Broker Architecture ) .
Still another problem is that Ethernet networks use broadcast and multicast ( sending to all or selected stations , respectively ) to perform a variety of operations .
Still another solution is to install SNA gateways , which are servers that connect SNA systems to LANs and provide all the necessary translations to move traffic between those systems .
Still another solution is to put ATM support in the APIs used by programmers to develop applications .
Still further down are routers connected to local ISPs .
Still other vendors are developing their own technologies .
Still others are MH ( Message Handler ) and Mush ( Mail User 's Shell ) .
Still worse is the polymorphic or mutation virus , which changes its unique features upon replication .
Storage devices are daisy - chained together and connected to a host adapter .
Storage management systems consist of data storage devices and storage management software , which provide online and near - line access to data , as well as archival storage of data .
Storage systems are supposed to make data and applications available to users when they need it .
Store - and - forward is a concept that is used often in the computer and network world .
Store a duplicate backup set at an offsite location to protect the backups from local disasters such as fires , earthquakes , and floods .
STP ( shielded twisted - pair ) provides protection against external crosstalk .
STPs ( signal transfer points ) are packet switches that route SS7 messages based on the routing information obtained by an SSP .
Straight cable : This is the simplest type of cable .
StreetTalk Directory Assistance provides distributed directory services .
StreetTalk extends peer to peer client workgroups to encompass every user and resource on the network .
StreetTalk integrates with all VINES core services so that network services and applications always know a user 's physical location and security privileges .
StreetTalk is the directory service originally built into the Banyan VINES network operating system but now available to run on other operating systems .
StreetTalk 's unique use of attributes keeps naming simple while maintaining useful descriptive information about the properties of every resource on the network . An enhanced graphical administration tool makes it easier to explore and manage resources across the enterprise .
Striping divides data over two or more drives , as shown by the crude example in Figure R - 1 .
Striping divides data over two or more drives , as shown by the simplified example in Figure D - 13 .
Striping improves throughput and provides a form of redundancy that protects against the failure of one disk in the array .
Structure editing is also available so developers can see the hierarchy of document elements and their attributes .
Structured wiring forms an infrastructure that is usually hierarchical in design with a high - speed backbone .
Structured wiring or cabling is a preplanned cabling system that is designed with growth and reconfiguration in mind .
Style sheets add more presentational control for HTML .
Subnet B is an interconnecting LAN or a WAN .
Subnetting allows an organization to create a number of internal subnetworks , which are beneficial from a security and management perspective .
Subnetting also has implications for routers .
Subnetting defines a three - part addressing scheme .
Subnetworks are attached to this cable .
Subscribe to newsgroups and unsubscribe from newsgroups .
Subsequent packets are forwarded based on the information in the cache , which reduces packet processing .
Subsequent users get the comic from the local cache rather then from the Dilbert Web site .
Subsequently , all the class B networks are taken because they fit the profile of most companies and organizations .
Subsets of HDLC are used to provide signaling and control data links for X.25 , ISDN , and frame relay networks .
Successful attacks usually take place under optimal conditions , i . e . , using million dollar computer systems that are run by expert cryptanalysts ( such as people at the National Security Agency ) or by coordinating many interconnected network computers .
Successor technologies include OLE ( Object Linking and Embedding ) , COM ( Component Object Model ) , and DCOM ( Distributed COM ) .
Such a system would provide Internet surfers with access to the Web at speeds from 3 to 10 Mbits / sec .
Such an infrastructure would allow people and organizations who have never met or done business to engage in trusted and secure transactions .
Such connections require authentication and encryption .
Such distances also qualify FDDI for use as a MAN ( metropolitan area network ) .
Such documents usually are targeted for archiving on less expensive tape or optical disk where they remain available for future access if necessary .
Such organizations as the ECTF ( Enterprise Computer Telephony Forum ) and the ITC ( Internet Telephony - interoperability Consortium ) are helping to create a competitive market for standards - based computer - telephony services .
Such problems indicate a defect in one of the electrical wires to ground .
Such programs are often installed when people leave their computers unattended .
Such protocols should be given high priority to prevent retransmissions , even through the actual data being delivered may not be that important .
Such routers can automatically call target routers on an asneeded basis to provide more capacity , and then bring the line down when traffic demands diminish .
Such services are provided by protocols in the transport layer and sometimes the data link layer .
Such systems are platforms for future expansion and growth .
Such systems provide considerable savings by bypassing the local exchange carrier .
Such users must be assured that a site is not being spoofed by malicious people who want to collect credit card numbers and personal information or distribute bogus and virus - infected copies of popular programs .
Sue and Joe , and everybody else in the company , generate a set of keys using software commonly found in Web browsers or e - mail applications .
Sue and Joe want to exchange secure messages .
Sue receives the message and decrypts it with her private key .
SuiteSpot : A suite of collaborative network applications described under " Netscape SuiteSpot . " .
SuiteSpot integrates up to ten collaborative applications into a single package .
Sun has extended NFS to operate on the Internet with WebNFS .
Sun implements a complete hardware and software approach that includes a variety of products .
Sun is promoting WebNFS as the best file system for NCs ( Network Computers ) , computers that have reduced local file systems and that rely on network - based file systems .
Sun Microsystems 'most important products are listed here .
Sun Microsystems ' Ultra Enterprise 10000 supports up to 64 UltraSPARC II processors running at 250 MHz each , up to 64GB of memory , and up to 20TB ( terabytes ) of online storage .
Sun Microsystems , located in Mountain View , California , was founded in 1982 on the premise that the network is the computer .
Sun Microsystems and NetFRAME Systems are the most common vendors .
Sun Microsystems Computer Company : Handles network systems business and a family of SPARC - based workstations and servers .
Sun Microsystems consists of a number of internal divisions :
Sun Microsystem 's philosophy is based on open , nonproprietary systems .
Sun Microsystems Solaris uses three formats , including ufs , which is based on the BSD file allocation table file system ; hsfs , a CD - ROM file system ; and pcfs , which provides access to data on DOS - formatted disks .
Sun Microsystems 'solaris is perhaps the most popular UNIX system .
Sun Microsystems 'sPARC processors are based on a RISC architecture design that provides scalability from desktop systems to supercomputer systems .
Sun recommends using the CORBA IDL ( Interface Definition Language ) for application development in heterogeneous environments .
Sun Servers support zero - administration clients , deliver Java applications , and provide access to data warehouses .
Sun 's Netra - J provides a complete , integrated server , content - optimized to support JavaStation and other Java - enabled NCs .
Sun 's Ultra Enterprise 10000 is a mainframe - like system that runs from 16 to 64 UltraSPARC processors .
SunScreen SPF - 100 : A firewall system and encryption device .
SunSoft 's Solstice Workshop is an environment for developing Web - based management applications with Java .
SunSoft 's WebNFS : Implements all the features of NFS and is optimized to run over the Internet or intranets .
Supercomputers are high - performance processing systems that typically consist of multiple processors processing nodes , or clustered systems running in parallel .
Supercomputers may be SMP ( symmetrical multiprocessing ) or MPP ( massively parallel processing ) systems .
Superserver systems with special proprietary high - speed busses and multiple processors are available from Tricord Systems , Parallan Computers , and NetFrame .
Superservers include a high - performance bus , tens of megabytes of error - correcting memory , RAID ( redundant arrays of inexpensive disks ) systems , advanced system architectures that reduce bottlenecks , and redundant features such as multiple power supplies .
Supervisor : All rights to the directory , its files , and its subdirectories .
Support a single protocol  TCP / IP  and support Web technologies , intranets , and extranets ( business - to - business networks over the Internet ) .
Support advanced services such as a global directory service and a distributed file system .
Support for directory services such as LDAP ( Lightweight Directory Access Protocol ) .
Support for industry - standard IIOP and CORBA ( Common Object Request Broker Architecture ) allows NCF to interact with the ORBs ( object request brokers ) from HP , Sun , and others .
Support for multiple network adapters and protocols is critical in the enterprise network environment where users connected to multiple different networks may need to communicate with a server .
Support for name and directory services such as X.500 , LDAP , and third - party products .
Support for remote users that dial directly into the mail server .
Support for storing files for operating systems other than DOS .
Support for the NNTP ( Network News Transport Protocol ) news readers , which can provide threaded discussions .
Support from programming interfaces like CGI ( Common Gateway Interface ) , ISAPI ( Internet Server API ) , Java , and ActiveX .
Support is another issue since you can't call any particular vendor .
Support is provided for different hardware platforms , including Intel - based PCs and servers , DEC Alpha , MIPS , and PowerPC systems .
Supported document types include SGML , HTML , tagged text , word processing documents , and bibliographic records .
Supports multi master replication , which allows updates to occur at servers that are closest to the operator rather than at a master server .
Supports multi vendor database systems .
Supports short - life - span services such as Internet telephony , videoconferencing , and chat services .
Supports transaction processing over distributed databases .
Suppose a new corporate structure calls for relocating members of the marketing department into special task groups that include people from other departments .
Suppose Host A sends a segment to Host B and Host B returns an acknowledgment , but for some reason the acknowledgment does not arrive at Host A in a reasonable time .
Suppose you want to send a business partner a message and provide some proof that the message contents have not been altered in transit .
Surge suppressors should be used at primary power supply feeds or at individual stations .
SVC ( switched virtual circuit ) : An " on - demand " temporary connection between end stations , much like a voice phone call is a temporary connection .
SVCs , or switched virtual circuits , have only recently been made available .
SVCs are more appropriate for temporary or recurring connections , such as voice and video conferences .
SVCs are more complicated in this respect because the customer equipment must be able to set up and take down connections as necessary .
SVCs offer several benefits over PVCs , the most important being any - to - any connectivity .
SVCs were added to the frame - relay standard after the initial design work although switched circuits were always intended .
Swell : A swell is the opposite of a sag and can also cause damage to power supplies .
Switch controllers then negotiate virtual circuits with upstream controllers .
Switched - 56 can still be used in this way , but it is also used to handle peaks in traffic , fax transmissions , backup sessions , bulk e - mail transfers , and LAN - to - LAN connections .
Switched - 56 is a digital communication technology for transporting data over switched synchronous lines at 56 Kbits / sec or switched asynchronous lines at 57.6 Kbits / sec , although compression can provide four times the bandwidth .
Switched - 56 is a digital switched service that operates at 56 Kbits / sec .
Switched - 56 is useful for videoconferencing , LAN - to - LAN connections , Group 4 facsimile interconnections , and as a high - speed service for telecommuters .
Switched - 56 lines are digital and require a CSU / DSU ( channel service unit / data service unit ) device to connect a network to the Switched - 56 phone line .
Switched - 56 services were originally intended to provide an alternate backup route for higher - speed leased lines such as T1 .
Switched circuits are also used to perform occasional data transfers between remote offices .
Switched circuits can supplement a dedicated line .
Switched connections can provide alternate routes to back up primary communications lines that might fail .
Switched connections for supporting Ethernet , FDDI , and token ring networks that allow multiple , simultaneous point - to - point connections between workstations .
Switched data services provide the same features .
Switched digital circuit : A digital line that can be switched to provide connections to other sites , but usually only sites that have been preprogrammed by a carrier .
Switched digital services provide many of the same benefits as do dedicated digital lines , including expandable bandwidth .
Switched Ethernet is more capable of providing these requirements than traditional shared Ethernet .
Switched lines are also used to handle peaks in traffic , fax transmissions , backup sessions , bulk e - mail transfers , and LAN - to - LAN connections .
Switched networks have revolutionized the way that LANs and corporate networks are constructed .
Switches and routers use similar forwarding techniques .
Switches are configured with a number of queues , with some queues getting higher priority than others .
Switches are often called layer 2 ( data link layer ) technologies while routing is a layer 3 ( network layer ) technology .
Switches are susceptible to congestion , but traditional flow - control methods that prevent a workstation from further transmitting frames are not available .
Switches can also be joined with other switches to expand the network without degrading performance .
Switches can also provide performance improvements that bring token ring speeds closer to high - speed Ethernet .
Switches can provide high - speed direct - connect ports for devices like printers and provide other devices on the switches much more efficient access to those devices .
Switches can solve some of the problems related to token ring , such as congestion on backbones and migration paths to higher - speed networks .
Switches contract with one another to build the VCs , and no data is transmitted until the VC is completely established across the network .
Switches make it possible to create multipoint connections into the host system .
Switches may have hundreds or thousands of ports or be arranged in arrays to handle thousands of circuits .
Switches operate at layer 2 ( the data link layer ) relative to the OSI protocol stack , so in this respect , switches are very much like bridges .
Switches use this information to forward frames .
Switching : Provides an overall improvement in LAN throughput and design as described under " Switched Networks . " .
Switching and virtual networking can provide a solution .
Switching architectures are ideal for the creation of VLANs .
Switching can be done on the customer 's site ( private networking ) or by the carrier ( public networking ) .
Switching components ( nodes ) include transmitters and receivers for voice and data routing using circuit - switching or packet - switching techniques .
Switching delays occur in devices likes hubs , bridges , and routers that need to receive an entire packet before making a forwarding or routing decision .
Switching hubs are multiport devices in which each port operates like a separate LAN with its own broadcast domain .
Switching hubs create a truly private - line network by directly connecting the private line from one computer to the private line of another computer for the duration of a transmission .
Switching is necessary for large , shared Ethernet networks .
Switching services can provide any - to - any connectivity .
Switching services can provide bandwidth on demand .
Switching technologies can reduce these problems while helping to reduce router dependence .
Switching to ISDN for data is a natural fit , but voice calls require a conversion to ISDN phones .
Sybase relies on its Omni Connect middleware .
Symmetric multiprocessing is difficult to implement but offers clear benefits over asymmetric multiprocessing .
Symmetric schemes are also called private - key or secret - key encryption schemes .
Symmetrical multiprocessing system : In this design , system resources such as memory and disk I / O are shared by all the processors in the system .
Symmetrical multiprocessing systems are also supported .
Symmetrical multiprocessing systems distribute the workload evenly .
SYN ( synchronize ) Used in conjunction with ACK to request a connection or accept a connection .
SYN = 0 and ACK = 1 is an acknowledgment of the acknowledgment .
SYN = 1 and ACK = 0 indicates a connection request .
SYN = 1 and ACK = 1 indicates a connection accepted .
Synchronous capabilities are added via software upgrades .
Synchronous communications is either character oriented or bit oriented .
Synchronous modems are generally more efficient and are typically used for dedicated links between two sites .
Synchronous token - passing ring mode allows prioritization .
System engineers only need to make sure that an NDIS - compatible driver is used for the network adapter being installed .
System policies and user profiles : These two features allow system administrators to manage and maintain users desktops in a consistent manner .
System policies set standard desktop configurations and profiles maintain user - definable settings .
System resources such as memory and disk I / O are shared by all the processors in the system .
Systems are often called room systems because they are restricted to equipment that is typically set up in a single conference room .
Systems include older mainframe or minicomputer systems that run specific applications that are not easily accessible from more modern PC - based applications .
Systems running LU 6.2 sessions do not need the services of a host system when establishing sessions .
SystemView is an enterprise - wide network management system that recognizes and manages systems in heterogeneous environments .
T - connectors are used to connect the network interface card to the cable .
T1 and T3 circuits are based on the transmission of multiple channels of digital information over a single cable using TDM ( time division multiplexing ) .
T1 and T3 circuits are normally dedicated lines that are leased on a monthly basis , but some carriers offer switched services for special applications such as videoconferencing or temporary data services such as backups .
T1 can be divided into 24 channels of 64 - Kbit / sec bandwidth each , which is the bandwidth needed for a digitized voice call .
T1 leased rates increase with distance .
T1 lines are commonly used to provide private data links between an organization 's local and remote facilities .
T1 lines can carry both voice and data , so they are often used to provide voice telephone connections between an organization 's remote sites .
T1 lines can carry both voice and data using multiplexer devices , so they are often used to provide voice telephone connections between an organization 's remote sites .
T1 provides 24 channels of 64 Kbits / sec each and a total bandwidth of 1.544 Mbits / sec .
T3 is equivalent to 28 T1 circuits and provides a total bandwidth of 44.736 Mbits / sec .
Table S - 1.STA - Endorsed Terminology for SCSI Parallel Interface Technology .
Table W - 2 lists the individual permissions that make up the standard permissions for files .
Tables are built by routers and exchanged with other routers , which use the routing information to construct a map of the network .
TACACS is an authentication scheme that can be used to validate users who are attempting to gain access to information servers , networks , and remote access servers .
TACACS runs as a distinct third - party authentication server that provides verification services .
TACACS was originally developed by the U . S . Department of Defense and BBN Planet Corp .
Tag routers and switches use this information to create tag - based tables that will be used to provide information about how to switch packets that have tag information .
Tag switching allows ATM switches to be used as tag switches .
Tag switching is a Cisco technology to integrate layer 2 ( data link layer ) switching with layer 3 ( network layer ) routing for large - scale network environments , i . e . , the Internet .
Tag switching is aimed at service providers and allows them to integrate ATM switches into the Internet core and implement routing on top of those switches .
Tags are then placed in the VCI ( virtual channel identifier ) field of ATM cells by the tag edge routers and tag - enabled ATM switches look at the VCI field to determine how to switch the cells .
Tape backup systems are the traditional backup medium while optical disk systems provide archiving and nearline storage requirements .
Tape capacity is in the 20GB range ( 40GB compressed ) and data transfer rates are from 1.2 MB / sec to 3 MB / sec .
Tape is the third level of a hierarchical storage management system .
Tape storage is inexpensive and provides high capacities .
Tapes are relatively inexpensive , making it economical to devise an archiving scheme where you store tapes permanently at safe locations rather than reusing the tapes .
Tapes can hold 2.5GB or more of uncompressed data .
TAPI ( Telephony API ) : Windows supports TAPI , which dramatically simplifies the way that both users and application programs deal with telephone devices .
TAPI abstracts the hardware layer so that developers can create products that are network and device independent .
TAPI applications can be used on the public - switched telephone network , ISDN , PBX , and IP networks .
TAPI is a Microsoft API for developing and using CTI ( computer - telephony integration ) applications .
TAPI is based on the Microsoft Windows platform and is complemented by other Microsoft APIs such as Win32 , MAPI ( Messaging API ) , SAPI ( Speech API ) , and MCI ( Media Control Interface ) .
TCP ( Transmission Control Protocol ) , for example , is a connection oriented service that sets up a virtual circuit or session between a sender and receiver to manage data transmissions .
TCP ( Transmission Control Protocol ) adds reliability services to the Internet and intranets by adding connection - oriented services .
TCP ( Transmission Control Protocol ) is a connection - oriented transport protocol , while IP is a connectionless network protocol .
TCP ( Transmission Control Protocol ) is a streamoriented protocol that fragments incoming byte streams into messages that can be reliably transmitted across a connection oriented link to a destination system .
TCP , a connection - oriented service , can guarantee delivery but cannot guarantee on - time delivery .
TCP / IP ( Transmission Control Protocol / Internet Protocol ) is a set of communications procedures and standards that provide a basis for interconnecting dissimilar computers .
TCP / IP and IPX / SPX ( Internetwork Packet Exchange / Sequenced Packet Exchange ) are common internetworking protocols .
TCP / IP identifies each subnetwork on the Internet with a unique address and name .
TCP / IP includes a protocol called RARP ( Reverse Address Resolution Protocol ) that allows a computer to obtain an IP address from a server .
TCP / IP internetworks consist of subnetworks connected by routers as shown in Figure E - 9 .
TCP / IP makes internetworking easy .
TCP / IP masks the differences among LAN protocols , frame types , and addressing schemes .
TCP / IP networks consist of router - connected subnetworks that are located all over the world .
TCP / IP networks have proliferated in many organizations .
TCP / IP overlays existing LANs and their MAC addressing scheme with an internetwork addressing scheme that lets a user on one segment of the internetwork send messages to users on any other segment .
TCP / IP protocol packets are encapsulated inside the PPP frames and transported across the link .
TCP / IP provides fragmentation at routers , which can solve the problem of differences between frame sizes on two different networks .
TCP / IP was also made to run on PCs and other small computers .
TCP adds its own header information in the transport layer to form a packet called a segment .
TCP and SPX are transport layer protocols .
TCP can negotiate this value by measuring the time it takes to receive responses .
TCP connections are full - duplex , two - way virtual channels that allow either end system to send data at any time .
TCP header length : Specifies the length of the header .
TCP in turn uses IP to deliver information across a network .
TCP is a transport layer component of the Internet 's TCP / IP protocol suite .
TCP is described in IETF RFC 793 .
TCP manages this by starting with a simple connection request , which IP delivers .
TCP may have to deal with a number of connection parameters during the connection setup phase .
TCP messages and data ( officially called segments , as described later ) are encapsulated into IP datagrams and IP delivers them across the network .
TCP networks have an automatic mechanism to control the flow of data when networks become congested .
TCP provides all the upper level connection - oriented session requirements to ensure that data is delivered properly .
TCP uses a combination of these techniques , as described in " TCP ( Transmission Control Protocol ) . .
TCP uses a scheme called adaptive retransmission to continuously measure round - trip delays and adapt itself to changing conditions .
TCP uses IP to deliver packets , but if IP fails to deliver a packet , tcp provides the necessary services to resend the packet .
TCSEC ( Trusted Computer System Evaluation Criteria ) : The U . S . National Security Agency has outlined the requirements for secure products in a document titled Trusted Computer System Evaluation Criteria ( TCSEC ) .
TCSEC defines the criteria used to grade or rate the security of computer system products .
TCSEC is a collection of criteria used to grade or rate the security offered by computer systems .
TCSEC is a collection of criteria used to grade or rate the security offered by computer systems .
TCSEC is a publication of the United States NCSC ( National Computer Security Center ) .
TCSEC is more commonly called " The Orange Book " .
TCSEC is more commonly called the " Orange Book . " .
TDM ( time division multiplexing ) divides a circuit into timeslots and assigns a channel to each slot , as shown in Figure M - 14 ( b ) .
TDM is a base band technology in which individual channels of data or voice are interleaved into a single stream of bits on a communication channel , as shown in Figure M - 15 .
TDMA ( Time Division Multiple Access ) : This is a time - slot technique in which each device on the network is given a specific time slot in which to transmit .
TDMA ( Time Division Multiple Access ) : This is a time - slot technique where each device on the network is given a specific time slot in which to transmit .
TDMA competes with CDMA ( Code Division Multiple Access ) techniques for cellular networks .
TDMA gets most of its attention for its use in cellular phone systems , where it allows many more users to access the same radiofrequency channel than older cellular systems .
TDMA is a technique for allocating multiple channels on the same frequency in a wireless transmission system , such as a cellular phone system or a satellite communication system .
TDMA is used in the GSM ( Global System for Mobile Communications ) system .
TDRs can provide length measurements to determine if cable runs are longer than allowed for proper signaling .
TE devices are ISDN compatible , while TAs are devices that provide a connection point for non - ISDN equipment such as existing phones .
Technical advances also reduce the problems of weather .
Technically , a 9,600 - bit / sec CDMA call is spread out to a rate of about 1.23 Mbits / sec .
Technically , a C2 - compliant workstation cannot be hooked into a network .
Technically , a concentrator merges a certain number of incoming lines with a number of outgoing lines , or provides a central communication link for a number of devices .
Technically , a LAN consists of a shared medium to which workstations attach and communicate with one another using broadcast methods .
Technically , a TCP segment ( packet ) is sent with the SYN flag set .
Technically , pieces of data passing through the protocol stack are called PDUs ( protocol data units ) .
Technically , the destination address consists of all 1 bits and a frame containing all 1s in the destination field is received by all stations on the network .
Technically , the underlying physical paths through the packet - switching network may change to avoid congestion or downed lines , but the two end stations maintain a connection and update the path specification as necessary .
Technicians can certify wire by testing for noise levels and crosstalk .
Techniques for detecting flow include 3Com FastIP , Ipsilon IP Switching , and other techniques discussed under " IP Switching . " .
Techniques for providing bandwidth on demand solved these problems to some extent .
Ted Nelson actually coined the term hypertext back in 1965 and created a vision for a project called Xanadu that would actually implement hypertext on a Sun workstation .
Telecommunication systems and networks such as Ethernet have specific bit rates defined by standards to ensure that communication systems do not exceed the capacity of the specified equipment .
Telecommunications " is derived from the Greek " tele " ( distant ) and " communicate " ( sharing ) .
Telephone companies offer circuit - switched services and packet - switched services .
Telephone companies provide line conditioning upon request , and it is often necessary to improve transmission performance when communicating at higher rates ,such as 19,200 bits / sec 
Telephony in that respect is covered under " Telecommunications and Telephone Systems . " .
Telephony in this respect is covered under the following headings :
Telephony is all about converting sounds such as voice for delivery over a medium , such as copper wire or radio waves .
Television operates at about 30 fps ( frames per second ) , and the image shows no jerkiness or blurring .
Telnet is a client / server process in which the user invokes the Telnet application on the local system and sets up a link to a Telnet process running on a remote host .
Telnet is the login and terminal emulation protocol common on the Internet and in UNIX environments .
Telnet then transmits the requests to the Telnet server on the remote host .
Temporary connections can be made to a variety of sites to make bulk data transfers ( electronic mail and backup data ) or to provide additional bandwidth when needed .
Terminal and modem interfaces ( such as RS 232 ) employ a data link that has a number of separate lines for transmitting data and control signals .
Terminal are often called " dumb " devices because they have no processor of their own .
Terminal emulation software A PC is equipped with software that makes it look like an IBM 3270 or 5250 terminal .
Terminal servers are not gateways because the attached terminal devices are using a communication protocol that is compatible with the host .
Terminal servers can connect large numbers of terminals to mainframe or minicomputer systems over a LAN .
Terminal servers provide a way to connect large numbers of terminals to host systems .
Terminals attached to the cluster controller are called LU ( logical unit ) Type 2 devices .
Terrestrial microwave systems are commonly seen on the top of buildings and towers everywhere .
Test new programs or open unknown documents on this system .
Testing equipment such as protocol analyzers .
Tests have shown that HTTP 1.1 provides approximately a 50 percent improvement in download times and reduces the number of packets traversing the Internet by more than 50 percent .
Text files are generally viewable by all , and new universal files types like Adobe 's PDF ( Portable Document Format ) make this less of a problem .
TFTP also differs from FTP in that it only supports file transfers and does not have the user interface features that FTP has .
TFTP is a Internet file transfer protocol similar to FTP ( File Transfer Protocol ) , but it is scaled back in functionality so that it requires fewer resources to run .
TFTP uses the UDP ( User Datagram Protocol ) rather than TCP ( Transmission Control Protocol ) , which allows TFTP to be used in environments where TCP is not available .
That allows companies to build single private networks over public packet - switched networks to transport both voice and data .
That brings the total packet processing power of such devices to over 1 million packets per second .
That carrier then provides switching services between LATAs .
That diplomat provides services to the ambassador and coordinates his or her activities with a diplomat of equal rank at the other embassy .
That has not occurred , and it probably will not occur in the near future .
That includes almost every computing platform in the world , all the way from small handheld devices to IBM mainframe systems .
That is , after a client request is satisfied , any connection that existed is removed .
That is , clients send requests to servers , but there is no session connection between the systems .
That is a particularly difficult strategy to maintain , however .
That is because it is easier to encode data into a highbandwidth signal and because higher frequencies simply transmit signal changes at a faster rate .
That is the purpose of BUS .
That is were Web - based middleware and database connectivity products come into the picture .
That is where CAs ( certificate authorities ) enter the picture .
That is where network management systems based on SNMP ( Simple Network Management Protocol ) and RMON ( Remote Monitoring ) come in handy ( see the corresponding topics in this book , as well as the topic " Network Management ) .
That is where VLANs come into the picture .
That is why processors and data buses are rated in megahertz .
That link should follow a different path between systems to avoid the same problems that took out the first line ( such as a backhoe or storm ) .
That manager could then collect and monitor information in the HostTopN and Matrix groups to find out which hosts are transmitting the most information and which host they are talking to .
That may be the case in some environments but not in all .
That may seem high to home users , but it is a good price for telecommuters and home office users .
That means a LEO can only be used in the brief time that it crosses over a particular area .
That means reducing or avoiding delays , providing more predictable traffic patterns , and providing some priority scheme so that some traffic can get through in a hurry if necessary .
That means some technique such as TDM ( time division multiplexing ) , packet switching , or cell relay is required to transport data from many users at the same time .
That means that only one T1 circuit can be used per 50 - pair cable .
That means that users no longer search for files by opening file servers and disk drives and looking through a separate directory structure on each .
That means that users who are beyond a certain distance from the telephone company 's central office may not be able to obtain the higher speeds .
That means the bit stream is divided up into frames that can each carry data from a different device .
That means the core is 62.5 microns and the core with surrounding cladding is a total of 125 microns .
That means you make a short leasedline connection into the " frame relay " cloud , and the frame relay network takes care of routing packets to distant offices at a fraction of the cost of using dedicated leased lines .
That mrouter then transmits the packet on its tunnels to other mrouters .
That network grew through the 1970s with funding from the U . S . government , which provided an internetwork for the U . S . Department of Defense , government agencies , universities , and research organizations .
That number is calculated by incrementing the value in the Sequence Number field .
That port is basically the receiving point for a specific process that runs on the destination system .
That resulted in cheaper T1 rates .
That router may know what to do with the packet .
That router then indicates to the next router close to the source of the multicast that it wants to receive the multicast .
That server becomes the PDC ( primary domain controller ) for the domain and other servers become BDCs ( backup domain controllers ) .
That switch then creates a VC with the next switch , if necessary , and so on .
That will only happen if you make sure that enough storage is available and that it is not overwhelmed with useless or unnecessary data .
That will provide enough addresses to assign an IP address to every person and every conceivable device on the planet .
That 's easy if all the vehicles are the same size , but if the vehicles are cars , buses , and semi trucks , the varying sizes make it difficult to determine the throughput in advance .
That 's extremely difficult to guess or even crack , but also easy to forget .
That 's extremely difficult to guess or even crack , but also easy to forget .
The " additional information " sent in either case is called redundant bits .
The " container " concept allows administrators to build a hierarchy of containers as shown in Figure W - 5 .
The " Dilbert analogy " is appropriate here .
The " E " standards are the European equivalent to the " T " standards in the NADH ( North American Digital Hierarchy ) .
The " fast " in fast packet technologies comes from the fact that much of the error - checking , packet - sequencing , and acknowledgment services have been removed to improve the speed of the network .
The " fast " in fast packet technologies comes from the fact that much of the error - checking , packet sequencing , and acknowledgment services have been removed to improve the speed of the network .
The " home " IP address is the address assigned to the users computer on that network .
The " Related Entries " heading , near the end of this section , lists several sections in this book that discuss how voice can be carried over ATM and IP networks .
The " Request For Comments indexed by Glimpse " site , listed below under " Information on the Internet , " displays a line of text from the RFC for every matching search word .
The " virtual " in VPN implies that the carrier creates a virtual voice - switching network for you within its switching equipment .
The 10Base - T specifications are listed here .
The 1969 MCI Decision allowed MCI and other carriers to compete with AT &amp; T for longdistance communications .
The 30 kHz channels used in AMPS can provide a data rate of 19.2 Kbits / sec , but overhead reduces this to a more realistic rate of 9,600 bits / sec .
The 32 - bit IP address space is divided into two parts with the left part identifying a particular network and the right part identifying a host on a network .
The 3274 series cluster controllers are actually the older series IBM cluster controllers .
The 48port digital modem ( DM48 ) occupies two expansion slots on the MAX TNT .
The 50 MHz version is said to perform at 135 to 1,000 MIPS ( million instructions per second ) .
The 53 - byte ATM cell consists of 48 bytes of data and 5 bytes of header information .
The 56 - bit key provides quadrillions of possible key combinations .
The 64bit design allows addressing of up to four billion times more information than is possible with 32bit systems .
The 7 - bit network address space allows 127 network addresses and the 24 - bit host address space identifies 16,777,214 hosts per network .
The 802.1p specification defines an extended frame format for carrying the extra bits over Ethernet , token ring , FDDI ( Fiber Distributed Data Interface ) , or other MAC - layer media in a consistent way .
The 802.3z Task Group completed a core set of proposals in late 1996 .
The 802.5 committee is also working on the Dedicated Token Ring standard , which provides full - duplex connections and bandwidth up to 32 Mbits / sec .
The 8th bit in each slot is used for signaling .
The ability of public - key schemes to provide both message encryption and digital signatures is a boon to communication over digital networks .
The ability to access directories and files .
The ability to build applications such as groupware and workflow products that take advantage of the services provided in the messaging server .
The ability to create and support teams of users .
The ability to determine whether a transmission is from an authentic source or from someone or something masquerading as that source .
The ability to perform some or all of the above tasks from a single management location , which may be extremely remote from some sites .
The ability to plan and install the telecommunication wiring for a commercial building without any prior knowledge of the products that will use the wiring .
The ability to prevent unauthorized monitoring of data transmissions .
The ability to remotely control workstations and other devices .
The ability to schedule management tasks or jobs at specific times or dates .
The ability to send and receive facsimiles is another feature included with many systems .
The above backup procedures assume that files are being backed up one at a time .
The above procedure is called a hardware handshake because it is done by activating specific control lines in the hardware interface .
The abundance of standards in the digital market along with continued advances in analog services has slowed the move to fully digital systems .
The access line must be of sufficient capacity to handle the bandwidth expected by the customer .
The access method uses a central hub to control access to the cable and support real - time delivery of multimedia information .
The access server is essentially a client to the RADIUS server .
The access token contains the user 's SID ( security identifier ) , group IDs , and user rights .
The account a user logs into is authorized to access resources on a system or network .
The account feature handled by the admission control component is important .
The account is closed at the time specified .
The accounting system in NetWare can track and charge users for blocks read and written to disk , connect time , or service requests .
The accounts are also used for kiosk information systems in public areas or in organizations that make computers available to employees that need to look up information such as pension fund data or archival data .
The acknowledgment must arrive within a certain time period .
The ACL contains a list of users , groups , and other entities that have permission to access an object , along with the permissions .
The ACL stores a list of rights for each trustee ( users or entities ) that can access the object .
The Acrobat toolset is used to create Acrobat documents .
The Active Directory API provides a single , consistent , open set of interfaces for managing and using multiple directories .
The active monitor basically makes sure the network runs efficiently and without errors .
The active monitor watches over the network and looks for problems , such as errors in the delivery of frames .
The Active Platform consists of three primary components :
The ActiveX Server Framework services are described under " Active Platform , Microsoft . " .
The actual distance of transmission on copper cables is limited to 25 meters ( 82.5 feet ) ; but if fiber - optic connections are used , distances can range from 300 meters to 10 kilometers .
The actual framing takes place in the data link layer , and the data link layer passes these frames to the physical layer for transmission .
The actual name for most implementations today is IEEE 802.3 , but the name Ethernet has become so pervasive that it is hard to find a vendor or publication that does not refer to IEEE 802.3 as Ethernet .
The actual network cannot be mapped at any one time because new computers and networks are constantly joining the network and electronic pathways are constantly changing .
The actual technical work of the IETF is done in its working groups .
The actual topology of the MBone consists of a backbone of tunnels that form a mesh topology within each country .
The actual transition from NCP to TCP / IP took place on January 1,1983 
The added benefit of voice over frame relay is that all calls are included in the price of the link and might be considered free to some manager 's way of thinking .
The address field generally contains the address of a secondary station .
The address field holds the address of the destination , and the control field describes whether the information field holds data , commands , or responses .
The address for this page is http : / / www . ietf . org / html . charters / wg - dir . html .
The address is a 32 - bit binary number that contains two important pieces of information :
The address is randomly selected from a range of allowable addresses .
The address is then broadcast out over the network as a check to see if another device is already using the address .
The address resolution process is shown here :
The address you are assigned is just the network identifier portion .
The ADMIN object at the bottom of the tree is the highest - level administrator account that has control over the entire tree .
The administrative user can assign other people as subadministrators for part of the directory tree , if necessary , to enable distributed management .
The administrator account manages NDS and all the servers , users , and resources tracked by it .
The administrator can manage all the servers in the domain .
The administrator may also want to retain the management and topological layout of a segmented network .
The administrator of a Web site can also submit a request to search sites such as AltaVista to have his or her site searched .
The administrator typically programs the keys into the devices and personally delivers them to the intended sites to avoid compromise .
The advantage of ATM 's fixed - size cells is that service providers can allocate network bandwidth in advance and create contracts with their clients that guarantee a QoS .
The advantage of LANs is that they limit network broadcasts to a specific group of workstations , but if a flat , switched network is created , this advantage is lost .
The advantage of LDAP is that it runs over TCP / IP networks and still provides access to existing X.500 directories .
The advantage of links is that if the linked object is edited or updated , the contents of the compound document change as well .
The advantage of packet switching as compared to leased lines is that you pay only for the bandwidth you need .
The advantage of sharing the network with others is that some users might be underusing their share .
The advantage of switching fixed - length cells as opposed to variable - length packets is speed and deterministic data transmissions .
The advantage of this approach is that all edge devices are peers that know the network topology and can exchange information about it with other peers .
The advantage of this approach is that all edge devices are peers that know the network topology and can exchange information about it with other peers .
The advantage of this dynamic process is that the channel can be better optimized .
The advantage of this method is speed , but the entire volume must be backed up at the same time and the restore must usually be done on a disk that is physically the same as the original .
The advantage of this method is that connections sharing the same path through the network are grouped together and take advantage of the same management actions .
The advantage of this model is that processing systems and data are brought back under one roof where they are more easily managed and protected .
The advantage of this subdivision is that individual cells can be subdivided to fit the usage patterns in the metropolitan area .
The advantage of this technique is that VCs are set up on the fly and taken down after a period of nonuse .
The advantage of this type of digital circuit is that you only pay for the time that you actually use the line but you get the benefits of a private leased line .
The advantage of using frames is that data is broken up into recoverable chunks that can easily be checked for corruption .
The advantage of Web - based management tools is that Web protocols and technologies are ubiquitous .
The advantage of Web - based management tools is that Web protocols and technologies are ubiquitous for internal networks intranets and the Internet .
The advantages of infrared are many .
The advantages of MP + are described at Ascend 's Web site .
The AFS ( Andrew File System ) , is related to NFS .
The agent provided proxy services .
The agents then make this information available to NMSs ( network management stations ) .
The aggregation features provide a way to allow two or more computers on one side of an ATM network to send their datagrams through the same VC that has already been established on a network on the other side of the ATM network .
The agreed upon capacity is called the CIR ( committed information rate ) .
The agreement created 22 RBOCs ( regional Bell operating companies ) .
The agreements are strictly between ISPs who want to exchange information .
The AIW ( APPN Implementers Workshop ) Web site , listed at the end of this section , has more information on HPR .
The algorithm assigns unique identifiers to each bridge .
The algorithm is considered suitable for electronic commerce and is exportable around the world .
The algorithm is readily available and requires no licensing .
The algorithm runs through a series of calculations that eventually develops the cost of pathways to nodes and the pathway that has the least cost .
The algorithm takes some input , which is called the plaintext , and converts it to ciphertext .
The All Optical Networking Consortium was formed by AT &amp; T Bell Laboratories , Digital Equipment Corporation , and the Massachusetts Institute of Technology to investigate architectures for , and build prototypes of , all optical networks .
The allocated bandwidth from 5.2 to 5.35 GHz can be divided into five wireless LANs that operate in the same area .
The Alpha 21064A microprocessor is very similar to the 21164 ,but implements dual instruction issues and operates at either 200,233,275 , or 300 MHz 
The Alt group , on the other hand , is very informal .
The alternate sites are more than just data storage warehouses .
The alternative is to acknowledge higher up in the protocol stack and remove error checking from the network so it can transmit bits as fast as it can .
The alternative is to have a different IP address at your destination location , but this does not help if people are used to contacting you at your normal IP address .
The alternative is to just give things away and sell advertising space .
The alternative is to use one large drive , which does not have the performance benefits of an array and is a single point of failure .
The alternative to push is traditional Web browsing : you jump from site to site , making selections as you go , all the while waiting for pages to download .
The ALU is then compared to a target percentage threshold .
The ambassador at the highest level passes orders down to a lower - level diplomat .
The amount of time that a sender should wait for an acknowledgment cannot be a fixed value because some links , such as satellites , have longer delays than others .
The amount of time the process runs is user - selectable and determines the amount of compression applied to the data .
The amount of time the UPS battery supplies power .
The amplitude of a signal is measured at various intervals .
The analog wave is sampled , or read , hundreds or thousands of times per second to determine the position and value of analog waves .
The analyst then creates reports that are used for critical business decisions .
The anonymous / guest account user usually has very restricted access to the system and is often only allowed to access special public files .
The ANSI ( American National Standards Institute ) assigned responsibility for development of EDI standards to the ASC ( Accredited Standards Committee ) X.12 organization in 1979 .
The ANSI TP - PMD ( Twisted - Pair - Physical Medium Dependent ) standard defines an FDDI network that runs over Category 5 data - grade cable and IBM Type 1 STP cable .
The ANSI X3T9 committee developed the Fibre Channel Interconnect standard .
The AnyNet family is based on MPTN ( Multiprotocol Transport Networking ) architecture , an X / Open standard . AnyNet basically makes it easier to build multiprotocol networks in IBM environments and eliminates the need to build parallel networks that provide interconnections between computing devices .
The APIs in Microsoft Windows are quite sophisticated because they allow programs to build programs that easily access features such as pulldown menus , icons , scroll bars , and more .
The APIs within a CPI provide database , communication , presentation , and other services .
The AppleTalk protocol stack is pictured in Figure A5 .
The application - level server can allow users from the outside to access an FTP server , but it will look in each packet and block any packets with the PUT command for specific users .
The application communicates with the network software and the network software interacts with the network hardware .
The application layer is the top layer in the OSI protocol stack .
The application layer is the top layer of the OSI ( Open Systems Interconnection ) model .
The application layer is used to define a range of applications that handle file transfers , terminal sessions , and message exchange ( for example , electronic mail ) .
The application layer talks directly with the transport layer ( TCP and UDP ) .
The application provides an interface through which users can connect to a data source , make requests for data , and update data .
The application servers reside in the middle tier and provide application logic .
The application that initiated the transaction makes calls to RMs ( resource managers ) , which are participants in the transaction .
The application where an object is created is called its server application .
The applications may be network versions of commercial , offtheshelf software that allow multiple users to access and run the program .
The approach works like this :
The Arback and Boole &amp; Babbage products also support remote vaulting .
The architectural design allowed developers to create programs that were independent of the physical configuration of a particular computer installation .
The architectural elements of MTS are described here .
The architecture as defined includes a hybrid fiber v coaxial cable plant with an 80 - kilometer radius .
The architecture has also been adopted by The Open Group .
The architecture of the environment is pictured in Figure N - 4 .
The archive provide a record of events , activities , problems , and solutions that can be referred to at any time .
The ARCNET ( Attached Resource Computing Network ) is a baseband , tokenpassing network system that offers flexible star and bus topologies at a low price .
The ARPANET network linked defense facilities , government research laboratories , and university sites .
The arrangement of the slots and picking devices affect performance , depending on the space between a disk and the picking device .
The article has additional statistics and information about companies that have chosen mainframes over network servers and client / server systems .
The AS , which has a copy of the client 's password , encrypts the TGT with a key derived from the user 's password .
The AS / 400 is the current model in this series .
The AS / 400 systems are for customers that want to take advantage of the business applications available on that platform .
The AS does not send the TGT directly to the target server .
The AS server is physically secured and managed by a single administrative staff .
The AS stores passwords for all users in a central database .
The Ascend Pipeline 75 remote access device determines when to add or subtract channels as follows : A specified time period is used as the basis for calculating ALU ( average line utilization ) .
The assignment of port numbers to particular services is not strictly controlled but is commonly followed throughout the industry .
The asymmetrical ( public - key ) scheme uses two keys - one to encrypt and one to decrypt .
The asymmetrical scheme provides the best solution because one of the keys in the pair is intended to be available for public use .
The asynchronous balanced mode is designed for point - to - point connections between two computers over a duplex line .
The asynchronous mode is also unbalanced , but the secondary station may initiate a transmission on its own .
The ATM adaptation layer defines the process of converting information from upper layers into ATM cells .
The ATM Forum defined the LANE ( LAN Emulation ) 1.0 specification in 1995 .
The ATM Forum has developed MPOA ( Multiprotocol over ATM ) , which moves routing to a special server called the route server .
The ATM Forum is recommending FDDI ( 100 Mbits / sec ) , Fibre Channel ( 155 Mbits / sec ) , OC3 SONET ( 155 Mbits / sec ) , and T3 ( 45 Mbits / sec ) as the physical interfaces for ATM . Currently , most carriers are providing T3 links to their ATM networks .
The ATM Forum is working to develop voice over ATM standards so that organizations can consolidate networks for voice , data , video , and multimedia .
The ATM Forum is working to fix this problem with LANE version 2.0 .
The ATM Forum Residential Broadband ( RBB ) Working Group is defining an end - to - end ATM system both to and from the home to a variety of devices , such as set - top boxes and PCs .
The ATM Forum 's MPOA supports the use of the IETF 's NHRP routing protocol .
The ATM Forum 's MPOA uses NHRP .
The ATM Forum 's Web site is http : / / www . atmforum . com .
The ATM layer defines the cell format , how cells are transported , and how congestion is handled .
The ATM layer defines the structure of the ATM cell .
The ATM network could consist of thousands of interconnected switches from multiple vendors , so a standard protocol such as PNNI is critical to allow equipment to work together .
The ATM reference model is shown in Figure A11 and described here :
The ATM switch also provides a backbone for the data network .
The ATM switch determines in advance whether it has the capacity to handle the data flow across this circuit .
The ATM switching fabric may be your own organization 's backbone or a carrier - based wide area network .
The ATMARP server then requests the host 's IP and ATM addresses , which are then stored in the ATMARP lookup table for future use .
The attached computer detects this signal on the data terminal ready line and activates its clear to send line .
The attacker impersonates or masquerades as the legitimate user .
The attacker may monitor the network for long periods of time and record valuable and sensitive information that can be sold to competitors or foreign governments , or that can be used for later attacks .
The auditing records can then be reviewed on a regular basis to determine if a system is being attacked or to determine how it was attacked .
The auditor can then set up auditing features , view audit logs , and work in designated audit directories .
The auditor can track the activities of the administrator but not perform any other tasks that the administrator can perform .
The auditor then logs in to the account and immediately changes the password , effectively blocking all access to the account , even by the network administrator .
The authentication and authorization scheme is pictured in Figure K - 1 and outlined here :
The authentication information that was initially collected from the client in Step 1 is forwarded to the corporate gateway .
The authentication server goes through similar steps to generate a response using the challenge and secret key .
The authentication system is based on Kerberos .
The available bandwidth is divided into two channels at different carrier frequencies so that either modem can send and receive at the same time .
The B - ISDN architecture defines ATM ( Asynchronous Transfer Mode ) at roughly the data link layer and SONET ( Synchronous Optical Network ) at the physical layer .
The B channels can also be combined to form a single 128Kbit / sec data channel .
The B channels can be used for either voice or data and combined to form a 128 - Kbit / sec data channel .
The Baby Bells were the result of the restructuring agreement of AT &amp; T in 1984 .
The backbone interconnects regional networks , regional networks implement a star topology with tunnels that fan out to connect with MBone participants in that area .
The backbone is dedicated to handling internetwork traffic .
The backbone may be either distributed or collapsed , as shown in Figure N - 16 .
The backbone must be high speed because periphery networks are connected to it .
The backbone now operates at 10 Gbits / sec ,enough capacity to carry 129,000 simultaneous telephone calls over the hair - thin strand , according to MCI 
The backbone operated at 2.5 Gbits / sec before Quad - WDM and at 10 Gbits / sec after installing Quad - WDM multiplexor devices .
The backbone should be built with a high - speed medium or an enterprise hub that contains a high - speed collapsed backbone .
The backbone wiring runs up through the floors of the building or across a campus and provides the interconnection for equipment rooms and telecommunication closets .
The backend systems are close to the data they work on , so this arrangement uses the network efficiently .
The backend systems then process the requests , searching and sorting data , serving up files , and providing other services .
The backplane is like the motherboard of a personal computer but far superior in its architecture , at least on highend hub / switch devices .
The backplane of a hub is like the motherboard of a personal computer in concept , but usually far superior in design .
The backup rotation method discussed here stores current and older data on a set of media that you can store in other locations , thus reducing the risk of losing your only backup set .
The backup server may back up files on the mirrored servers every day , every hour , or at other defined intervals .
The BACP specification was under evaluation by the IETF at the time of this writing .
The bandwidth from 932 to 1,999 MHz is allocated to planes and ships 
The bandwidth occupied by various communication technologies is listed here :
The bandwidth of a system refers to its data - carrying capacity .
The bandwidth of this group is 48 kHz and occupies the frequency range of 60 to 108 kHz .
The bandwidth of this wire is limited to approximately 3,000 Hz due to its use as a voice telephone system .
The bandwidth requirements of various applications are listed here .
The bandwidth that is available for " borrowing " is bandwidth that is not in use on the network .
The bank extracts relevant data from many different systems .
The base station picks up these signals and informs the switching office that the particular device is located within its area .
The basic 12 channels just discussed form a group .
The basic channel in both systems is the 64 - Kbit / sec channel that supports one voice call .
The basic channel is 64 Kbits / sec and designed to handle a digitized voice telephone call .
The basic channel provides 64 Kbits / sec of throughput .
The basic concept has been to simply increase the data rate of the network .
The basic concept is simple : someone records a voice - mail message in the normal way and enters the phone number or other information that identifies the recipient .
The basic concept is to detect a " flow " of packets , route the first packet to determine where it is going , and then switch the remaining packets across a layer 2 dedicated path .
The basic description of a multihomed host is a computer that has multiple network connections .
The basic idea is to assign blocks of class C addresses to a site based on the number of host addresses that site needs .
The basic idea is to let users dial in to your network and access electronic mail , sales reports , inventories , company bulletins , and other information that is vital to their job on the road or at remote locations .
The basic procedure for signing code is for a publisher to get a certificate from a certification authority .
The basic steps a client goes through to interact with an FTP server are described here :
The basic steps performed in a DTC - controlled transaction are outlined here :
The basic tag - switching process is to first identify routes through the network .
The bastion host is the main point of contact to the outside and so is the most vulnerable system .
The beginning flag field indicates the start of the frame .
The Bell standards are summarized here :
The Bell standards were the first methods used to control the communication process between two modems .
The Bellman - Ford algorithm is used to calculate routes for transmitting packets through networks with multiple paths to a destination .
The BellmanFord distancevector routing algorithm is used by routers on internetworks to exchange routing information about the current status of the network and how to route packets to their destination .
The benefits HSM provides to large , geographically diverse organizations are also important .
The benefits of cells ( as opposed to frames ) for data delivery are discussed further under " Cell Relay " and " Packet and Cell Switching " .
The best analogy is a ferry that carries cars across a river or channel .
The best example is AT &amp; T 's SDN ( Software - Defined Network ) , which is discussed here , but readers are encouraged to check offerings from other providers , such as MCI 's Vnet ( http : / / www . mci . com ) .
The best example of this model is the PointCast ( http : / / www . pointcast . com ) system .
The best management products know how to fully exploit this information and extract meaningful information that allows administrators to better manage their networks .
The best performance is achieved with one workstation per port so that there is no contention at all when that workstation wants to transmit .
The best performance is obtained when a single computer is attached to the port , since that computer is then the only contender for the port .
The best place to find comparative information about operating systems is at magazine sites that feature articles about network computing .
The best place to find this information is in product comparison articles published by major industry magazines .
The best protection is to lock up systems and carefully monitor the activities of employees , especially people who might be leaving the company or who are suspected of being malicious for some reason .
The best way for them to do that is through a single Web - based interface that gives them access to all the corporate information systems .
The best way for them to do that is through a single Webbased interface that gives them access to all the corporate information systems .
The best way to think of this is at the department level .
The better the equipment , the faster these decisions are made .
The BGP ( Border Gateway Protocol ) is an exterior gateway protocol used between autonomous systems .
The BGP paper at Avi Freedman 's Web site ( see address at the end of this topic ) puts this succinctly :
The biggest problem this creates is near - end cross talk , or NEXT , which occurs near the transmitter and creates distortions that typically affect signals on an adjacent receive line , as shown here :
The bindery contains object records .
The bindery is a database file in the NetWare network operating systems for versions previous to NetWare 3.x .
The BISYNC frame is shown here :
The bit rate of a channel is the bits - per - second transfer rate that the channel supports .
The bit stream represents every bit in the original data with multiple bits in the generated stream , thus spreading the signal across a wider frequency band .
The bits are converted to a series of electromagnetic pulses that the receiver must interpret .
The bits flow in a stream through the circuits and are extracted at the carrier end for delivery to a destination device .
The bits provide fragmentation and reassembly information to the destination .
The blocks on the right show how Java is supported on so - called " thin " clients or network computers that are specifically designed to run Java on top of JavaOS , discussed in the next section .
The blocks under this layer on the left represent how Java runs on existing PCs , Macintosh computers , and other systems that have their own operating systems .
The BN or EBN routes information among subnetworks .
The BNC barrel connector is used to join two cable segments .
The BNC connector attaches directly to the cable .
The BNC Tconnector provides the cable attachment to the network interface card .
The BNC terminator has a resistor to terminate the coaxial cable .
The board should have a BNC - type connector attached to the back and might also have a thick Ethernet connector .
The boot image provides all the files required to start the operating system on the computer .
The border of a LATA defines where local service ends and long - distance service begins .
The bottom layer , called the physical layer , is responsible for transmitting these messages as bit streams across a physical medium .
The bottom of the hierarchy in Figure T - 6 seems to indicate that all lines from COs terminate at a single phone .
The bottom of the illustration shows the structure of the physical LAN .
The bridge does not maintain forwarding tables , it sends packets to LAN segments based on the packet address information .
The bridge forwards frames to attached LAN segments if the frames are addressed to stations on that LAN segment .
The bridge must perform filtering to keep unnecessary traffic from crossing the link , or a router can be used to control traffic between networks .
The bridge will only forward packets that have a destination address on the destination segment , thus minimizing unnecessary packet deliveries .
The bridge with the lowest identifier is selected as the root .
The bridging table is constantly updated with new source addresses and updates as the network changes .
The browser can also handle much of the processing in this relationship , it formats and displays the HTML information , which is transferred as a simple , relatively small file from the Web server .
The browser can also include add - ons that allow it to display video , sound , and 3 - D images .
The browser can invoke remote applications , and its integration with HTTP ( Hypertext Transfer Protocol ) protocols makes access to applications platform independent , allowing " universal access " to any application .
The buffers on some NICs are large enough to hold an entire transmission until the processor can get to it .
The builtin ROM routines are small there is just enough code to direct the system to a disk where it can begin to load the much larger operating system files .
The bus architectures of previous routing devices are replaced with switching matrices , and packet processing is handled by dedicated processors designed specifically for that purpose .
The bus can handle simultaneous reads and writes .
The bus design using TDM is pictured in Figure B3 ( b ) : A slot is reserved in a continuously repeating transmission on the bus for each port .
The bus itself is collapsed into a small box called a concentrator .
The bus speed can be increased to provide higherperformance inputs and outputs .
The business sets up a PBX that essentially provides an extension of the telephone company 's switching system into the local business .
The C2 rating is required for systems that are installed at many U . S . government installations .
The C2 rating refers to a set of security policies that define how a secure system operates .
The CA signs ( encrypts ) the certificate with its own key .
The CA then locks the digital certificate with its own public key .
The cable companies are also becoming ISPs by providing a way for home users and companies to connect into the Internet over the CATV system .
The cable connects two points , and wires within the cable provide individual circuits between the two points .
The cable costs under 40 cents per foot .
The cable has four pairs and costs under 20 cents per foot .
The cable has four pairs and three twists per foot .
The cable has low capacitance and exhibits low crosstalk due to the high number of twists per foot .
The cable head end office has equipment to receive terrestrial and space - based transmissions from sources around the world .
The cable head end office receives signals from a variety of sources , and these signals are retransmitted over the trunk cable and neighborhood distribution cables to homes , businesses , and schools .
The cable is a simple copper twisted - pair wire .
The cable is designed for direct termination with connectors within patch panels .
The cable is designed for the LAN environment and light is typically generated with a LED ( light - emitting diode ) .
The cable provided a direct connection between phones for the duration of the call .
The cable tester will indicate when you are near the wire that is producing the tone .
The cable TV companies are also offering high - speed access ( using 10 - Mbit / sec Ethernet ) over their existing cable systems .
The cabling requirement for 100Base - T4 is four pairs of wire , which means you can use Category 3 , Category 4 , and Category 5 UTP cabling .
The cabling requirements are discussed next .
The caller may dial this extension directly ( called DID , ordirect inward dialing ) , select it in response to an automated message , or have an attendant connect the call to an extension .
The calls are routed to the IXC 's point of presence within the LATA , then out across the long - distance lines and back into a point of presence at the remote LATA .
The capacity of a data channel is a measure of its transmission rate , usually measured in bits per second .
The captured frames are displayed in raw or filtered form for network technicians to evaluate .
The captured information is then monitored to evaluate network performance , locate bottlenecks , or even track security breaches .
The cards are called the Ethernet NuBus ( NB ) card for Macintosh IIs or the Ethernet LC card for Macintosh LCs .
The carrier may provide a discount rate or a higher quality of service over dial - up lines .
The carrier may provide a special rate on such lines if they cover long distances within its own area of operation .
The carrier preprograms a path through the network , called a virtual circuit , and provides a contracted amount of bandwidth called CIR ( committed information rate ) .
The carrier programs virtual circuits into the network between your sites and charges you for a specific level of service called the CIR ( committed information rate ) , which can range from 56 Kbits / sec all the way up to T3 speeds ( 44.736 Mbits / sec ) .
The carrier signal is a specific frequency .
The carrier then attempts to guarantee that service level by managing the network infrastructure .
The carrier usually defines virtual circuits through the network that provide the same guaranteed bandwidth and efficient delivery as a dedicated leased line .
The carrier will guarantee that it can supply this rate by not overbooking its network .
The carriers are just starting to make these services available , although they are based on technology that the carriers have used for T1 circuits .
The carriers prefer to preprogram VCs ( virtual circuits ) through their networks and lease them .
The carriers that handle services within a LATA , whether an RBOC or an independent company , are referred to as LECs ( local exchange carriers ) .
The carriers use a variety of transmission systems , including fiber - optic cable and microwave transmissions systems , between its central offices and other telephone company switching systems .
The carriers use B - ISDN technology to connect their own systems .
The Castanet Proxy caches frequently requested channels to minimize cross - firewall traffic and provide prompt response to subscribers inside the firewall .
The CATV cabling system is another option , as discussed under " Cable ( CATV ) Data Networks and Modems . " .
The CCITT ( Consultative Committee for International Telephony and Telegraphy ) which is part of the ITU ( International Telecommunication Union ) , defined the X.400 MHS standard , an electronic system for exchanging messages among store - and - forward mail systems running on a wide variety of platforms .
The CCITT is part of the ITU ( International Telecommunication Union ) , which has a history that stretches back to 1865 .
The CCITT worked out its own digital hierarchy which , unfortunately , is slightly different than NADH .
The CCITT X.400 Message Handling System was supposed to provide a system for exchanging messages among a wide variety of messaging platforms , but it has not caught on .
The CCITT X.400 MHS standard defines an electronic system for exchanging messages among store - and - forward mail systems running on a wide variety of platforms .
The CCITT X.500 directory services standard provides the model that vendors have been following to build proprietary directory services .
The CDE interface is designed to make operating systems less complex for users who need powerful desktop platforms to get their work done .
The CDE is a user interface for UNIX environments that was developed as a cooperative effort by members of The Open Group ( http : / / www . opengroup . org ) .
The CDF lists each page at the site in the form of its URL .
The CDG is composed of telecommunication service providers and manufacturers who are pushing for interoperability standards among related equipment vendors .
The CDPD Forum is a consortium that provides information about CDPD .
The cell is 53 bytes in length : 48 bytes for payload and 5 bytes for header information .
The cell size is compatible with ATM ( Asynchronous Transfer Mode ) and B - ISDN ( Broadband - Integrated Services Digital Network ) networks .
The cells have a limited geographic area that may cover an entire town or a segment of a large metropolitan area , as shown in Figure C - 3 .
The cellular system selects a channel for the user to use during the duration of the call .
The central office is connected to other central offices and long - distance facilities .
The central office is the telephone company building seen in local neighborhoods .
The central systems they rely on must be powerful enough to handle all the NCs on the network .
The CERN proxy services are a set of protocols recognized around the world as a standard for implementing proxy services on intranets and the Internet .
The certificate can then be used for online business transactions or for secure logon to servers .
The CGI interface is the protocol that provides a two - way interface between Web clients and Web servers and the CGI script is the set of commands that determines what happens when they communicate .
The change of state can represent binary information .
The changes written by that user may not appear on the screens of other users who had the file open .
The channels are dial - up , so customers can use the service only when needed or establish a link to handle traffic overflow from another line .
The channels can be used individually for voice telephone calls or aggregated to create a high - speed data channel .
The ChannelViewer works in the background to retrieve information .
The characteristics of C2 are described under " C2 SecurityRating . " Note that no operating system is ever C2 certified .
The characters are replaced with a compression code , one of the characters , and a value that represents the number of characters to repeat .
The charges of reaching a hub over a dedicated line are eliminated , and ISPs benefit from 7x24 staffing , redundant electrical power , and high - speed links .
The charter for this group is at http : / / www . ietf . org / html . charters / tls - charter . html .
The cheapest route might not be the fastest , but is preferable for some types of traffic .
The Cheswick / Bellovin and Chapman / Zwicky books mentioned above provide the material that most firewall vendors use when describing their firewall implementations .
The chip can issue four instructions every clock cycle .
The chip is available in various models to match different operating systems with operating frequencies in the 300 MHz to 500 MHz range .
The choice between using a connection - oriented or connectionless channel depends on the underlying service .
The choice of one over the other depends on the installation .
The CI ( Component Interface ) allows products to be managed by applications calling the DMI .
The CI lets product manufacturers define the level of management needed for their products .
The CIM scheme is a set of published and standardized classes that represent hardware devices and other manageable objects in the network environment .
The CIR is basically a guarantee from the carrier that it will always have that bandwidth available .
The CIR is the negotiated rate , but if you go over it , additional charges apply .
The circuit is divided into time slots , each of which is preallocated to some channel .
The circuit may exist as a physical cable between two systems or may exist logically within a multiplexed or switched system .
The circuits are bidirectional and can provide 100 MB / sec ( or greater ) of transmission speed in both directions .
The circuits are ideal for temporary connections and backup lines to supplement dedicated lines .
The circuits can be used for two separate phone calls , a phone call and a computer connection , or two separate computer connections .
The cladding , which is a glass sheath that surrounds the core , is a key component .
The cladding diameter for graded multimode cable ranges from 125 to 140 microns .
The cladding diameter for step mode cables ranges from 125 to 1,050 microns .
The class A networks are already assigned , and most organizations are too large for class C networks .
The class B scheme provides for over 16,000 networks , but these addresses are also allocated .
The Class D addresses indicate that they are part of a multicast group .
The class system was put into place in the early days of the Internet when no one conceived of the Internet as being as large as it is today .
The client / server model provides the architecture required to deploy distributed systems as discussed under the heading " Client / Server Computing . " .
The client " broadcasts " the message on the network and continues to send the message until it receives a response from the server .
The client accesses a remote LAN by connecting to a Windows NT RAS ( Remote Access Server ) at the corporate site that is PPTP - enabled .
The client allocates buffers for three frames .
The client application makes a call to the API , and the API communicates with the DBMS .
The client can instead make request to a server that manages a group of devices .
The client can refuse to accept articles that it already has .
The client combines the user name with the nonce and encrypts this combination using the user 's password as the key .
The client decrypts the response to extract the server ticket and the session key .
The client is an intelligent system that performs its own processing .
The client keeps track of the frames that it can receive and the server keeps track of the frames that it can send .
The client makes a logon request to the server .
The client may also be a dedicated process that runs on a continuous basis to monitor and manage systems .
The client merely calls the transactions and receives the results .
The client only accepts one offer , then broadcasts the confirmation message on the network .
The client only needs to run simple Web services to connect with the Web server .
The client runs on a user 's computer and handles things like screen display , graphical user interface features , and user input .
The client says " I have Visa . " .
The client sends an acknowledgment that contains the sequence number of the next frame it expects ( i . e . , frame 4 ) and updates its sliding window to indicate that frames 4 , 5 , and 6 are expected next .
The client system collects user input and displays output .
The client then acknowledges that it received the acknowledgment , and data transmission begins .
The client then acknowledges this acknowledgment by sending a message back to the server .
The client then uses the CA 's public key ( which it has presumably already obtained ) to open the certificate and pull out the Web site 's public key .
The client tier interacts with the components and the components interact with the data services tier .
The clients in this case can be management processes running in standard Web browsers .
The clients must use a mail application that has built - in POP client software in order to access mail from a POP server .
The client 's Web browser properly formats and displays the HTML information from the server .
The cluster controller then connects with the host system over a leased line .
The cluster is the fundamental unit of disk allocation for NTFS .
The CNIU has interfaces to support circuit - switched services for digital telephones and other isochronous services , as well as bridging modules to support a variety of LANs , including the IEEE 802 LAN standards .
The code can then be verified using functions that validate the digital signature , as discussed under " Certificates and Certification Systems . " .
The code helps each receiver access the bits that are meant for it .
The code helps each receiver access the bits that are meant for it .
The coded data is spread out in a very wide band signal , which is hard for eavesdroppers to listen in on .
The coded data is spread out in a very wideband signal , which is hard for eavesdroppers to listen in on .
The collision problem is one factor that imposes a limit on the trunk length of an Ethernet segment .
The combination of the DES - encrypted message and the public - key - encrypted DES key form a digital envelope .
The combination of the moving tape and moving drum provide a high data transfer rate .
The command may display information about the user , depending on the operating system and security policies in place .
The command requires the user ID or name of a user .
The command set is minimized so the users cannot get directory listings .
The command takes the form ping ipaddress , where ipaddress is the numeric IP address of the host you want to contact .
The commands are formed with ASCII .
The commands placed in login scripts can map network drives for users , switch them to specific drives , display menus , and start applications .
The CommerceNet initiative is testing the exchange of EDI documents over SMTP ( Simple Mail Transport Protocol ) using MIME ( Multipurpose Internet Mail Extension ) .
The commercial version , called Enhanced CU - SeeMe and put out by White Pine Software , supports the H.323 interoperability standard when it is used with White Pine 's MeetingPoint conference server .
The commission was officially inaugurated in July , 1995 , at a meeting hosted by The World Bank .
The common language for accessing most database systems is SQL ( Structured Query Language ) , which is discussed under the heading , " SQL ( Structured Query Language ) . " .
The communication controller is often called a front - end processor because it is a separate device from the host system that handles all communication with external devices such as terminals .
The communication controller is then attached to a channel of the mainframe .
The communication controller then manages the flow of information from these cluster controllers over a telecommunication link to a communication controller at the main site , which is itself connected to the host .
The communication server provides communication channels for one or more users simultaneously , depending on the software and the hardware capabilities .
The companies are also working on the PC 98 System Design Guideline and the WHIIG ( Windows Hardware Instrumentation Implementation Guide ) , expected to be available in late 1997 or early 1998 .
The company , which was acquired by Security Dynamics in 1996 , develops and markets platform - independent developers ' kits and end - user products and also provides comprehensive cryptographic consulting services .
The company formed the Open ICA Forum to work toward that goal , with IBM and Motorola participating in the forum .
The company grew so large that the federal government had to regulate it .
The company has fully committed itself to the Internet protocols and builds all its applications to take advantage of Web technologies .
The company has its own solution in the form of DR - Web , a product that makes it easy to view SNMP management information by mapping SNMP data into HTML , which is the document description language for Web browsers .
The company initially sold a set of computer systems for scientists and engineers and soon began competing with IBM in the business environment .
The company is an alliance that includes members such as AirTouch Communications , Bell Atlantic , NINEX , and US West Media Group .
The company is developing solutions for what it calls business - to - business electronic commerce .
The company was founded in late 1984 by a small group of computer scientists from Stanford University .
The company went public in February of 1990 .
The company 's first product was a spin - off of Mosaic called Netscape Navigator .
The complete RFC is located at http : / / ds2. internic . net / rfc / rfc2002. txt .
The component - based software model consists of the components themselves , containers , which are the shells where objects are assembled , and scripting , which allows developers to write the directives that make components interact .
The component - based software model consists of the components themselves , containers , which are the shells where objects are assembled and run , and scripting , which allows developers to write the directives that make components interact .
The component - based software model consists of the components themselves ; containers , which are the shells where objects are assembled ; and scripting , which allows developers to write the directives that make components interact .
The component approach breaks up complex programs into smaller components that are easier to manage , deploy , and update .
The component stays on your computer and goes into action every time you visit the financial site by downloading the latest information about the holdings in your portfolio .
The components are described here :
The components are described here :
The components are downloaded to a user 's browser and remain available to the browser for future use .
The components described in the following sections are typically part of a 10Base - T network .
The components have a standard interface so that they can be combined like building blocks into complex business solutions .
The components in the single computer are pretty much guaranteed to be available when needed .
The components may be stored permanently on the user 's system for later use or may go into the cache , where they may be deleted after a period of nonuse .
The components of a 10Base - 2 network are described in the next sections .
The compound document contains a link that describes where the object file is located , and the object is displayed inside the compound document when the document is opened .
The computer side of the connection is called a DTE ( data terminal equipment ) and the connected device , usually a modem , is called the DCE ( data circuit - terminating equipment ) .
The computing environment for many people goes well beyond the desktop .
The concept behind 56K modems is to remove all digital - to - analog conversions except for the one required for outbound traffic at the users modem .
The concept is now very familiar .
The concept of switching cells is the gist of this discussion .
The configuration pictured on the left in Figure N - 14 illustrates a scenario where four sites are completely interconnected .
The connection - oriented TCP ( Transmission Control Protocol ) adds reliability to the underlying connectionless IP ( Internet Protocol ) .
The connection can be secured using the S - HTTP ( Secure HTTP ) protocol or some other protocol such as SSL ( Secure Sockets Layer ) .
The connection from the computer to the modem is typically an RS - 232 serial cable .
The connection speed determines the actual price .
The connection that is established is called a virtual path or virtual circuit .
The connections used for asynchronouscommunications are defined in the physical layer of the OSI reference model .
The connector is physically smaller , but uses 68 pins instead of 50 .
The consortium is jointly hosted by the MIT / LCS ( Massachusetts Institute of Technology Laboratory for Computer Science ) in the United States ; INRIA ( Institut National de Recherche en Informatique et en Automatique ) in Europe ; and the Keio University Shonan Fujisawa campus in Asia .
The consortium is led by Tim Berners - Lee , original creator of the World Wide Web technologies .
The consortium published its first specifications in July 1993 that define how network providers and equipment manufacturers should design and build products and services for the cellular networks .
The constraints of preestablishing a VC all the way through before transmission are removed .
The consumer can then have the CyberCash Wallet pay for the purchase by simply clicking the Pay button .
The contents of the box is unimportant .
The contents of the Web browser become a compound document .
The contract specified that protocols and procedures were to be implemented as well .
The contract 's purpose was to construct a network for sharing resources that used existing telephone circuits and switching nodes .
The control field identifies the information contained in the frame as either data , commands , or responses .
The control information can acknowledge frames , request retransmission of frames , request a suspension of transmission , as well as other commands and responses .
The control software running in 3Com 's NICs identifies client application requirements , sets priorities , and initiates prioritized sessions with the network core and edge systems .
The controllers also hold lastknownlocation information for terminals for message forwarding .
The conversation takes place via typed messages , and the users must be connected to the same IRC server .
The core diameter for single - mode step cable is 4 to 10 microns , and the cladding diameter is from 75 to 125 microns .
The core is small and provides high bandwidth at long distances .
The core is the transparent glass ( or plastic ) component of the cable .
The core operating system is based on the Mach kernel , which provides a highperformance I / O ( input / output ) architecture , file system , messaging and scheduling between applications , and networking .
The core protocol for the service is LDAP ( Lightweight Directory Access Protocol ) , which allows the service to work across operating system boundaries and integrate multiple namespaces .
The core specifications for step - index and graded - index multimode cables range from 50 to 1,000 microns .
The corporate DFS volume links into specific parts of these shares as needed to provide corporate users with information from other locations in the organization .
The corporate gateway receives these frames , strips L2TP , and processes them as normal incoming frames .
The corporate site assigns an IP address to a remote client instead of the ISP .
The corresponding address is returned to your Web browser , which then makes a direct connection to the Web server .
The corruption caused by converted signals is called quantization noise .
The COs are connected together with a variety of transmission facilities , including copper cable , fiber - optic cable , and microwave transmission towers .
The cost and risk of failure in making such a move is too high .
The cost of leased lines depends on the capacity of the line , the distance , and the provider .
The court then orders that all accounts be frozen .
The CPU manages the flow of information between the channel adapter and the interface units .
The crashed server must be updated when it is brought back online .
The CRC method operates on blocks of data called frames .
The CRC provides error detection and correction .
The credentials that a client needs in order to access a server include a server ticket .
The CRL LAPs are also connected into the NAPs and MAEs .
The cryptanalyst might even find a way to get some text inserted into a sensitive document before it is encrypted , then use the techniques described above to look for the message in the ciphertext .
The CSI site also has an extensive list of Web sites you can visit .
The CSMA / CD ( carrier sense multiple access / collision detection ) method provides a way to arbitrate access to a shared medium .
The CSMA / CD access control method is used to arbitrate how stations access the shared medium .
The CSMA / CD collision detection mechanism senses collisions , and both workstations back off for a random period of time and then try transmitting again later .
The CSMA / CD method is efficient when network traffic is light .
The CSU ( channel service unit ) installed at customer sites also provides its own line conditioning functions in the form of equalization functions and signal regeneration .
The CSU / DSU ( channel service unit / data service unit ) connects the customer 's router to the phone company 's network .
The CSU / DSU provides signal conversion and clocking between the two communication channels .
The CSU provides various loop - back tests on the line and keeps the line connected if the other communication equipment attached to it fails .
The current EDI structure is expanding to accommodate the Internet , but this expansion requires a way for organizations that have not previously established electronic business relationships to translate among systems and electronic forms .
The current goal is a backbone that provides up to 2 Gbits / sec of throughput .
The current location of the bus is shown via information provided by GPS .
The current method of running voice over frame relay requires proprietary time division multiplexors that are not always interoperable with other vendors 'devices .
The current RMON RFC is RFC 1757 , which was released in 1995 .
The current standard for voice compression is the ITU ( International Telecommunication Union ) G.729 algorithm , which can provide toll - quality voice and uses only 8 Kbits / sec of bandwidth per voice channel .
The current standard is MTP - 2 , which provides some service improvements over the original standard , such as the ability to retransmit packets to a specific branch of a multicast group , thus reducing excess traffic in branches that dont need the retransmission .
The current standard specifies operation in the 2.4 GHz frequency range using spread spectrum , infrared , and other techniques .
The current state of multicasting on the Internet is one that consists of multicast - aware routers and traditional routers that only support unicast .
The current trend is to build a single cabling system that supports data transmission , voice conversations , and videoconferencing .
The current trend is to build data warehouses that extract , summarize , collate , clean up , and present data from back - end production and legacy systems in a way that makes it more accessible to users .
The current trend is to provide so - called middleware products between the clients and servers to allow users to access any back - end server using a variety of front - end applications .
The current trend seems to favor long - distance companies with providing end - to - end data and voice services for large companies while the RBOCs continue to manage the local loop .
The current version is called POP3 .
The current version of BGP is version 4 , which is documented in RFC 1771 .
The current version of OS / 2 Warp includes voice recognition software , Internet access , and peer - to - peer network support .
The current version of this product is called NetWare 3.12 .
The curvature of the earth affects the distance between antennas , so the higher the tower on which the antenna is mounted , the more distance between them .
The customer is typically charged a different rate for any bandwidth used over the contracted rate .
The customer on the left is transmitting in this slot on the 935.2 MHz frequency and receiving in this slot on the 890.2 kHz frequency .
The D channel is separated from the B channels and provides the signaling to set up calls .
The D channel is the signaling channel that controls the data flowing through the two B ( bearer ) channels .
The D channel is used for call establishment and other signaling .
The damage caused by viruses may be harmless , such as displaying a happy birthday message for the creator on the appropriate day .
The DAT format supports random reading of files .
The DAT format was originally designed for music , but was quickly adopted for data backup because of its high transfer rates and capacities .
The data - services tier is commonly made up of any database management system or storage system that provides data in any format on platforms that range from PC servers to mainframe systems .
The data analyst may spend long periods sifting through data , or may work with summaries of that data that are more likely to reveals trends and hidden information .
The data bits are then mapped onto the modulation scheme .
The data center switch also connects with the wiring closet switches on each floor .
The data dumps into frame buffers , and these buffers can continue filling while information in the buffers is processed .
The data farmer may use OLAP ( online analytical processing ) and " data mining " tools that help them correlate information and discover interesting and meaningful relationships in the data .
The data flow layer monitors the flow of data and handles conversations between endpoints to prevent data overflow .
The data in the packets is encrypted to keep it private , but the headers of the packets are not encrypted so that they may traverse the Internet in the normal way .
The data includes information about users , printers , files , and gateways .
The data is " attached " to the message in a format that is compatible with the SMTP message format .
The data is put on the InfoBus where it is retrieved by data consumers .
The data is sent one block at a time .
The data is usually cleaned up and manipulated in a variety of ways before it is stored on the staging systems , as discussed later .
The data is usually in the form of a database that is automatically replicated to other locations where it is easily accessible by users at those locations .
The data link layer can provide a mechanism for controlling the transmission of bits across the physical layer .
The data link layer can provide guaranteed delivery services , such as an acknowledgment of receipt , but modern networks have so few errors that implementing such services at the data link level is considered an inefficient use of bandwidth .
The data link layer controls access to the network medium and defines how upper - layer data in the form of packets or datagrams is inserted into frames for delivery on a particular network .
The data Link layer defines SDLC ( Synchronous Data Link Control ) and LAN protocols such as Token Ring .
The data link layer defines the rules for sending and receiving information across a physical connection between two systems .
The data link layer in the receiving system can then acknowledge receipt of a frame before the sender sends another frame .
The data link layer is also responsible for error detection and control .
The data link layer is based on the frame structure of HDLC ( High - level Data Link Control ) .
The data link layer is subdivided into the upper LLC ( Logical Link Control ) sublayer and the lower MAC sublayer .
The data link layer protocols include SDLC ( Synchronous Data Link Control ) , HDLC ( High - level Data Link Control ) ; LAPB ( Link Access Procedure Balanced ) , which is used by many networks ; SLIP ( Serial Line Interface Protocol ) ; and PPP ( Point - to - Point Protocol ) .
The data link layer relays frames by reading address information and forwarding frames appropriately along virtual paths to their destination .
The data link layer then encapsulates IP datagrams into the frames defined by the physical network .
The data link layer uses the LAPD ( Link Access Procedure for D Channel ) , which is related to HDLC ( High - level Data Link Control ) .
The data link switches encapsulate the LLC2 frames in a TCP segment and transport them across the IP connection .
The data rate you choose based on your requirements is called the CIR ( committed information rate ) .
The data warehouse can be thought of as a system that holds summary information from legacy , operational , or external data sources .
The data warehouse is typically made up of the following components , which are illustrated in Figure D - 14 :
The database can hold important infrastructure information , such as physical connections and dependencies .
The database contains many different data types that can be defined in advance or at any time .
The database holds user account information and information about resources on the network .
The database is tree structured , as pictured in Figure R - 5 , and it can be split into two or more partitions .
The database is typically partitioned according to geographic locations for wide area networks .
The database systems involved in the transaction hold the data to commit to the database in memory .
The database systems reply that they are ready to commit .
The database systems reply that they successfully committed the data .
The datagram fields are described in the following list .
The datagram is extracted and the IP address is inspected .
The datagram is extracted and the IP address is inspected .
The datagrams only pass through routers that are connected to other routers or to end systems that are designated to receive a particular multicast .
The DBMS accepts requests from clients that may require sorting and extracting data .
The DBMS is an engine that runs on a powerful server with a high - performance channel to a large data store .
The DCE architecture is shown in Figure D - 16. It is a layered model that integrates a set of technologies described in the remainder of this section .
The DCE services are grouped into two categories : development tools and data - sharing services .
The DCE sits between the DTE ( data terminal equipment ) and a transmission circuit such as a phone line .
The decision to run a computer in dedicated or nondedicated mode is not much of an issue with the drastic price drops in computer hardware .
The deficiencies in the HTTP protocol make it difficult to run sophisticated , business applications over the Internet .
The definition of a distributed file system depends on your point of view .
The definition of this layer is the task of the JEPI ( Joint Electronic Payment Initiative ) , a project managed by the W3C ( World Wide Web Consortium ) and CommerceNet .
The definition of this layer is the task of the JEPI ( Joint Electronic Payment Initiative ) project .
The delicate circuits in a chip break down , and the equipment eventually fails for no apparent reason .
The demand for e - mail security is growing , along with a demand to validate the authenticity of messages .
The demand for more performance from networks is coming from a number of areas , including videoconferencing , collaborative computing , virtual reality modeling over the network , and voice .
The demarcation point is typically 12 inches from where the carrier 's facilities enter the building , but the carrier may designate otherwise .
The descriptions above are general and you should refer to information related to each operating system for more information .
The design of this bus is critical to the performance of the hub .
The designers do not expect the technology to be deployed directly to desktop systems , although that is possible in the future .
The desktop configuration can also be locked down to prevent users from changing it in a way that would make the desktop appear confusing the next time they log on .
The desktop environment is stored on a central server rather than a particular workstation .
The destination address is then looked up in the routing table to obtain the port number to forward the packet on .
The destination must spend time organizing such packets .
The destination node forwards these responses to the original source node .
The destination POP server then puts the mail in the recipient 's mailbox for retrieval .
The destination reads in the frame , but the frame still continues on around the network .
The destination then returns an acknowledgment frame to the receiver , indicating that it is ready to receive data .
The details of certificates are quite elaborate , but they make interesting reading .
The details of subnetting are too complex to describe in this limited space , so you are encouraged to visit the Web sites listed under Information on the Internet below for more information .
The details of this procedure are outlined in RFC 2002 .
The developers designed RTP for use in multimedia conferencing , where multiple participants are involved , but also recommend that RTP be used for handling any continuous data stream , interactive distributed simulations , and control and measurement applications .
The development of standards for Internet telephony is giving further impetus to industry growth .
The development tools help software developers create end - user services needed for distributed computing .
The device converts signals from bridges , routers , and multiplexors into the bipolar digital signals used by the digital lines .
The device drivers are written by vendors of network interface cards to match the Novell specification of the Link Support Layer .
The device fits in between the terminals and the modem .
The device that provides the multipoint connection is usually an intelligent controller that manages the flow of information from the multiple devices attached to it .
The device to which the message is addressed actually receives the message .
The device will forward 7 million packets / sec whether routing , switching , or doing both .
The devices are ideal for environments where computing devices have limited tasks , such as retail counters , call centers , and kiosks .
The devices are often called optical disk libraries , robotic drives , or autochangers .
The devices are part of the hardware you need to connect computer equipment to digital transmission lines , as shown in Figure C - 22 .
The devices convert parallel computer data to serial data for transmission over communication lines and perform all the necessary control functions , error checking , and synchronization .
The devices it manages may use other protocols 'vendor - specific management mechanisms , but the server provides information to the client using HMMP protocols .
The devices provide the bandwidth to accommodate increased volumes of internetwork traffic and support high - speed Gigabit Ethernet .
The devices save you the expense of having to lease conditioning equipment from the local carrier to achieve the same results .
The DFS is an optional information - sharing component that makes global file access possible over the network .
The DHCP server automatically leases IP addresses to users when they log on .
The dial - up and connection process for an Internet - based tunnel proceeds as follows :
The dialup modem and asynchronous link are adequate for occasional lowvolume internetwork traffic .
The dialup phone system provides circuits for channel communication between two systems .
The difference between circuit - and packet - switching services is pictured in Figure C - 6 .
The difference between CTI and IVD is that IVD is seen as a more sophisticated approach , a single - wire solution for carrying voice and data , whereas CTI currently suggests schemes such as Novell 's TSAPI ( Telephony Services API ) and Microsoft 's TAPI ( Telephony API ) where computers are used to control telephony devices that are connected to plain old analog telephone lines .
The difference between dedicated and switched circuits is that a dedicated circuit is always connected , and a switched circuit can be set up and disconnected at any time , reducing connect charges .
The difference between proxy servers and firewalls is often confusing .
The difference between samples is used and the coding scale can be dynamically changed to compensate for amplitude and frequency variations .
The difference in these channels rates should not be a concern since most upstream traffic is light while downstream traffic from the Internet is heavy .
The difference is really a moot point since hypertext documents with hypermedia elements is now the predominant paradigm .
The differences in E1 and T1 do not provide seamless integration , and this makes it difficult to build global networks .
The different access methods are described here :
The different components of an SNA network are pictured in Figure S - 7 .
The different definitions of a VPN are as follows :
The different versions of DSL described next are often collectively referred to as xDSL .
The differential bus is part of the SCSI - 2 standard .
The Digital Semiconductor 21164 Alpha is a highperformance implementation of the Digital Alpha architecture that supports multiple operating systems , including Microsoft Windows NT , Digital UNIX , and OpenVMS .
The digital signature also provides the nonrepudiation feature .
The DII ( Dynamic Invocation Interface ) interface allows inter - ORB interoperability .
The Dijkstra algorithm is used to calculate routes , based on the following :
The Dijkstra algorithm is used to calculate routes .
The Dijkstra algorithm is used to calculate the shortest path to a destination .
The Dijkstra routing algorithm enables routers to find a pathway through a mesh of network connections based on the path with the least cost .
The directcurrent signals placed on a baseband transmission system have a tendency to degrade over distance due to resistance , capacitance , and other factors .
The directory consists of entries that are either containers or leaf objects .
The directory database holds all the accounts and security information for a domain .
The directory is a database , or DIB ( directory information base ) as it is called in the X.500 lexicon .
The DISA ( Data Interchange Standards Association ) was chartered by ANSI ( American National Standards Institute ) to provide the X12 committee with administrative support .
The disadvantage is that the network may become overloaded .
The disc sizes and formats are the same .
The discrete signal consist of either high or lowvoltage pulses that represent binary 1s and 0s or that that hold binary information in encoded form .
The disk controller can also be duplicated , or duplexed , to further protect the system from hardware failure .
The diskless workstation has a special ROM inserted on its NIC that directs it to contact a specific computer on the network .
The disks can share the same controller , or each disk can be attached to its own controller .
The display adapter should support VGA resolutions .
The distance between the host and a peripheral can be up to 25 meters .
The distance from a station to a hub cannot exceed 100 meters ( 328 feet ) .
The distance limitations of this cabling depends on the type of cable and facilities it connects .
The distributed backbone approach can retain its availability .
The distributed backbone on the left in Figure B1 shows how the network ( in this case , an FDDI ring ) extends to each department or floor in a building .
The distributed computing model supports access to data already located at diverse sites .
The distributed database is usually the core server application in a client / server environment .
The distributed environment needs the following components :
The distributed time services keep track of time in networks and determine the accuracy associated with each clock used to synchronize time .
The DLL has a top layer that applications interface with and a bottom layer that interfaces with TCP / IP .
The DLT recording method differs quite a bit from the helical - scan techniques .
The DME architecture is based on an object model in which all information and operations are classified into objects .
The DMI defines how manufacturers of hardware products such as network interface cards or networking software can integrate " agents " into their products that collect information and report back to a management utility .
The DMI is a programming and reporting standard for managing desktop workstations .
The DMI is an API that provides network managers with information about workstations on the network .
The DMI is open to any management application or protocol , and all applications that adopt the DMI can call the same interface .
The DMI provides a common method for issuing requests and commands called the MI ( Management Interface ) .
The DMTF Steering Committee includes the following companies : Compaq , Dell , Digital Equipment , Hewlett - Packard , IBM , Intel , Microsoft , NEC , Novell , Santa Cruz Operation , SunSoft , and Symantec .
The DMTF was founded in 1992 by a group of vendors including Digital Equipment Corporation , Hewlett - Packard , IBM , Intel , Microsoft , and Novell .
The DNS ( Domain Name System ) provides a way to locate servers and organizations on the Internet by specifying a unique name ( i . e . , http : / / www . whitehouse . gov ) , but it does not go far enough .
The DNS server converts the name you specified to an IP address and returns this address to your system .
The document becomes the central place where shared information is stored .
The document is viewed as a container that can hold objects such as graphics , voice clips , and video clips .
The document simply contains a link to the object at that location and may display it as well .
The documents are printed with different colored covers , hence the name . TCSEC and most of the other Rainbow Series documents are available at the Web address under the subheading , " Information on the Internet . " .
The documents are printed with different colored covers , thus the name Rainbow Series .
The documents describe the requirements in the TCSEC ( Trusted Computer System Evaluation Criteria ) .
The domain name provides an easily recognized name for a host on an IP internetwork .
The dominant NOSs on the market today are listed in the following table , along with the Web site address where you can obtain more information .
The double slash indicates that the host name follows and the first single slash indicates that either a directory or a filename follows .
The downlink covers an area called the footprint , which may be very large or cover a focused area .
The downside is that bandwidth may go unused during lulls in traffic .
The downside of this is that companies can't easily change their lines and the data rate is inflexible .
The downstream data rate can be as high as 36 Mbits / sec , but the cable industry states that 3 to 10 Mbits / sec is probably more realistic .
The downstream rates and distances of ADSL are listed here .
The DQDB physical network is pictured in Figure M - 2 .
The draft papers at the IETF SPKI site listed below are interesting , enlightening ( and amusing ) .
The driver is designed for a specific NIC .
The driver is identified and authorized via a computerized system that controls such policies .
The driver is then integrated into the protocol stack ( or stacks ) of the computer .
The driver manager is the communication link between the application and the drivers .
The drum is part of the recording device , and tape feeds out of the cartridge around it .
The DS - 1 equivalent line uses less bandwidth for signaling and thus carries 32 DS - 0 channels with a total data rate of 2.048 Mbits / sec .
The DS levels are outlined here :
The DSig project is working to develop digital signature interoperability .
The DSig Signature Label design team is still formulating the specifications and language for assertions and endorsements .
The DSL services solve these problems and provide potentially higher throughput .
The DSU and the CSU are often combined in one device and connected to a channel bank , which provides analog - to - digital conversion and multiplexing of voice transmissions .
The DTD defines all the ways that the document instance can be laid out and formatted .
The DTD specifies the rules for tagging the document .
The dual - homed system is a computer that includes at least two network interface cards , as pictured in Figure F - 14 .
The dual counter - rotating rings offer redundancy ( fault tolerance ) .
The dynamic allocation of bandwidth is one of frame relay 's strongest features .
The e - mail servers run a message - handling protocol called POP ( Post Office Protocol ) or IMAP4 ( Internet Mail Access Protocol , version 4 ) .
The earliest modems transmitted 1 bit per baud , meaning that a 300 - baud modem actually did transmit 300 bits / sec .
The edge devices share routing functions with a special route server .
The EDI system coordinates the deliveries and generates the invoices .
The EDI X12 - 850 document standard is used for structuring and sending electronic documents .
The EDI X12 - 850 document standard is used for structuring and sending electronic documents .
The EFF ( Electronic Frontier Foundation ) and CommerceNet are working to overcome some of the issues people have with trust on the Internet .
The efficiency of the encoding scheme determining the data rate .
The EGP ( Exterior Gateway Protocol ) provides a way for two neighboring routers located at the edges of their respective domains to exchange messages and information .
The EIA - 530 interface has a maximum bit rate to about 10 Mbits / sec over short distances , and V.35 is even slower , information about this interface is available from WAN vendors .
The EIA ( Electronic Industries Association ) and the TIA ( Telecommunications Industry Association ) developed a wiring standard for commercial buildings called the TIA / EIA 568 Commercial Building Wiring Standard .
The EIA ( Electronic Industries Association ) has set standards for transmitting asynchronous information across copper wires between computer devices .
The EIA has published a number of standards related to telecommunication and computer communication , and works closely with other associates such as ANSI ( American National Standards Institute ) and the ITU ( International Telecommunication Union ) .
The EIA RS232C standard defines such things as the physical connections , signal voltages and timing , error checking , and other features .
The EIA RS232C standard supports transmissions over short distances .
The electric company causes transients when it switches grids to balance the system .
The electrical characteristics of the cable also dictate LAN limitations .
The electrical specifications define the methods for transmitting bit streams across the cable and the control signals that provide the timing of data transfers across the network .
The electronic 1s and 0s of computers are converted to optically coded 1s and 0s .
The electronic documents are sent using a store - and - forward process similar to electronic mail systems .
The element of trust is missing and must be established in some way , as described here .
The EMA ( Electronic Messaging Association ) is working on a specification called VPIM ( Voice Profile for Internet Mail ) that will define how voice - mail systems can link over IP networks and the Internet .
The EMA is involved in the integration of voice messaging and computer telephony .
The emerging DSL ( Digital Subscriber Line ) services offer similar capabilities at higher data rates .
The emerging trend in the Internet / intranet environment is the use of component technologies .
The encapsulated packet " piggybacks " a ride on the packet of the native protocol 's network .
The encryption algorithm is explained further under " Cryptography . " .
The encryption rate is high , and it has been implemented on chips that encrypt at 177 Mbits / sec .
The end points of the PVC are constant , but a carrier can usually reprogram a PVC in a matter of hours ( i . e . , if you move an office ) .
The end systems may be on the same network or on different subnetworks of an internetwork .
The end systems must detect missing packets and handle retransmissions on their own .
The end user sees applications as being seamless , even though services and data may be coming from many places on the network .
The entire cellular system consists of a switching office , the base stations and antennae at cell sites , and the mobile transceivers owned by users .
The entire frame is 193 bits in length .
The entire Mac OS will be ported to Rhapsody rather than implementing a software emulation layer .
The entire network can consist of multiple emulated LANs , or ELANs .
The entire range of IBM platforms is supported by LU 6.2 , including LANs , desktop systems , and mainframes .
The entire server can also be duplexed so users are never without a server should one server go down .
The entire transmission is not lost .
The entire Windows NT operating system is built upon an object - based architecture .
The entrance facility contains the telecommunication service entrance to the building .
The environment also consists of NDMP hosts , systems with local tape drives that perform local backups , and NDMP servers , virtual state machines on the NDMP host that are controlled using the NDMP protocol .
The equipment will typically require a PC with an Ethernet card and a DSL modem .
The error checking in X.25 ( essentially a slow packet - switching service ) was implemented to accommodate unreliable telephone lines , which were prevalent when the standard was implemented and which are still prevalent in some countries .
The Ethernet MAC protocols are replaced with ATM protocols , and the ATM adapter is assigned an IP address just as the Ethernet adapter was assigned an IP address .
The Ethernet networking system was created at Xerox 's Palo Alto Research Center in 1970 by Dr . Robert Metcalfe .
The events fall into two categories : volume tracking and container tracking .
The evolutionary trend is toward distributed systems built with TCP / IP protocols and Web technologies or operating systems and middleware applications that promote distributed computing .
The example it uses is a bank that has been called upon to identify all the assets of a particular company .
The exchange of computer information would be impossible without character formatting standards such as ASCII ( American Standard Code for Information Interchange ) .
The existing analog cellular telephone network is a circuit - switched cellular system .
The existing HTTP transaction model is retained .
The existing methods for carrying digitized voice signals over twisted copper wire is known as the NADH ( North American Digital Hierarchy ) .
The existing telecommunication systems in the United States consist largely of copper twisted - pair wiring in the local loop and fiber - optic cable or radio systems for backbone trunks and long - distance lines .
The existing telephone system is mostly wired with voice - grade twisted - pair wires .
The existing Web protocols are useful for displaying information , but are not sufficient for traditional applications that require a long - term client / server connection .
The external interface has methods , which can be compared to the buttons on the ATM that make it do things .
The fact that rights carry down through the directory tree is of great importance in the planning of directory structures .
The factors p and q may be kept with the private key , or destroyed .
The FAST IP protocol 's focus is on ensuring that the end system with priority data , such as real - time audio or video , get the bandwidth it needs to transmit the data .
The faster version has an increased frame length that requires fewer transmissions for the same amount of data .
The fax server then routes the faxes to the recipient 's fax phone number .
The FCC ( Federal Communication Commission ) regulates emissions in the United States .
The FCC ( Federal Communications Commission ) dissolved the 62 yearold tariff system for longdistance carriers and opened the pricing system up to negotiable contracts .
The FCC ( Federal Communications Commission ) is in charge of allocating the electromagnetic spectrum and thus the bandwidth of various communication systems .
The FCC also regulates the use of wireless radio frequencies through a system of spectrum allocation and licensing .
The FCC has allocated spread spectrum frequency bands for commercial use in the ranges of 902 to 928 MHz , 2.4000 to 2.4835 GHz , and 5.725 to 5.850 GHz .
The FCS field contains error - detection coding .
The FDDI ( Fiber Distributed Data Interface ) network standard has been used extensively as a backbone medium for a building or campus environment .
The FDDI frame size is 1,500 bytes .
The features outlined below first appeared in Windows 95 , and many have been extended into later versions of Windows .
The Federal Communications Commission licenses cellular communication systems and has allocated half of these channel pairs to the LEC ( local exchange carrier ) and the other half to independent service providers normally selected by lottery .
The fiber - optic ring runs through Springfield , Massachusetts , Buffalo , New York , Montreal , and Toronto .
The Fibre Channel interface dedicates circuits for transferring data while allowing other devices to access the channel when it is free .
The Fibre Channel interface supports variable - length transmissions , which means it can transmit large blocks of data without dividing them into smaller packets .
The field holds priority values , with 0 indicating a cell of the highest value .
The fields in the objects are its properties .
The fields of the TCP segment are described below and pictured in Figure T - 4 .
The fields of these frames are described here :
The figure shows characters for clarity , but data is usually written in blocks to sectors on each drive .
The file implements an open standard format that potentially any Web browser that implements crawling should be able to read and use .
The file size of the compound document increases relative to the size of the object that is embedded in it .
The file storage techniques , formats , and file transfer programs on these systems were different .
The file system interfaces with disk drives and provides a system for organizing the way information is stored in the tracks and clusters of the drives .
The file system is hierarchical .
The files are typically imaged documents or historical information that needs to be readily accessible at any time in the future .
The final component is a reservation setup protocol that creates and maintains flow in the hosts and in routers along the path of a flow .
The final message server in the chain provides a mailbox for the user and holds messages until the user asks for them .
The final restructuring agreement was the United States District Court 's Modification of Final Judgment .
The financial system literally runs over the telecommunication network .
The firewall itself appears to be the originator of all traffic as it makes the Internet available to internal users .
The firewalls essentially " duel " with one another .
The first 4 bits are used to identify it as a class D address .
The first 4 bits identify the class , and the remaining 28 bits refer to a group of hosts , all of which receive the same IP packet .
The first appeared in the early 1990s .
The first cellular system in the United States , AMPS ( Advanced Mobile Phone Service ) , was built in 1983 .
The first channel occupies the 60 to 64 kHz range , the second channel occupies the 64 to 68 kHz range , and so on up to the 12th channel , which occupies the 104 to 108 kHz range and this is pictured here .
The first column of the file listing displays the permissions , and the remaining columns define the following in order : number of links , owner , group , file size , date , and filename .
The first connection downloads text and subsequent connections download graphics and other page elements .
The first contains plain text while the second contains audio .
The first default volume on a NetWare server is called SYS and is automatically created in the free space of the first disk drive .
The first digital systems were set up in 1993 by McCaw and Southwestern Bell .
The first entry in the table is the original SCSI standard .
The first goal is to organize computers and users into separate VLANs based on computer hardware address , port connector address , IP address , or other techniques .
The first is a control level that sets up and terminates virtual circuits .
The first is restricting access to information on a local computer to people who log on to that computer .
The first is user account auditing , which tracks security events and logs them in the server 's security log .
The first line indicates the MIME version and the second line to indicate how MIME body parts are formatted in the message .
The first method is called transparent bridging , and the second is called source routing .
The first of these standards was Bell 103 , which paved the way for today 's complex and efficient modem standards , such as V.32bis and V.42bis .
The first packet is always forwarded along the hop - by - hop layer 3 channel , but the switch controller makes a note of its contents .
The first parameters for circuit negotiation have to do with the cell delivery rate .
The first step in the process is to generate your public and private keys .
The first step is for the client to get a TGT .
The first step is to encrypt the message with a one - way function to produce a hash .
The first system , the VAX 11 / 780 , competed with IBM systems and provided an upgrade path for existing customers of DEC ( Digital Equipment Corporation ) .
The first system was developed by Bell Labs and deployed in 1982 .
The first task is to determine how to improve the quality of service provided by the freeway .
The first thing to do is ping the address of the machine you are working with .
The first time a user accesses a published directory , the information is cached and used for future references .
The first two modes , asynchronous and synchronous , are available in the original FDDI standard .
The first uses a single - reference time server for relatively small , geographically close networks .
The first versions of Windows were important because of their multitasking capabilities , which allowed them to run multiple applications at the same time .
The first VLANs were configured manually .
The first volume on a server is called SYS .
The fixed size makes it easy to predict throughput and bandwidth requirements .
The fixed size of the ATM cell ( 53 bytes ) makes it easy to move traffic through switches at predictable rates .
The flag field holds the " Start of frame " marker .
The flag fields contain the bit sequence 01111110 , which indicates the beginning and end of the HDLC frame .
The foil helps reduce crosstalk and the cable is rated at six or more times the transmission rate of traditional Category 5 .
The following " Related Entries " list gives some of the other topics in this book that are related to or contrast with CIF .
The following address uses an http scheme :
The following analogy will help put QoS in perspective :
The following are two primary transport mechanisms , which are described in more detail under their own headings in this book :
The following cable types are available from Optical Cable in Roanoke , Virginia .
The following categories of cable are most often used , but the TIA / EIA - 568 - A specification only recognizes Category 3 , Category 4 , and Category 5 cable :
The following companies provide fax equipment that is suitable for fax servers :
The following components are included in the product :
The following components are part of the standard .
The following describes the message transfer path :
The following discussion assumes an Ethernet network .
The following discussion concentrates on PVCs ( permanent virtual circuits ) rather than SVCs ( switched virtual circuits ) since they are most common .
The following elements are recommended when setting up an extranet :
The following events take place during such a session :
The following features are implemented at the disk level in most network operating systems :
The following historical outline is compiled from " A Brief History of the Internet , " a paper available at the Internet Society 's home phttp : / / www . isoc . org / internet - histor .
The following information is provided by Intel .
The following is a list of major electronic mail standards that are in use today .
The following list describes the different varieties of Ethernet .
The following list provides definitions of related entries in this book that talk about component technology .
The following network topologies can be used with Fibre Channel .
The following outlines some of the steps taken toward interoperability :
The following sections describe services available from the local and long - distance carriers .
The following sections describe some of the technologies .
The following sections describe the most important features of NetWare 4.11 .
The following sections describe the various techniques that can be used to build VLANs .
The following sections outline some measures for protecting systems and data .
The following shows the effect of signal loss caused by attenuation :
The following specifications are included in the standard :
The following standards are peripheral interfaces that can also provide some level of networking service .
The following steps take place to obtain this address :
The following switching techniques provide a good sampling of what the industry has come up with to provide IP switching .
The following table describes the circuits in the hierarchy :
The following table lists the transmission requirements for various types of activities .
The following table lists the various OC levels .
The following techniques are used to improve router performance :
The following topics in this book describe wireless communications for mobile users :
The following types of middleware are available for building distributed applications , heterogeneous networks , and Internet - based distributed software systems .
The following vendors provide object - oriented database systems and have extensive information available at their site to continue your research .
The following Web sites have more information :
The foreign agent " detunnels " and delivers datagrams to the mobile node .
The foreign agent resides in a router on the foreign network and is the end point of the tunnel established with the home network .
The former is known as propagation delay while the latter is referred to as the throughput of a system , which is a measure of all the factors in a communication system that determine the actual data transfer rate between two systems .
The former is usually implemented when only a few remote users need to dial in .
The former was commonly called the RS - 232 - C serial interface , but the EIA changed the name in 1987 .
The foundation is located in San Francisco , and their Web site is at http : / / www . eff . org .
The four - pair bundle is then wrapped in another foil insulation and the whole bundle is wrapped in a fire - retardant polymer jacket .
The FRAD encapsulates the packets into frames ( which may be variable in length ) and sends the frames through a predefined virtual circuit that gets them to their destination .
The frame - relay network manages congestion by setting bits in frames that warn end devices that there is congestion on the network .
The frame arrives at router A / B on port A .
The frame can be addressed to all stations on the ring .
The frame format for frame relay contains special fields that hold control information for establishing and releasing connections .
The frame format for LAPB is similar to the frame type for HDLC .
The frame format is pictured in Figure P - 9 and described here :
The frame is pictured in Figure F - 24 , and the fields are described here .
The frame is pictured in Figure H - 2 and described here :
The frame is the structure and encoding of a transmitted bit stream across a link .
The frame is then forwarded onto the ring .
The Frame Relay Forum is working on the Voice over Frame Relay Implementation Agreement that defines how to transport compressed voice data over a frame relay network .
The frame structure for a popular data link protocol called HDLC ( High - level Data Link Control ) is pictured in Figure D - 6 .
The framework is based on Internet standards and protocols such as Java , HTTP , HTML , IIOP , TCP / IP , LDAP , SSL , and public - key security techniques .
The framework provides the building blocks for developing management applications .
The FreeBSD operating system is free and can be obtained at the Web site listed below under " Information on the Internet . " It is an advanced BSD UNIX operating system for " PC - compatible " computers .
The freely available public key solves the key exchange problem .
The frequencies are derived from a table that both the sender and receiver follow .
The frequency band is not crowded by competing devices ( cordless phones , microwave ovens , etc . ) .
The frequency is the number of oscillations per second of the resulting wave , also called Hz ( hertz ) .
The frequency of the call is changed to a frequency used in the new cell during the transition .
The frequency of these sine wave signals is measures in cycles per second , or Hz ( hertz ) .
The frequency range of a circuit is subdivided into narrow bands , and each band then carries a different transmission signal .
The frequency ranges of these systems are listed here :
The front of the patch panel then provides a place to attach patch cables that connect to network hubs and switches .
The FTAM client contacts the FTAM server and requests a session .
The FTAM file system hides the differences between different vendor systems .
The FTP client actually handles much of the command processing .
The FTP service provides a good example of how an application - level proxy server can provide advanced filtering .
The full hierarchy is described under " NADH ( North American Digital Hierarchy ) .
The full IP address of a Web server running in a computer has the form x . x . x . x : 80 , but it 's usually not necessary to enter the port number .
The function calls can be used to execute SQL statements .
The functions indicate whether the code is valid or whether it is possibly fake or has been tampered with .
The future holds promise , however .
The future of APPN is in question .
The G.723.1 codec is also included in the ITU 's H.323 standard , an umbrella standard that establishes how audio , video , and data communications take place on IP networks .
The gateway then provides inbound and outbound controls .
The gateways provide relay and translation services between the proprietary e - mail system and the Internet e - mail system .
The general agreement among NAP users is that they exchange routing information and that traffic passing through the NAP is not filtered , examined , or tampered with .
The geosynchronous orbit is ideal because the satellites stay synchronized above a specific location and travel at a speed that exactly counters the pull of gravity .
The Gigabit Ethernet Alliance has outlined several upgrade scenarios , as follows .
The Gigabit Ethernet Alliance is an open forum that promotes industry cooperation in the development of Gigabit Ethernet .
The GII ( Global Information Infrastructure ) is a worldwide " network of networks " that provides all the benefits of the NII on a global scale .
The GII is based on these five principles :
The GII was proposed by Vice President Al Gore in a speech to the ITU ( International Telecommunication Union ) World Telecommunication Development Conference in Buenos Aires , Argentina .
The GII will facilitate the sharing of information over local , national , and regional networks and create a global information marketplace .
The GIIC ( Global Information Infrastructure Commission ) was formed to advance the concepts of a global information infrastructure .
The gist of this is that the DLSw device captures an SNA or NetBIOS session that must cross the IP link , and then terminates the session , encapsulates the frames , and transports the frames across the link .
The glass is so clear that , according to Michael Coden of Codenoll Technologies Corporation , " a 3 - mile - thick fiber - optic window would give you the same view as a 1 / 8 - inch - thick plate glass window . " .
The global network will help businesses connect with other businesses using extranet technologies , as discussed under " Extranet . " .
The goal is to provide a layer between end users and software developers that makes it easier to build and use client / server solutions on distributed systems .
The goal is to reduce costs , improve the overall buy - pay process , and increase service levels to end users using Internet technology .
The goal is to reduce costs , improve the overall buying / paying process , and increase service levels to end users using Internet technology .
The goal of an enterprise network is to get these diverse resources to interconnect and interoperateso that network users can share files and electronic mail with other users or access the data resources of the enterprise .
The goal of any IP over ATM scheme is to deliver IP packets through a layer 2 virtual circuit and benefit from the circuit 's speed .
The goal of CommerceNet is to make electronic commerce over the Internet a reality .
The goal of IP switching is to reduce the need to send a packet through a router ( or routers ) when a more direct Layer 2 path is available between a source and a destination .
The goal of IVD supporters is to treat voice as any other application on the network .
The goal of IVD supporters is to treat voice as any other application on the network .
The goal of many network managers is to consolidate both voice and data traffic on a single network .
The goal of Open - EDI is to allow businesses to establish trading arrangements over the Internet upon first contact , assuming trust systems are in place .
The goal of running IP over ATM is to find the best way to integrate IP and ATM while preserving the best features of connectionless IP and connection - oriented ATM .
The goal of the DMTF is to deliver enabling technologies for a new generation of personal computer systems and products .
The goal of the OMG is to provide a common architectural framework for object - oriented applications based on widely available interface specifications .
The goal of the standard is to provide compatibility among multi vendor products and interfaces as well as public and private message services .
The goal of WBEM is to consolidate and unify data provided by existing management technologies .
The goal was to develop an interconnection method that could support many different types of computers over many different types of transmission schemes , including low - speed , high - speed , and wireless connections .
The goal was to provide an interim technology until digital systems could be developed .
The goals of running IP over ATM and the many ways of doing it are outlined under the preceding heading , " IP over ATM . " .
The goals of the IMC include greatly expanding the role of mail on the Internet into areas such as commerce and entertainment , advancing new Internet mail technologies , and making it easier for all Internet users , particularly novices , to get the most out of this versatile communications medium .
The government is taking a hands - off attitude regarding growth of the Internet telephony industry .
The group hopes to have its specification available by late 1997 .
The group is addressing both IPv4 and IPv6 .
The group is also developing a mechanism that allows LAN traffic to carry an identifier that indicates which VLAN a frame belongs to .
The group is also working on security issues related to transmitting data over satellite links .
The group is defining and documenting the services that will be provided by this enhanced Internet service model .
The group is part of the IMTC ( International Multimedia Teleconferencing Consortium ) .
The group is preparing information about how IP will utilize the CATV infrastructure , the service interface between IP and the CATV Data Network , and technical details related to the differences between symmetric and asymmetric CATV Data Networks .
The group is responsible for RTP ( Real - time Transport Protocol ) and for RFCs ( requests for comment ) that define payload formats for JPEG , MPEG , and videoconferencing standards .
The group is working on carrying Ethernet and ATM traffic .
The group is working to implement X.509 certificates in multiple applications and to promote interoperability among X.509 implementations .
The groups are small and long term and are put together to promote the development of research collaboration and teamwork in exploring research issues .
The growth of the Internet and intranets has promoted its acceptance almost everywhere .
The GSM standard has been expanded in many countries to the 1,800 MHz frequency band as well 
The H.324 standard allows H.324 - compliant devices to connect over standard telephone lines ( and the V.80 standard found in newer modems will keep the audio and video synchronized ) .
The hard disk provides a cache for startup and application settings and other information .
The hardware components of a database server are typically high - performance systems running multiple Pentium processors or RISC - based designs from IBM and Sun Microsystems .
The hash represents the original document as a unique set of numbers .
The HDLC frame defines the structure for delivering data and command / response messages between communicating systems .
The header information is left intact and readable so that routers can forward the packet as it traverses the Internet .
The header is mostly port - addressing fields .
The hierarchical structure allows for decentralized administration while maintaining security .
The hierarchical structure is apparent in the multifloor office building .
The hierarchical wiring scheme pictured in Figure H - 8 follows the TIA / EIA 568 Commercial Building Wiring Standard , which you can read more about under " TIA / EIA Structured Cabling Standards . " .
The hierarchy can be traced back to the first phone systems .
The hierarchy extends up into higher frequencies ,with groups that contain 300,600,900 , and so on ,up to 10,800 voice channels 
The High - Performance and High - Speed Networking Act of 1993 calls for federal organizations to coordinate their efforts in defining and building the NII .
The high - speed bus , which implements TDM ( time division multiplexing ) is fast enough to handle transmissions from all ports at the same time if necessary ; therefore , it is nonblocking ( i . e . , produces no bottlenecks of its own ) .
The high - speed bus switch is most often implemented .
The high - speed expansion modules plug directly into the bus .
The high - speed interface is suitable for real - time , full - motion video applications .
The high - speed switching scheme is pictured in Figure F - 3 .
The higher the bandwidth , the higher the transmission rate .
The higher the data transmission rate , the more susceptible the signal is to degradation .
The higher the frequency , the higher the data rate .
The higher the frequency , the shorter the wavelength .
The highest data rates are 33.6 Kbits / sec , or about 53 Kbits / sec in one direction when using special techniques such as X2 or K56 as described under " Modems " in this book .
The highest layer defines how an application running on one system can communicate with an application on another system .
The HiperLAN standard was developed in Europe , but it now has an equivalent in North America .
The HMMP protocol is similar to HTTP ( Hypertext Transfer Protocol ) in its client / server operation .
The home network knows that the mobile user is at a different location , called the foreign network , and forwards the datagrams to the mobile user at that location .
The horizontal wiring system is usually wired with copper twisted - pair cable .
The horizontal wiring system runs from each workstation outlet to the telecommunication closet .
The host adapter provides a shared bus that attached peripherals use to pass data to and from the host system .
The HotJava browser is also included .
The HTML 3.2 specification is supported , including tables , forms , divisions , client side image maps , and other features .
The HTML language is based on some early work done by IBM , and takes into account the fact that most documents have similar features .
The HTML tags are all the funny items enclosed in angle brackets ( &lt; and &gt; ) .
The HTTP protocol sets up the connection between the client and the server .
The HTTP proxy service running in the firewall intercepts the user 's HTTP packets , repackages the requests , and forwards the repackaged request to the Web server on the Internet .
The hub determines if the " call " is local or to an outside computer or phone .
The hub or switch becomes the backbone , moving traffic among the different networks .
The hubs are interconnected via dedicated leased lines with alternate communication paths for redundancy .
The hybrid backplane implements three distinct buses : Cell , TDM , and packet .
The IANA acts as the clearinghouse to assign and coordinate the use of numerous Internet protocol parameters such as Internet addresses , domain names , protocol numbers , and more .
The IBM 3725 and 3745 are front - end processors that run the NCP ( Network Control Program ) , which communicates with programs running in PUs ( physical units ) .
The IBM AS / 400 Advanced Series is a family of midrange business computers and server - capable systems .
The IBM Enterprise System / 9000 ( ES / 9000 ) is a recent implementation of this architecture .
The idea behind component technology is to break large and complex applications into smaller software modules that are easier to develop , modify , and upgrade .
The idea behind one - time passwords is to generate passwords on the fly that cannot be used for future logons .
The idea is to centralize the information resources of a company by placing information close to the administrators that manage it .
The idea is to let a workstation or server request a level of priority , then tag the associated frames as appropriate .
The idea is to provide network managers with a way to configure multiple LANs within the same hub .
The idea is to use frame - relay networks for the equivalent of phone calls .
The idea is to use objects like building blocks to create full - featured applications .
The IDL Stubs interface is used when IDL is required to translate between different client and server implementations .
The IDWA ( International Data Warehousing Association ) has identified a new type of data warehouse called the " operational data warehouse . " .
The IEEE ( Institute of Electrical and Electronic Engineers ) 802.3 standard defines a similar , but slightly different , network that uses an alternate frame format .
The IEEE ( Institute of Electrical and Electronic Engineers ) has developed most of the LAN standards in use today , such as Ethernet and token ring .
The IEEE ( Institute of Electrical and Electronic Engineers ) is in charge of assigning addresses to token ring and Ethernet cards .
The IEEE 801.2 - D STP ( Spanning Tree Protocol ) inhibits loops in redundant bridges by maintaining the secondary bridge as a backup .
The IEEE 801.2D STP ( Spanning Tree Protocol ) inhibits loops in redundant bridges by maintaining the secondary bridge as a backup .
The IEEE 802 committees described next concentrate on the physical network interfaces such as network interface cards , bridges , routers , connectors , cables , and all the signaling and access methods associated with physical network connections .
The IEEE 802. 12 standard specifies this technique , and it is used in 100VG - AnyLAN .
The IEEE 802.12 standard is covered under the heading " 100VG - AnyLAN . " .
The IEEE 802.14 Cable TV Working Group is defining the physical layer and MAC ( Medium Access Control ) layer protocol specifications for HFC .
The IEEE 802.1p standard called " Standard for Traffic Class and Dynamic Multicast Filtering Services in Bridged Local Area Networks " defines building VLANs with multicast protocols .
The IEEE 802.1q is a VLAN specification that allows switches to exchange information among themselves about VLANs .
The IEEE 802.2 standard defines the LLC protocol , which is positioned in the protocol stack as pictured in Figure L - 7 .
The IEEE 802.4 Committee has defined token bus standards as broadband networks , as opposed to Ethernet 's baseband transmission technique .
The IEEE 802.6 MAN Working Group defines a high - speed protocol in which attached stations share a dual fiber - optic bus using an access method called DQDB ( Distributed Queue Dual Bus ) .
The IEEE 802.9 Working Group is working on the integration of voice , data , and video traffic to 802 LANs ( basically ISDN and Ethernet on the same wire ) .
The IEEE also forwards the drafts to the ISO ( International Organization for Standardization ) .
The IEEE Computer Society is a diverse group of industry professionals with a common interest in advancing all communications technologies .
The IEEE has defined a standard for MANs called the IEEE 802. 6 DQDB ( Distributed Queue Dual Bus ) .
The IEEE is a society based in the United States that develops , among other things , data communication standards .
The IEEE is working to simplify VLAN configuration and management with the 802.1q standard , which specifies a way to define and set up VLANs in frame - based networks such as Ethernet and token ring .
The IEEE task force has initially defined the following specification , which it collectively calls 1000Base - X :
The IESG is chartered by the ISOC to provide technical management of IETF activities and the Internet standards process .
The IETF 's IPSec Protocol Working Group is developing security protocols for creating VPNs ( virtual private networks ) .
The IETF ( Internet Engineering Task Force ) also adopted this model to some extent and called the LES server the ATMARP ( ATM Address Resolution Protocol ) server .
The IETF ( Internet Engineering Task Force ) has also been working on DLSw .
The IETF ( Internet Engineering Task Force ) is also working on a PKI .
The IETF ( Internet Engineering Task Force ) is looking at RSVP ( Resource Reservation Protocol ) to guarantee delivery of time - sensitive traffic and provide high - quality service .
The IETF ( Internet Engineering Task Force ) is promoting RSVP ( Resource Reservation Protocol ) as a method for providing QoS levels on intranets and the Internet .
The IETF ( Internet Engineering Task Force ) is working on IPSec ( IP Security ) , which strives to provide interoperability among different vendors ' tunneling products .
The IETF ( Internet Engineering Task Force ) was considering S / MIME as its primary standard for securing e - mail , but in September of 1997 , the IETF rejected S / MIME because RSA had not removed licensing and royalty fee requirements .
The IETF Audio / Video Transport ( avt ) Working Group is developing protocols for real - time delivery of audio and video over UDP ( User Datagram Protocol ) and IP multicast networks .
The IETF began working on an IP protocol update in 1990 .
The IETF currently has a working group called ION ( Internetworking over NBMA [ nonbroadcast multiple access ] ) that is working to develop a new standard that integrates the best of these schemes with support for multiple network protocols ( IP , IPX , etc . ) over a variety of nonbroadcast media ( ATM , frame relay , SMDS , and X.25 ) .
The IETF has developed several schemes for IP over ATM .
The IETF Integrated Services over Specific Link Layers Working Group also has information about the standard .
The IETF Integrated Services over Specific Link Layers Working Group is developing extensions for the IP architecture that will allow applications to request and receive a specific level of service from the internetwork on which to transmit audio , video , and data .
The IETF Integrated Services Working Group is concerned with the transport of audio , video , and other data over the Internet .
The IETF ION ( Internetworking over NBMA ) Working Group is focused on the creation of NBMA networking standards .
The IETF IPCDN ( IP over Cable Data Network ) Working Group has the goal of defining how IP ( Internet Protocol ) runs on top of Cable Television ( CATV ) data networks .
The IETF is a large open international community of network designers , operators , vendors , and researchers concerned with the evolution of the Internet architecture and the smooth operation of the Internet .
The IETF modeled RMON on the capabilities of traditional LAN analyzers .
The IETF MPLS ( Multiprotocol Label Switching ) Working Group is focused on developing standards that integrate a label swapping / tagging scheme with network layer ( layer 3 ) routing .
The IETF MPLS Working Group is focused on developing standards that integrate a scheme for label swapping / tagging with network layer routing .
The IETF QoS Routing Working Group is defining QoS routing techniques for the Internet .
The IETF Resource Reservation Setup Protocol ( rsvp ) Working Group is responsible for developing the RSVP specification .
The IETF Routing Information Protocol Working Group developed this version .
The IETF SPKI ( Simple PKI ) Working Group is developing mechanisms to support security in a wide range of Internet applications , including IPSec protocols , encrypted electronic mail and WWW documents , payment protocols , and any other application that will require the use of public - key certificates and the ability to access them .
The IETF TCP over Satellite Working Group is working on issues that affect the throughput of TCP traffic , including delays that have adverse affects on slow start and other congestion control algorithms .
The IETF Transport Layer Security Working Group is evaluating SSL and methods for providing secure and authenticated channels over the Internet .
The IETF Web site has the most uptodate information on this protocol .
The IETF Web Transaction Security Working Group is in charge of developing S - HTTP .
The IETF 's IPSec protocol operates at layer 3 ( network layer ) to provide encryption for various tunneling protocols .
The IIOP ( Internet Inter - ORB Protocol ) , which is the first transport mapping for the GIOP .
The illustration on the bottom shows how a volume can span multiple disks .
The illustration on the right in Figure V - 4 shows an important concept that must be kept in mind .
The illustration on the top in Figure V - 6 shows how multiple volumes can fit on a single disk .
The illustration shows that there are three separate data link layer connections to perform this task .
The illustrations in that section also elaborate on the layout of the cable .
The IMC ( Internet Mail Consortium ) is an international organization that promotes electronic mail and electronic mail standards on the Internet .
The import server at the remote location makes data more available to remote users .
The important difference between the two systems for the purposes of this discussion is that operational systems deal with a specific set of data , such as the inventory , while information systems are concerned with extracting useful information from a variety of related information sources , informational systems access and use data from the following information sources :
The important feature is that the user or the user applications should be able to specify the ATM QoS parameter .
The important point about a switched service is that it provides any - to - any connections , as shown in Figure C - 15 .
The important point is that once a message arrives at a router that is attached to the destination computer 's subnetwork , the IP address is no longer used .
The important point is that packets are transferred in order over a specific path and arrive at the destination in order .
The important point is that the service provider guarantees a certain bandwidth and no one else competes for that bandwidth ( unlike public packet - switching networks ) .
The IMTC and DataBeam sites given below under " Information on the Internet " have additional information .
The IMTC 's Web site is at http : / / www . imtc . org .
The individual permissions in the following list are used in combination to make up standard permissions , which will be described in a moment .
The industry believes that adding a reliable protocol on top of IP Multicast provides many benefits , just as TCP provides reliable services on top of IP .
The industry has been working to develop the methodologies that will make public acceptance more widespread .
The industry has rallied around the term " push , " so coverage of this technology is covered under the heading " Push . " .
The industry is currently confused about what a VPN is , but as you will see , the confusion has more to do with what to call VPNs as they evolve into new networking technologies .
The industry is pushing for a standard distributed object model that will conceivably allow objects everywhere to communicate .
The industry refers to this as Layer 2 switching .
The inefficiency of this process has prompted the development of new Web protocols and component applications that are more efficient at transmitting information .
The inevitable laws of freeways and networks dictate that new lanes or increased bandwidth will be quickly used up .
The InfoBus categorizes JavaBeans as " data providers " and " data consumers . " .
The InfoBus is a communication mechanism designed to run in a single client or a single server .
The InfoBus is a compact Java programming interface that allows cooperating applets or JavaBeans on a Web page or in a Java application to communicate data to one another .
The information held by each field in the header is explained here :
The information in the header adds overhead in the form of additional data that must be transmitted , but the information is essential , especially on shared networks where frames must be addressed to a specific system on the network .
The information is a record in the NDS database , although such a record is more properly called an object .
The information is password protected , so the next time they use a service , they enter only their password to authorize payments .
The information is stored in 2,048 - byte records and operates like a relational database 
The information is stored on a first - in , first - out basis and flows as a stream of bits that is not altered during transmission .
The information is then faxed to them by the fax server .
The information warehouse provides a central point where all data is collected and made available , repackaged , or redistributed to end users .
The initial objective is to get a TGT ( ticket - granting ticket ) from the AS to the client .
The initial protocol supports one SQL statement to one database , but future versions will support multiple statements to one or more databases .
The initial task of the OMG was to create a standard architecture for developing object - oriented applications that would run across a diversity of multi vendor products and operating environments .
The initial work focused on host - to - host security .
The initiative is designed to allow independent software testing centers to verify that code is authentic and bug / virusfree .
The inside network must be secured against attacks from the outside with firewalls and other protective measures .
The Institute ensures that its guiding principles  consensus , due process and openness  are followed by the more than 175 distinct entities currently accredited by the Federation . " .
The instruction sets perform various tasks , such as moving values into registers or executing instructions to add the values in registers .
The instructions are called the microprocessor 's microcode .
The Intel Web site given at the end of this topic has complete information on Winsock 2 , along with a developer 's kit .
The intention was to divide the data signal among all four pairs in the cable and transmit in full - duplex parallel mode .
The interface between the front end and the back end is a specific API ( application programming interface ) .
The interface between the router and CSU / DSU is typically a V.35 serial cable .
The interface connector has 25 pins that are wired through to the opposite connector . Each pin represents a channel on which data is transferred or a specific control signal is sent .
The interface group holds information about network adapters and tracks statistics such as bytes sent and received on the interface .
The interface is point - to - point , meaning it forms a connection between two devices .
The interface is well defined and is specified by the OMG 's IDL ( Interface Definition Language ) .
The interface specification calls for a cable that has 50 copper twisted - pair wires .
The internal user never makes a direct request to an outside system .
The International Telecommunication Union 's H.323 protocol allows Internet telephone apparatus from different vendors to communicate on WANs , LANs , and the Internet .
The Internet and corporate intranets provide an ideal platform for deploying groupware .
The Internet and intranets are becoming the new models for building distributed systems .
The Internet and intranets provide the platform for disseminating information either internally or externally .
The Internet and IP networks are often called " best effort " connectionless delivery systems .
The Internet and new intranet environments , along with component software technology based on Java , ActiveX , and CORBA ( Common Object Request Broker Architecture ) , are creating an environment in which transaction - processing models are greatly needed .
The Internet and TCP / IP networks in general are divided into autonomous systems , which are collections of hosts and routers that typically use the same routing protocol and are administered by a single authority .
The Internet and World Wide Web have created a whole new way to spread viruses .
The Internet can help reduce the cost of doing EDI , although security and reliability are areas of concern .
The Internet community has come up with RSVP as a way to provide QoS on the Internet and on intranets .
The Internet community is working to resolve many security - related issues .
The Internet Engineering Task Force has a number of working groups that are developing methods for using SNMP to access management information for a wide variety of devices on intranets and the Internet .
The Internet grew out of an earlier U . S . Department of Defense project , the ARPANET ( Advanced Research Projects Agency Network ) , that was put into place in 1969 as a pioneering project to test packet - switching networks .
The Internet has had an incredible effect on the telecommunication systems .
The Internet has the biggest network of POP servers in the world .
The Internet helps reduce setup and equipment costs and allows more organizations to participate in a system where business transaction methods have been standardized .
The Internet IOP maps the GIOP to TCP / IP .
The Internet is a collection of autonomous and interconnected networks that implement open protocols and standards .
The Internet is a connectionless system .
The Internet is a global web of interconnected computer networks .
The Internet is a mesh network .
The Internet is a set of linked autonomous systems consisting of educational institutions , government organizations , and companies .
The Internet is already in place as a business - to - business communication system .
The Internet is an example of an international system in which millions of users can exchange electronic mail , and users can search for services that might be available on Internet - connected networks .
The Internet is based on TCP / IP ( Transmission Control Protocol / Internet Protocol ) , an open internetwork communication protocol .
The Internet is divided into domains , or autonomous systems .
The Internet is one big connectionless packet network in which all packet deliveries are handled by connectionless IP .
The Internet is one of the best examples of an internetwork .
The Internet is providing a new basis for building wide area networks that span the globe and that reduce telecommunication cost .
The Internet mail system must send and receive messages from potentially millions of different computers on thousands of different networks .
The Internet protocols , including TCP / IP , are now commonly used throughout the world .
The Internet provides a good example of how object technology can be used .
The Internet provides access to a wide range of information services , electronic mail services , and connectivity services .
The Internet provides vast quantities of timely and useful information to these institutions over existing telecommunication links .
The Internet references given at the end of the section under " Information on the Internet " also provide links to additional resources on the Internet , particularly papers related to network planning , construction , and design .
The Internet server ( FTP and Web ) software components use the same security and administrative features as the file server .
The Internet standard OSPF ( Open Shortest Path First ) routing protocol is a successor to RIP .
The Internet Standards Committees are looking into the OSI ( Open Systems Interconnection ) X.500 global naming service as a way to provide lookup services for everyone attached to the network .
The Internet then provides a global network with inexpensive access to anywhere in the world .
The Internet 's message standard is SMTP ( Simple Mail Transfer Protocol ) , which has become a de facto standard .
The Internets RSVP ( Resource Reservation Protocol ) and ATM QoS ( Quality of Service ) provide such features , as discussed in this section .
The internetwork has a " topology " that must be mapped out so routers can determine what to do with packets that must be forwarded to other networks and hosts .
The Internetworking Task Group is working on an adaptation of this standard called 802.1p , which provides a way for users to set priority bits in frames that specify different classes of traffic .
The InterNIC is a cooperative activity of the NSF ( National Science Foundation ) , AT &amp; T , and Network Solutions , Inc .
The InterNIC Web site is at http : / / www . internic . net .
The Interphase paper listed at the end of this topic under " Information on the Internet " explains this well : " the entire goal behind the LAN Emulation layer is to lie to the upper layer MAC interfaces and convince them that what lies below is a standard Ethernet or Token Ring network .
The intserv Web site is located at http : / / www . ietf . org / html . charters / intserv - charter . html .
The investment and the changes required to get the system going may be too high to make it practical in the near future .
The IP ( currently IP version 4 , or IPv4 ) , is the underlying protocol for routing packets on the Internet and other TCP / IP - based networks .
The IP address classes are described here :
The IP address is composed of two elements : the network address and the host address .
The IP datagram header , pictured in Figure I - 15 , is the envelope in which data is transmitted .
The IP group has objects that track packet flow , packet fragmentation , dropped packets , and similar information .
The IP host address identifies a specific host on an IP internetwork .
The IP portion of the TCP / IP protocol suite provides an addressing scheme for assigning each LAN in an internetwork a unique address .
The IPCDN Web site is at http : / / www . ietf . org .
The IPMI Web site is at http : / / www . ipmulticast . com .
The IPSec protocol provides cryptographic security services supporting a combination of authentication , integrity , access control , and confidentiality .
The IrDA ( Infrared Data Association ) has worked out infrared standards with transmission rates as high as 4 Mbits / sec .
The Iridium system consists of 66 satellites , weighing approximately 689 kilograms ( 1,500 pounds ) , that will be launched into low - earth orbit at an altitude of 420 nautical miles .
The Iridium system is a satellite - based , wireless personal communication network designed to permit any type of telephone transmission  voice , data , fax , or paging  to reach its destination anywhere on earth .
The ISDN channels replace the need for each workstation to have an ISDN adapter or an ISDN modem .
The ISDN circuit supports multiple devices at the same time by implementing time division multiplexing .
The ISDN line consists of two 64 - Kbit / sec voice or data lines that can be combined to provide a 128 - Kbit / sec data line .
The islands ( and the tunnels that connect them ) form the virtual network that sits on top of the Internet as shown in Figure M - 6 .
The iso - Ethernet network requires special hubs that control ISDN connections and channel aggregation .
The iso - Ethernet standard ( IEEE 802.9a ) is a combination of Ethernet and ISDN ( Integrated Services Digital Network ) on the same cable .
The ISO ( International Organization for Standardization ) and IEC ( International Electrical Committee ) are developing EDI standards for the Internet under a joint committee called Open - EDI .
The ISO ( International Organization for Standardization ) is a worldwide federation that promotes international standards .
The ISO and the IEC formed the ISO / IEC JTC1 ( Joint Technical Committee 1 ) in 1987 to study standards related to information technologies .
The ISO developed HDLC ( High - level Data Link Control ) from the protocol .
The ISO is a worldwide federation of national standards bodies with representatives from over 100 countries .
The ISO then modified ADCCP into HDLC ( Highlevel Data Link Control ) and the CCITT ( now ITU ) modified HDLC for its LAPB ( Link Access Procedure Balanced ) protocol .
The ISOC approves appointments to the IAB from nominees submitted by the IETF nominating committee .
The ISOC is a nongovernmental international organization to promote global cooperation and coordination for the Internet and its internetworking technologies and applications .
The ISOC Web site is at http : / / www . isoc . org .
The ISP extends the Internet all the way to your servers .
The ISP maintains a database for a corporation that associates the username with a specific endpoint .
The ISP may either host the Web site on their own computers or provide all the connections for Web servers located at the business 's site .
The ISP then extracts the TCP / IP packets and forwards them on the Internet .
The ISP then forwards these through a router to the Internet .
The ISP usually handles the paperwork to register your Web site and obtain a domain name of your choice .
The ISP 's news server exchanges information with other news servers around the world in order to keep up with the latest newsgroup information .
The ITU adapted SONET to create SDH ( Synchronous Digital Hierarchy ) , a worldwide telecom - munication standard .
The ITU and ISO are described elsewhere in this book .
The ITU H.320 standard ( 1990 ) is an umbrella standard that established the means for making different vendors ' videoconferencing equipment interoperate over switched digital phone lines .
The ITU is an agency of the United Nations that coordinates the establishment and operation of global telecommunication networks and services .
The ITU was founded in 1865 when telegraph systems were the primary means of international communication .
The ITU was set up as part of the agreement to work on subsequent amendments .
The IX provides ISPs and their customers with a mission - critical full - time operation , a full range of Internet services , and a choice of telecommunication carriers such as Pacific Bell and MFS Telecom .
The IXCs use terrestrial and satellite microwave systems or optical cable to connect their sites over long distances .
The Java Fund is an industry consortium of vendors including IBM , Netscape , Oracle , and others that are working together on Java development .
The Java model is simple  clients run a Java VM and downloadable Java applets run in the VM .
The JavaBean component standard is used to create client - side applets , server - side applications ( called servlets ) , and components to access enterprise services .
The JavaOS architecture consists of a microkernel and memory manager , device drivers , the Java Virtual Machine , the JavaOS Graphics and JavaOS Windowing systems , networking classes , and support for the full Java applications programming interface .
The JEPI project explores the technology required to provide a negotiation layer over multiple payment methods , protocols , and transports .
The JMAPI ( Java Management API ) is a simple ODBC - based database for storing management information .
The job of exchanging messages is handled by the SMTP protocol .
The Joe ORB is automatically downloaded into Web browsers along with Java applets .
The Ka - band ( 19.4  19.6 GHz for downlinks ; 29.1  29.3 GHz for uplinks ) serves as the link between the satellite and the gateways and earth terminals .
The kernel typically runs processes and provides interprocess communication among them .
The kernel typically runs processes and provides interprocess communication among those processes .
The key might be compromised in transit .
The key scheme can also be used to digitally sign e - mail messages .
The key to achieving higher speeds is to eliminate the analog loop at the ISP .
The key to SNMP popularity is its simplicity .
The key to VRML is that the description of objects in the three - dimensional world ( not the actual graphics ) are transmitted to the user .
The L - band ( 1616  1626.5 MHz ) serves as the link between the satellite and Iridium subscriber equipment .
The lack of a naming convention , along with a variety of techniques from different vendors and standards bodies , has only made things more confusing .
The LAN access standards are designed for local networks that have relatively limited cable lengths and that tend to become overloaded as more workstations are added .
The LAP protocols are part of a group of data link layer protocols for framing and transmitting data across point - to - point links .
The LAPD ( Link Access Procedure for D Channel ) protocol is used to provide control - level signaling on a separate channel , much like is done in ISDN .
The LAPF ( Link Access Procedure for Frame - Mode Bearer Services ) protocol is used to provide frame delimiting , multiplexing and demultiplexing , frame inspection ( for length ) , error detection , and congestion control .
The last half of the address is a unique number for the board , assigned at the factory .
The last line indicates that the content type is multipart ( there are multiple parts to the message ) , and that each part is separated by a line that reads " boundary _ marker .
The last point has benefits for users because it standardizes network cabling and installation , opening the market for competing products and services in the area of premises wiring , design , installation , and management .
The last portion , " edu , " is an Internettype code indicating an educational institution .
The last station in numeric order passes the token back to the first station .
The last step is to determine which bridges and bridge ports will provide a pathway through the network to the root based on the least path cost .
The last step proves the message is from you .
The later standards are used for high - speed communication over telephone lines .
The latest generation of PBXs also support LAN connections .
The latest incarnation of DB2 is DB2 Universal Database , a scaleable , multimedia Web - enabled database that runs on Intel and UNIX platforms , as well as a variety of SMP ( symmetrical multiprocessing ) and MPP ( massively parallel processing ) environments .
The latest operating system for the System / 390 supports TCP / IP networks and runs client / server applications .
The latest release addresses the areas of integration with desktop productivity tools , including Lotus SmartSuite and Microsoft Office ; Microsoft Internet Explorer integration ; a new task - oriented navigation scheme to help users access the product ; enhanced contact management ; and POP3 support for Internet mail .
The latest release includes CDE ( Common Desktop Environment ) as the default desktop .
The latest release of the software provides a standard application presentation environment for multiple distributed platforms .
The latest router design combines switching and routing to boost routing speed even more .
The latest SCSI standard is SCSI - 3 , which has features that are a major departure from the original SCSI specification .
The latest trend in SONET is WDM ( wavelength division multiplexing ) , which provides the technology to dramatically multiply the data rate of optical cables .
The latest trend is component technology in the form of Java applets and Microsoft ActiveX controls .
The latest trend is to build so - called intranets using TCP / IP protocols and Web technologies .
The latest trend is to incorporate user authentication features that verify the authenticity of a user one time for all resources on a network .
The latest trend is to use Internet and Web technologies for software distribution on in - house platforms .
The latest version , SOCKS5 , adds authentication , which allows network administrators to control user access through the SOCKS server .
The latest version , WinSock 2.0 , has some interesting features , as discussed later .
The latest version of DCE provides a variety of improvements in manageability , fault tolerance , performance , and scalability .
The latest version of Ethernet , Gigabit Ethernet , has a data rate of 1 Gbit / sec .
The latest version of IMAP is version 4 , or IMAP4 .
The latest version of The X Window System is System 11 Release 6.3 ( X11R6.3 ) .
The latter can be avoided by encrypting passwords that cross network channels or by using advanced schemes that do not send passwords .
The latter is often established to provide additional performance .
The latter is often implemented by organizations with a large mobile work force or even ISPs ( Internet service providers ) that provide dialup access to the Internet .
The latter method is called duplexing .
The latter option is discussed next .
The latter option is dramatically changing the way that remote access and wide area networks are configured and used .
The latter refers to building a single network that supports voice and data on the same cabling system .
The latter solution lets users select an external modem of choice .
The latter standards are part of the CDDI ( Copper Distributed Data Interface ) , which is limited to 100 meters .
The latter transmits frames to the ATM network , where they are then converted to cells by the carrier .
The latter two are typically used for point - to - point links on the Internet .
The layer 3 approach can be extended to include more routing functionality right in the switch , and that is what many vendors have done with their high - end switches .
The layers immediately above the physical layer define how data is packaged for transport over the physical network .
The layout of a network 's cable system and the methods that workstations use to access and transmit data on the cable are part of the topology of a network .
The layout of a TIA / EIA - 568 - A structured cable system is illustrated in Figure T - 7 .
The LDAP ( Lightweight Directory Access Protocol ) , now widely accepted in the Internet community , is actually a subset of X.500 .
The LECs are required to provide a point of presence ( an interface ) for the IXCs .
The LES returns the appropriate ATM connection address to the LEC , and the LEC proceeds to encapsulate the frames from the legacy workstation in cells and send them across an ATM connection to the destination .
The letter represents the network , and the number represents the node on that network .
The level of this verification depends on the CA .
The licensing program delivers keys to users who request the use of an application .
The licensing program delivers keys to users who request the use of an application .
The life span of the battery and how it degrades over time .
The limitations of the original RFC 822 specification include a requirement that lines cannot exceed 1,000 characters and that data must be 7 - bit ASCII characters , which excludes foreign characters .
The line - coding technique in T1 also wastes bandwidth , and repeaters are required at 2 - kilometer intervals .
The line goes directly to the telephone company 's switching office .
The line into your Web site must have sufficient bandwidth to handle the traffic you expect .
The line overhead provides a way to monitor the status of the line .
The line sublayer is concerned with multiplexing , and the path sublayer is involved with actual end - to - end connections across repeaters and multiplexors .
The lines are called private because no one else competes for bandwidth on the line as with packet - switching networks such as frame relay ( although guaranteed bandwidth is available with frame relay ) .
The lines are called private because the organization controls transmissions on the line and no one else competes for bandwidth on the line as with packet - switching networks such as frame relay ( although guaranteed bandwidth is available with frame relay ) .
The lines are fractional , meaning that they can be leased as subchannels .
The lines are leased from the telephone company and installed between two points to provide dedicated , full - time service .
The lines are typically leased on a monthly basis and set up between two fixed points .
The lines must be free of noise to achieve the top speed .
The link access layer defines data transmission as a sequence of frames .
The link between the cluster controller and the communication controller is either a modem for analog circuits or CSUs / DSUs ( channel service units / data service units ) for digital circuits .
The link from the customer 's FRAD to the edge switches , as shown in Figure F - 20 , is a statistically multiplexed line that supports multiple circuits over the same wire .
The link may cross the Internet or use private network links .
The link may display information in the document that is continually updated , only updated when the document is loaded , or updated when the user requests it .
The link process starts when you type the address of a Web site in your Web browser ( or click a button ) .
The links between firewalls are secure encrypted tunnels .
The links between the switches provide a high - performance backbone and promote a hierarchical network infrastructure .
The links in the bundle may also be different , such as dial - up asynchronous lines and leased synchronous lines .
The links may be dial - up or permanent leased lines .
The links provide redundancy .
The LLC is part of the data link layer in a protocol stack .
The LLC sublayer provides a way for the network layer to communicate with one of these protocols .
The loadsharing bridge is the most efficient form of bridge .
The local carrier typically has several switching offices ( called central offices , or COs ) within the same LATA .
The local LEC requests a MAC - to - ATM address resolution from its LES , which we will assume has already built a resolution table .
The local loop has some limitations that severely restrict its data carrying capacity .
The local loop is the copper twisted - pair wire that runs from homes and businesses to the telephone company 's switching system .
The local loop is the two - wire connection between a telephone subscriber and the telephone company 's central office , as shown in Figure L - 8 .
The local loop still uses analog transmission methods for voice calls .
The location of the object that can satisfy the request is not important .
The logical hierarchy is illustrated in Figure T - 8 .
The logon " event " has the greatest potential for compromising security on your systems .
The logon procedure asks for an account name and a password .
The long - distance carriers have dominated this market because they can provide the best connectivity over a wider geographic area .
The longer a cable , the more likely you will find signal distortion .
The loose source - routing option is used to specify routers that the packet must cross , although intermediate routers not in the list can also be crossed .
The lower layer defines connections to the physical transmission medium and the signaling techniques used on the medium .
The lower layers deal with framing and transmission of bits , the middle layer deals with packaging and addressing information and maintaining sessions between computers , and the top layers define application protocols and how programs can use the underlying network services .
The lower layers define physical components and transmission schemes , the middle layers define communication management routines , and the upper layers define how applications connect into the model .
The lower layers define physical components and transmission schemes ; the middle layers define communication management routines ; and the upper layers define how applications connect into the model .
The lower MAC layer defines the media access method , which can be either CSMA / CD ( carrier sense multiple access / collision detection ) , token ring , or another IEEE physical interface .
The lower MAC layer provides the interface between the LLC and the particular network medium that is in use ( Ethernet , token ring , etc . ) .
The lower part of TAPI is called the SPI ( Service Provider Interface ) .
The lower value is then negotiated .
The lowest layer defines physical hardware specifications , while the highest layers define user - level application interfaces .
The lowest layers define physical connections , such as the cable type , access method , and topology , and how data is sent over the network .
The lowest layers define physical interfaces and electrical transmission characteristics .
The LSL determines which protocol stack the packet should go to and hands it to the protocol .
The LSL provides a link for drivers at the bottom and protocols at the top .
The LU types are as follows :
The MAC ( Medium Access Control ) sublayer is where individual shared LAN technologies such as Ethernet are defined .
The MAC address is the hardwired address built into network interface cards .
The MAC layer frames data for transmission over the network , then passes the frame to the physical layer interface where it is transmitted as a stream of bits .
The MAC layer is responsible for appending the actual physical address of the destination computer to the frame .
The MAC sublayer is the lower half of the data link layer and interfaces directly with the physical layer .
The MAC sublayer sits below the LLC sublayer , which provides the data link control for any installed MAC drivers below it .
The MAC sublayer supports a variety of different network types , each of which has a specific way of arbitrating access to the network .
The Mach operating system was developed at Carnegie - Mellon University .
The machine - like language it creates is specific to the particular CPU that the VM runs on .
The machine has an external interface that you access to get something , such as cash or an account balance .
The magnetically altered disk is read by using a laser that reflects a polarized beam of light off the magnetically aligned particles of the disk .
The main characteristic of spread spectrum is that the original signal is spread out to a very wide bandwidth , often over 200 times the bandwidth of the original signal .
The main issue with adding multimedia applications to the network is the traffic load .
The main point is that there is no packetizing of information as is done on CDPD - enabled cellular networks or on digital cellular services .
The mainframe may hold legacy data , or it may serve as a centralized data warehouse .
The major part of an application executes on a server , so the NC needs minimal resources .
The majority of home telephone connections use analog signaling over copper wire .
The MAN standard is compatible with other IEEE LAN standards and supports traffic that adheres to the 802. 2 LLC ( Logical Link Control ) standard .
The MAN standard is specifically designed for large networks and heavy loads .
The management system runs at a central location , but in a distributed management system , management subsystems may reside at various points in the network to collect local information that is periodically collected by the main management system .
The management system then queries the SNMP agent to gain information about a system .
The manager then reads information from objects in the MIB .
The managers or supervisors of the department have special management rights to the containers , which automatically give them rights to manage the objects within the container .
The MAPI architecture is pictured in Figure M - 3 .
The MAPI service provider performs the requested action for the client and passes the action back through the MAPI subsystem to the MAPI client .
The market for supercomputers has been increasing .
The market has found that many customers will tolerate a small decrease in the quality of the call for the significantly reduced cost of making a call , particularly an international call , where savings can run to 50 percent or more .
The markups were so obscure that users quickly realized a standard markup language was needed to reduce confusion .
The MARS server also manages the addresses of users that are joining and leaving groups .
The MARS server is queried to resolve a layer 3 multicast address into the set of ATM addresses that make up the group .
The Mass Storage System from UniTree : NCSA 's hierarchical archival storage system that runs on a HP - Convex C3 machine ( access is via the FTP interface ) .
The massive amount of information that is sent on a typical LAN make this necessary .
The master controls the flow of messages from producers to consumers and can reject messages from producers that may have since dropped out of the multicast group .
The master controls the reliability parameters of the multicast group , as well as its membership and performance .
The master data is stored and edited on a secure internal server .
The material is highly resistant to change , but when heated with a laser , a high magnetic flux can be applied to change the magnetic state of the very small area heated by the laser , thus allowing high data packing .
The MAX TNT implements a backplane architecture that can be scaled by adding modular cards .
The maximum distance between two end systems for a 100Base - T twisted - pair broadcast domain segment is approximately 200 to 250 meters ( depending on the hardware and configuration , so check with your vendor ) .
The maximum distance is 2,500 meters ( 2.5 miles ) 
The maximum distance of a CO - to - home or office cable is about 5 kilometers .
The maximum horizontal distance from the telecommunication closet to the communication outlets is 90 meters independent of media type .
The maximum link segment distance is 100 meters , but if faceplates are used , the specification recommends not exceeding 90 meters from hub to faceplate .
The maximum network trunk length is 910 meters ( 3,035 feet ) .
The maximum segment length is 186 meters ( 607 feet ) .
The maximum size of an IP datagram is 65,535 bytes minus the header .
The MBone exists on top of the Internet as a virtual network in which mrouters exist as " islands " that are surrounded by unicast routers .
The MBone implements a metric system that assigns a " weight " to each tunnel .
The MBone is a cooperative system .
The MBone is a multicast system for broadcasting messages and multimedia information to multiple recipients on the Internet .
The MBone originated as an IETF ( Internet Engineering Task Force ) experiment in audiocasting , where live audio was multicast from IETF meetings to a multicast group with members located around the world .
The measure of these effects depends on the material used to construct the cable and can be diminished with various cable designs .
The mechanism for doing this will be built into browsers and take place automatically when a user downloads code .
The media that interconnect nodes are copper wire , fiber - optic cable , or microwave .
The medical and scientific fields will also benefit from having instant access to the latest research information in databases scattered throughout the country .
The medium for an analog transmission may be twisted pair cable , coaxial cable , fiberoptic cable , the atmosphere , or space .
The medium may be guided or unguided , where guided media is a metal or optical cable and unguided media refers to transmitting signals through air or the vacuum of space .
The memory is said to be coherent , even though it is distributed in separate processing nodes .
The menus , toolbars , palettes , and other controls necessary to interact with the object temporarily replace the existing menus and controls of the active window .
The message contains the IP address of the DHCP server that leased the IP address it will use , so other DHCP servers retract their offer to lease an IP address and return the IP address to the address pool to be assigned to other clients .
The message is then sent by the MTAs .
The message may also contain a previous IP address that it has leased from a DHCP server .
The message must be digitally signed before Bob will accept it and go to the races .
The messages sent by this layer travel down the protocol stack , across the wire and up through the protocol stack to the destination .
The messaging system uses the underlying network protocols and facilities to deliver information to end users .
The metaphor is this : your desktop is a receiver much like a television or radio . You subscribe to Web servers that broadcast information ( continuously or intermittently ) .
The method of mapping digital bits of each channel into the time slots of a T1 line is covered under " Multiplexing . " .
The MF ( More Fragments ) bit indicates that the information in a frame is part of fragmented data set .
The microkernel architecture is designed to handle only the most critical functions of the operating system , such as thread scheduling , tasking , synchronization , timing , virtual memory management , interrupts , and system messaging .
The microprocessor is the basic processing component of desktop computer systems and at the heart of every microprocessor is circuitry that performs instructions .
The Microsoft Exchange Server is made up of the electronic mail and messaging components that provide a messaging infrastructure for electronic mail and collaborative computing applications .
The Microsoft IIS ( Internet Information Server ) is the Web server component that is included with Windows NT itself without additional charge .
The Microsoft NDIS was designed to make it easier for NIC ( network interface card ) vendors to market NICs that work with a variety of network protocols and operating systems .
The Microsoft SNA Server is the host connectivity component that provides Windows , Macintosh , DOS , and OS / 2 clients with access to AS / 400 and IBM mainframes .
The Microsoft SQL Server is the relational database component for managing and storing data .
The Microsoft Systems Management Server is the network management component that reduces support and administrative costs by providing a central location for managing network hardware and software , software distribution , troubleshooting , and application management .
The Microsoft Windows family of products began as a graphical user interface that ran on top of the DOS operating system .
The microSPARC : line is designed for desktop use .
The MID identifies a particular connection within the tunnel .
The middle layers define how devices communicate , maintain a connection , check for errors , and perform flow control to ensure that one system does not receive more data than it can process .
The middle protocol layer , generically called the transport layer in this case , is responsible for keeping the communication session alive and running and for coordinating the transfer of information .
The MIFF is a text file that collects information about systems and makes it available to management programs .
The MIME ( Multipurpose Internet Mail Extension ) type , which defines the media format ( text , sound , pictures , video , and so on ) .
The minimum IPX packet size is 30 bytes and the maximum packet size is 65,535 bytes .
The minimum memory is 16 MB .
The minimum processor is an Intel Pentium 100 MHz or equivalent .
The mirror site contains all the information contained on the master site and makes it available to users in the regional area .
The MIS object is a container that holds the user accounts and resources for the MIS department .
The MLP layer handles distributing frames among the links and thus gives upper layers full access to the links .
The moats and walls provide the perimeter defense , while the gatehouses and drawbridges provide " choke points " through which everyone must travel to enter or leave the castle .
The mobile users operating system updates itself with the latest code and drivers from a network server when booted .
The model implements the concept of a LIS ( logical IP subnet ) , a closed logical IP subnetwork ( such as a department or workgroup ) consisting of a group of hosts and routers .
The model on the right in Figure N - 13 implements a structured wiring system that is hierarchical in nature .
The model provides a better way to distribute and update applications , especially on the Internet .
The modem connects over the local loop to the telephone company central office .
The modem may connect and disconnect continuously throughout the day to handle fluctuations in network traffic , such as e - mail delivery or an occasional user connection .
The modems at each end coordinate their activities and take turns transmitting .
The modems employ compatible communication techniques that comply with several standards , most notably the ITU V series standards ( previously called the CCITT standards ) .
The modular MAC sublayer handles different types of medium access methods and the upper layer acts as a sort of " switchboard " to move frames among the network modules in the MAC sublayer .
The modulation rate is expressed in terms of baud , or the number of signal changes per second .
The modulation techniques described in the table are FSK ( frequency - shift keying ) , PSK ( phase - shift keying ) , QAM ( quadrature amplitude modulation ) , and TCM ( trellis - coded modulation ) .
The modules are layered on top of the Mach microkernel .
The monitor then tells them to commit the transaction , and one of the systems must acknowledge that they did indeed commit the transaction .
The more bits used , the larger the number of subnets but the smaller the number of hosts on each subnet .
The more common scenario is to connect frame networks such as Ethernet to an ATM backbone or build a switched network as shown on the right in Figure A10 .
The more header information , the less data sent .
The more packets lost , the greater the distortion .
The more popular TCP / IP and IPX protocols are mentioned with respect to the layers in which they reside .
The more popular TCP / IP protocol suite uses slightly different terminology , but the process is similar .
The more stations attached to the network , the more collisions and the bigger the delay problem .
The most basic compression techniques are described here :
The most basic firewall devices are built on routers and work in the lower layers of the network protocol stack .
The most common analog transmissions systems are the local loop portion of the telephone system and wireless systems such as cellular phone systems , terrestrial microwave systems , and satellite systems .
The most common attributes are Common Name , Address , Mail , Department , Phone , Fax , and so on .
The most common bus topology network is Ethernet .
The most common data link level protocols are listed here with a short description .
The most common examples of nonbroadcast network media include ATM ( Asynchronous Transfer Mode ) , frame relay , SMDS ( Switched Multi megabit Data Service ) , and X.25 .
The most common examples of OLTPs are airline reservation systems and banking transaction systems .
The most common interface for modems is the EIA - 232 standard , which was originally called RS - 232 .
The most common issues are briefly outlined here :
The most common link - state routing method is OSPF ( Open Shortest Path First ) .
The most common link state routing protocol is the OSPF ( Open Shortest Path First ) , but the OSI IS - IS ( Intermediate System - to - Intermediate System ) is similar .
The most common middleware today is the Microsoft - defined ODBC ( Open Database Connectivity ) .
The most common ORB is used in CORBA ( Common Object Request Broker Architecture ) .
The most common PC - to - host connectivity configurations are outlined here :
The most common search sites are given here :
The most common security breach is unauthorized access to user accounts .
The most common services are available at predefined port numbers that serve as unique identifiers for those services .
The most common standards for DTE / DCE devices are EIA ( Electronic Industries Association ) RS - 232 - C and RS - 232 - D .
The most common transaction processing examples are airline reservation systems , banking transactions systems , and accounting systems such as order - entry billing .
The most critical enhancements are improvements in security for the Internet as well as for intranet environments .
The most current information automatically replaces outdated data on the screen and in the disk cache .
The most important are that long - distance charges are reduced and that the links can supplement dedicated leased lines .
The most important consideration is that filtering is even more important on dialup or leased lines because of the limited bandwidth of the lines .
The most important feature is hyperlinking .
The most important feature is that the frame switch divides the LAN into multiple LAN segments in which each segment has the full bandwidth of the network topology in use .
The most important feature of IPv6 is its longer address space , it is 16 bytes long , compared to 16 bits for IPv4 ! .
The most important part of SGML is that files contain standard ASCII text , which means they are portable from one system to another .
The most important products are outlined here .
The most important thing about directory services is that they centralize information about network resources .
The most important thing is that DSL services operate over the twisted - pair wiring that exists in the local loop , the phone network that is wired to homes and offices throughout the country .
The most interesting control is the DE ( discard eligibility ) bit .
The most often used high - speed digital line service is the T1 channel , which provides transmission rates of 1.544 Mbits / sec .
The most popular PDP system is the 16 - bit PDP - 11 , but the VAX ( Virtual Address Extension ) 32 - bit family of computers , first introduced in 1977 , makes up the current DEC minicomputer line .
The most popular search engines on the Internet are AltaVista , Excite , Infoseek , and Lycos .
The most prominent T - carrier levels are T1 and T3 .
The most recent and important ITU - T modem standards are listed in the following table .
The most recent development in the videoconferencing field are the modem - based videoconferencing systems found in multimedia PCs .
The most recent devices perform data compression , route selection , and security functions , and collect management information .
The most recent regulation was the Telecommunication Act of 1996 , which attempts to open local and long - distance markets to a plethora of alternate providers , including cable , cellular , and broadcast companies .
The most serious attack of this type is when someone gains access to an administrator or superuser account .
The most significant feature of this version is the ability to use X to create and access interactive applications on the Web .
The MPB ( massively parallel backbone ) potentially can support multiple trunks that have up to 200 WDM OC - 48 circuits at 2. 4 Gbits / sec each .
The MPEG - 1 specification defines video and audio and how to access full - motion video from disk at 1.5 to 2 Mbits / sec .
The MPLS Web site is given below .
The MPOA - compatible edge switches and the route servers work together to perform the functions that are normally performed by a router in a typical IP network .
The MSNBC Web site is at www . businessvideo . msnbc . com .
The MTA contains an agent of the X.500 directory services system for doing this .
The MTA must translate the address information in the message and determine how to route the message .
The MTA packages the message and addresses it with the address it has translated .
The MTA provides store - and - forward services .
The MTA then performs the task of moving the message to the destination .
The multicast recipient group can change dynamically .
The multiplexor and the transmission line must be of sufficient capacity to keep up with the sum of all the channel inputs .
The NADH is discussed elsewhere in this book .
The name comes from the Frenchman Baudot , who developed an encoding scheme for the French telegraph system in 1877 .
The name comes from the three - headed dog that guarded the entrance to Hades .
The name is from 1 to 15 characters long and uniquely identifies a workstation to both computers and users .
The name UNIX comes from UNICS ( UNiplexed Information and Computer System ) , a tongue - in - cheek play on words derived from Multics .
The names of persons or systems may be repeated throughout a document .
The namespace consists of directories that hold files .
The naming system is hierarchical in structure , as Figure D - 28 shows .
The NAS contacts the corporate gateway and assigns a MID ( multiplex ID ) to the new tunnel .
The NAS inspects the username in the logon information and determines whether a virtual dial - up service is required .
The National Security Agency / Central Security Service is responsible for protecting U . S . communications as well as for producing foreign intelligence information .
The National Security Agency has outlined the requirements for secure products in a document titled " Trusted Computer System Evaluation Criteria " ( TCSEC ) .
The national service provider then switches packets to appropriate locations .
The native NetWare internetworking protocol is IPX ( Internetwork Packet Exchange ) .
The native protocol that Web clients and servers use to communicate is HTTP ( Hypertext Transfer Protocol ) .
The NC connects to the network via TCP / IP protocols and supports terminal emulation , X Window , Java , and Web browser software .
The NC is more than a low - cost corporate computing device .
The NC is not tied to one processor family as Microsoft Windows is largely tied to the Intel processor family .
The NC Server supports Java applications and " push " strategies for distributing applications to clients .
The NCSA ( National Computer Security Association ) is an independent organization that is concerned with computer security issues .
The NCSA Web site is at http : / / www . ncsa . com .
The NDIS layer interfaces both protocol stacks to the NIC .
The NDS directory tree is organized hierarchically according to an organization 's structure .
The negotiation process determines the maximum signaling rate available between the two modems as well as the use of compression .
The neighboring router attached to port 2 will then calculate additional pathways through other routers , if necessary .
The NetBIOS ( Network Basic Input Output System ) and NetBEUI ( NetBIOS Extended User Interface ) protocols were designed by IBM and Microsoft to support network communication in the small - to medium - sized LAN environment .
The NetPC does not contain a floppy disk or CD - ROM , so users cannot load programs and data onto hard disk or copy data to floppy disk .
The NetWare 3.x and 4.x operating systems are modular and expandable .
The NetWare filing system consists of servers with storage systems that have one or more volumes of information .
The NetWare UFS ( Universal File System ) provides many performance - enhancing features as described here :
The network administrator , working at a management console , produces reports and graphs about the state of the network from this information .
The network administrator adds a computer ( or user ) to a VLAN based on a switch port address , a computer hardware address ( the MAC or medium access control address of a network interface card ) , an IP address , or some other method .
The network administrator can change cost values manually to assign preferences for a particular port .
The network administrator can create logical LAN segments by configuring any port to be part of a specific LAN .
The network administrator can designate which packets can initiate a dial - on - demand sequence .
The network administrator can set various password features , such as aging , and also set time limits on user accounts .
The network administrator essentially creates a table that defines which MAC addresses belong with what VLAN .
The network administrator ties together specific ports on hub or switching devices to create individual LANs .
The network administrator uses manual configuration methods or a management interface to configure the logical LANs .
The network appears as a cloud in Figure F - 20 , with many edge devices at different locations .
The network can be constructed as one big flat network in which there are no subnetworks or routers , and where any computer can potentially link with any other computer .
The network can usually handle peaks in a customer 's traffic .
The network does nothing to warn that a packet was dropped or to request a new packet .
The network dynamically allocates bandwidth up to the CIR to the PVCs as needed , and then may allocate additional bandwidth for bursts in traffic , depending on what was negotiated with the customer .
The network hardware is responsible for transmitting information to other devices attached to the network .
The network has many endpoints and potentially many paths that lead to endpoints , thus providing redundancy and load balancing .
The network implements the token - passing method on a broadcast bus network .
The network layer basically manages multiple data link connections .
The network layer can also be called the internetwork layer because it provides the functionality that allows different types of networks to be joined and share a common addressing scheme .
The network layer can provide packet - switching services similar to X.25 .
The network layer IP protocol is a connectionless service while the transport layer provides reliable connection - oriented services , in some cases over highly unreliable networks .
The network layer is concerned with moving data across multiple data link connections , or put another way , moving data across multiple networks that are connected by routers .
The network layer is connectionless , meaning that packets are addressed to a destination but no connection negotiation is performed in advance of sending packets .
The network layer is involved with actually transmitting information from one system to another .
The network layer is the " internetwork " layer of the protocol stack .
The network layer is the third layer of the protocol stack , just above the physical and data link layers .
The network management console does not need to constantly poll probes in order to ensure that this historical information is properly collected .
The network of mail servers on the Internet is quite elaborate .
The network platform that supports a variety of multi vendor products and communication protocols necessary to link those systems .
The network protocols package information for delivery over the network and send it to the appropriate destination .
The network provides a communication infrastructure on which these components communicate to provide the end user with an experience of working with a seamless application .
The network provides easy access to these files so users don't need to make a trip to the back - office storage area or request the files from an off - site location .
The network segment acts as a single broadcast / collision domain in which frames are broadcast over the entire segment .
The network then serves as the link between the host system and the terminals .
The network topology is ring and bus .
The network transmits large amounts of voice , data , and video traffic at high speeds .
The network was meant for research and educational traffic .
The networks are shared by all of the carrier 's customers , but as the network becomes busy , the carrier maintains enough bandwidth to meet customer CIRs .
The new breed of mainframe should be a consideration in any environment that requires a secure and reliable high - performance data server .
The new components allow the client to make direct calls to back - end data systems , bypassing HTTP and HTML .
The new fields are . firm ( businesses or firms ) , . store ( businesses offering goods ) , . arts ( culture and entertainment ) , . rec ( recreational entertainment ) , . info ( information services ) , and . nom ( for individual or personal nomenclature ) .
The new group will continue the work of the previous groups on NHRP ( Next Hop Resolution Protocol ) , ipv4 over ATM , and IPv6 over ATM .
The new interface maintains backward compatibility with previous versions of WinSock while extending support beyond TCP / IP networks by supporting multiple communication protocols .
The new laws allow for end - to - end packaging of services that is supposed to promote competition and benefit customers .
The new model is the component container .
The new model is truly distributed .
The new models provide advanced features like IBM Token Ring attachment interfaces , management , and monitoring .
The new network was to consist of the following features and components :
The new paradigm is multicasting , which provides true broadcasting on the Internet .
The new privileges assigned to it are called inherited privileges .
The new server is often a scalable system into which additional processors and other components may be added at any time .
The new version also improves interoperability among different vendor products .
The new Windows NT Directory Services is built on a hierarchical directory tree , as is NDS .
The new WinSock 2.0 has hooks that allow applications to do just that .
The newer H.323 standard ( 1996 ) is a videoconferencing standard that builds on the H.320 standard .
The newest and fastest drives run at 10,000 rpm .
The newest strategies include a multilayer switching technique that determines if a particular transmission constitutes a long flow ( long transmission ) , and then finds a layer 2 virtual circuit through which it transmits the remaining packets at high speed .
The newest trend in distributed computing is to create component applications .
The Nexor RFC Index Search Form site produces a list of titles with short descriptions and hyperlinks to the RFCs that match the search text .
The next 14 bits define the network address , and the remaining 16 bits identify hosts .
The next 21 bits define the network address , and the remaining 8 bits identify hosts .
The next 64 - bit block is processed using the same procedure .
The next 7 bits define the network address , and the remaining 24 bits identify hosts .
The next layer up , the network layer , handles multiple point - to - point links in the case where frames are transmitted across multiple links to reach their destination .
The next layer up is commonly referred to as the data link layer .
The next level in the hierarchy consists of five groups combined to carry 60 channels ( called a supergroup ) in the frequency range of 312 to 552 kHz .
The next level up , DS1 ( also referred to as the T1 carrier ) , has a bit rate of 1.544 Mbits / sec and carries 24 DS0 channels with some overhead .
The next level up in the NADH hierarchy is DS - 1 , better known as the T1 line .
The next seven entries are based on SCSI - 2 with the Ultra enhancements , and the last two entries are based on SCSI - 2 with Ultra2 enhancements .
The next step up is a dedicated leased line such as T1 1.544 Mbits / sec or packet - switched services such as frame relay .
The next time the user connects to the Web site where the components were obtained , the components may interact with the server at the site to obtain additional information or perform some other task .
The next time you visit , the components are downloaded automatically .
The NII is also the physical network of fiber - optic lines , switches , and network software that is being put into place and maintained by communication and information service providers .
The NII is the so - called " data super highway " that is designed to make information available to the public in many forms , including video programming , scientific or business databases , images , sound recordings , library archives , and other media .
The NMS is the controlling device that gathers information from network agents , stores it in an MIB ( management information base ) on disk , and presents it to network administrators or supervisors for evaluation .
The NN then holds this information and provides it to other nodes on the APPN network .
The NNI cell does not have the GFC ( Generic Flow Control ) field .
The NNTP protocol is the delivery mechanism for the USENET newsgroup service .
The node address is the hardwired address on a network interface card .
The nodes are interconnected with a high - speed switch .
The nodes are tied together with a high - speed switching architecture .
The normal flow of traffic gets held up .
The normal interprocess communication mechanism in UNIX is the pipe , and the socket is the interprocess communication mechanism that works across networks .
The normal IP address contains a network address and the host address .
The normal mode is unbalanced because the secondary station can only transmit when permitted to do so by the primary station .
The normal setup cost is incurred , but you only pay for the channels you use .
The Novell Global Message Handling Service includes CMC support .
The NREN is designed to connect K  12 schools , colleges , universities , libraries , health care industries , business , and manufacturing into a national public network using the Internet .
The NREN is the backbone data network of the Internet , administered by the NSF ( National Science Foundation ) .
The NSA ( National Security Agency ) has outlined the requirements for secure products in a document titled " Trusted Computer System Evaluation Criteria " ( TCSEC ) .
The NSA 's B - level security scheme defines classified objects and a MAC ( medium access control ) system in which objects have a security level defined independently from the owner 's discretion .
The NSF ( National Science Foundation ) has played an important role in the development of the Internet .
The NSF is a U . S . government agency that promotes and funds science research , scientific projects , and the infrastructure required for scientific research .
The NSF sponsors the RA ( Routing Arbiter ) service , which builds a master routing table that includes all the networks on the Internet and provides a single place where ISP routers can obtain this information .
The NSF stopped funding the Routing Arbiter project in December of 1996 and recommended that the route server service go commercial .
The NSFnet connected five supercomputer centers in the United States .
The NT device provides a connection for TE ( terminal equipment ) and TA ( terminal adapter ) equipment to the local loop .
The NTP ( Network Time Protocol ) may be used to obtain time values from outside sources .
The NUMA ( Non - Uniform Memory Access ) architecture solves the nothing - is - shared problem of MPP systems .
The number in this field is actually the sequence number for the next segment that the receiver expects .
The number of backups you perform depends on the number of copies you want to keep , whether you want to keep onsite and offsite copies , and the age of the last backup ( hours , days , weeks ) .
The number of interconnected network segments is an issue in the learning process .
The number of queues is up to the operator .
The OA may provide support for special implementations such as an object - oriented database .
The object - oriented approach encourages an open modular system in which developers and vendors can create their own functionality .
The object adds functionality to the Web browser , and the Web browser provides an environment where the objects can run .
The object implementation is code and data .
The object is carried with the document when it is transferred .
The object then collects the defined information and makes it available to management systems .
The objective of NDMP is to provide enterprise - wide control of backup in heterogeneous environments .
The objective of the DOCIS project , which is managed by Arthur D .
The objects are not actually stored in the document .
The ODBC driver converts the call to a format that the data source can use .
The ODBC environment is pictured in Figure O - 1 .
The ODI interface resides in the data link layer ( relative to the OSI protocol stack ) .
The ODMA specification is a platform - independent API and platform - specific registration and binding specification .
The offered address is marked as " reserved . " .
The offerings that will become available over the next few years should be interesting .
The old 80 / 20 rule , in which 80 percent of the traffic stayed local , is now reversed .
The older model 3705 provides up to 352 communication lines at line speeds up to 230.4 Kbits / sec and can attach to eight hosts .
The OMA reference model identifies and characterizes components , interfaces , and protocols that compose the OMA .
The OMG developed the OMA architectural model as a vision of what a distributed environment should look like .
The only discernible difference may be that the interface appears to run at speeds much higher than Ethernet or Token Ring would support . " .
The only problem is that current LAN emulation strategies tend to hide ATM from the higher layer protocols and applications running in a user 's computer .
The only problem is that the Internet is a shared public network with little security and no way to guarantee bandwidth .
The only problem with iso - Ethernet is that it currently only supports 10 - Mbit / sec Ethernet .
The only problem with this approach is that drivers and fixes are only available if some user decides to develop them .
The only problem with this design is that storing data in memory adds considerable delay .
The only problem with this scheme is that ATM is a virtual circuit - based , connection - oriented , cell - based networking scheme while Ethernet ( assuming that is the predominant LAN scheme ) is a connectionless frame - based scheme .
The only problem with this technique is the overhead of making all those phone calls .
The only thing is , you still need to know which bus will take you there .
The only way you can register domain names is with NSI .
The Open Blueprint : IBM 's architecture for building and deploying distributed applications .
The Open Blueprint architecture includes support for all major network and transport protocols .
The Open Blueprint is IBM 's newest vision that encompasses support for multiple application interfaces , networking protocols ( TCP / IP , SNA , and NetBIOS ) , and transmission methods such as frame relay and ATM .
The Open Group ( http : / / www . osf . org ) implements Mach in its operating system products .
The Open Group developed the Secure Enterprise Web technology to allow off - the - shelf browsers and servers to interact with DCE naming and security services .
The Open Group is an international consortium of vendors , government agencies , and educational institutions that develops standards for open systems .
The Open Group makes DCE source code available to vendors , who then incorporate it into their products .
The Open Group manages UNIX standards such as the CDE ( Common Desktop Environment ) and Motif graphical user interfaces .
The Open Group 's DCE ( Distributed Computing Environment ) : A set of enabling software that hides the difference between multi vendor products , technologies , and standards by providing tools for the development and maintenance of distributed applications .
The Open Group 's DCE includes its own directory services that are integrated with other DCE components as described under " DCE , The Open Group . " .
The Open Group 's mission is to enable customer choice in the implementation of multi vendor information systems .
The Open Group 's Web site is located at http : / / www . opengroup . org .
The open nature of the Internet promotes business opportunities .
The Open Software Foundation ( OSF ) 's DME provides a foundation for managing computer systems and networks in the enterprise environment .
The operating system also includes DCE ( Distributed Computing Environment ) .
The operating system also includes IBM Personal Communications / 3270 , a communication package that lets users connect with IBM SNA ( Systems Network Architecture ) systems over TCP / IP networks .
The operating system also supports important protocols such as TCP / IP , IPX , and NetBIOS .
The operating system also supports network communications .
The operating system can be stored in flash ROM or be booted from the network .
The operating system can continue to provide user access to the drive array during the rebuilding operation .
The operating system can restore connections and the desktop of the previous session automatically .
The operating system is designed for Web networking and enterprise networking .
The operating system is essentially free .
The operating system may have each processor work on a different task .
The operator would then connect a cable on a switchboard from your phone outlet to the outlet of the callee .
The opposite is static routing , in which the router manager enters the routes manually .
The opposite of a besteffort delivery service is a connection oriented service .
The opposite of attenuation is amplification .
The opposite station may indicate that it cannot handle payloads larger than 1,000 bytes .
The optic core of fiber - optic cable is pure silicon dioxide .
The Oracle technique is to provide plug - in software " cartridges " that run as separate processes in the server .
The ORB ( Object Request Broker ) : Manages communication among objects .
The ORB defined by the OMG is part of CORBA ( Common Object Request Broker Architecture ) .
The ORB process is similar to a remote procedure call with the added benefit that the ORB itself is capable of locating other objects that can service requests .
The ORB then locates the requested object or an object that can provide servers and establishes communication between the client and server .
The organization was founded in 1989 and is located in Carlisle , Pennsylvania .
The organization 's Web site is at www . aiim . org .
The original design of a multiplexor was based on a need to reduce the cost of data transmissions for terminal devices that needed to communicate with a host device over a telecommunication link .
The original Ethernet data rate was 10 Mbits / sec .
The original file system was not specifically designed for remote file sharing , but these features were added later with NFS ( Network File System ) , RFS ( Remote File System ) , and AFS ( Andrew File System ) .
The original GSM system operates in the 900 MHz range as pictured in Figure G - 4 .
The original intent was to define an international authority at the root of the tree that would manage the global structure .
The original LocalTalk system was primarily designed for the attachment of a few Macintosh computers to an Apple LaserWriter printer .
The original operating system was developed by Linux Torvalds as a college project .
The original plan was to connect dissimilar and geographically dispersed mainframe computers so that attached terminals could access resources on any of the connected computers .
The original purpose of compound documents was to provide a single place where users could create a document that contained all the elements related to that document .
The original purpose of compound documents was to provide a single place where users could store all the elements related to a document and , if necessary , send the document to someone else .
The original SCSI standard supports up to seven devices on a single host adapter , but new standards support high - speed operation with up to 16 devices and bus lengths of up to 25 meters .
The original system used terrestrial radio broadcasting , but the system has been implemented in satellite communication systems .
The original TACACS was quite simple , and Cisco extended it to create TACACS + , which is modular in design and supports plug - in authentication , authorization , and accounting schemes .
The original tapes are 6 x 4 x 5 / 8 inches in size .
The original TCP was developed to interconnect many different types of computers at research institutes , universities , and government agencies .
The original version , called HTTP / 0.9 , provided basic raw data transfers across the Internet .
The original versions were designed to run on DEC PDP - 11 16 - bit computers and VAX 32 - bit computers .
The original Web model was simple : create static HTML ( Hypertext Markup Language ) documents , store them on a single Web server , and then let Web users access them using HTTP ( Hypertext Transfer Protocol ) protocols .
The originating site can call any other site , unlike dedicated lines that connect two sites .
The OSI ( Open Systems Interconnection ) model is a standard defined by the International Organization for Standardization .
The OSI ( Open Systems Interconnection ) model is a standard defined by the International Organization for Standardization that defines a layered protocol architecture for data communication .
The OSI ( Open Systems Interconnection ) protocol stack is often used as a reference to define the different types of services that are required for systems to communicate .
The OSI FTAM ( File Transfer , Access , and Management ) utility and the X.400 electronic mail standard provide services at the application layer .
The OSI model defines a layered architecture as pictured in Figure O - 3 .
The OSI model guides software developers and hardware vendors in the design of network communications products .
The OSI model has remained a model rather than a fully accepted international standard .
The OSI model helps developers create interoperable products .
The OSI model is described under " OSI ( Open Systems Interconnection ) Model . " .
The OSI model specifies that applications must provide their own layer 7 protocols .
The OSI models divide protocols in seven layers , with the lowest layer defining the physical connection of equipment and electrical signaling .
The OSI protocol stack is the most commonly referenced layered architecture .
The other , called CAP ( carrierless amplitude and phase ) , is advocated by numerous vendors .
The other , called the private key , is held secretly .
The other advantage of switches is that they support hierarchical network designs like that pictured in Figure S - 15 .
The other approach is to work with a VAN ( value added network ) provider , which provides EDI transaction services , security , document interchange assistance , standard message formats , communication protocols , and communication parameters for EDI .
The other component that makes hypermedia work on the Web is HTTP ( Hypertext Transfer Protocol ) .
The other end of the connection must be digital , otherwise , the modem switches to full analog mode at 28. 8 or 33. 5 Kbits / sec .
The other group wanted to create a new access scheme called demand priority .
The other instructions must be implemented in external software .
The other job of the MAC layer is to arbitrate access to the medium that is shared by all the computers attached to the LAN .
The other key is used to encrypt and decrypt data in the reverse direction .
The other major technologies that are similar to ORBs in functionality are Microsoft 's DCOM ( Distributed Component Object Model ) and Microsoft Transaction Server .
The other member of the Novell NetWare protocol suite is SPX ( Sequenced Packet Exchange ) , which resides in the transport layer .
The other method is used for geographically distant networks and includes the following time servers :
The other part of CTI is the integration of telephony services into desktop computers , servers , PBX devices , and other computer - related equipment .
The other proposal became know as 100VG - AnyLAN , which is now governed by the IEEE 802.12 committee .
The other protocols are described in this book under appropriate headings .
The other station ( or stations ) is designated as the secondary station .
The other stations compare a workstation 's request for priority with their own priority levels .
The other stations compare the workstation 's request for priority with their own priority levels .
The other transmission modes are stream and compressed .
The others are APPN ( Advanced Peer - to - Peer Networking ) and DDM ( Distributed Data Management ) .
The others are used for distance .
The overhead contains the following components :
The overhead of sending acknowledgments for each frame adds too much traffic to the network .
The Pacific Bell NAP in San Francisco is pictured in Figure I - 9 .
The package also includes a utility that creates custom " newspapers " for the owner based on information searches .
The package comes on CDROM with licenses for 100,250,500 ,and 1,000 users 
The package uses public - key encryption techniques in which the user generates two keys  one for distributing to the public and the other to hold privately .
The packet - filtering router does a lot of work in this configuration .
The packet - switching architecture of X.25 has advantages and disadvantages .
The packet layer defines reliable virtual circuits through the packet - switched network .
The packet passes up through the protocol stack in the normal way , where it is handled by higher - level protocols .
The packets are interleaved with packets from other sources .
The packets are then switched at layer 2 .
The packets carry the source IP address of the proxy server , not the internal user 's IP address .
The page provides links to IETF groups that are working on firewalls , authentication technology , IPSec ( IP Security ) , one - time passwords , public - key infrastructure , transport layer security protocols , and Web transaction security .
The pages that are collected are then indexed , and the indexed material is added to the searchable content of the search site so that users may query it .
The paper describes the following UNO components and extensions :
The parameters are simple , so code can be portable among systems .
The partners have implemented eTRUST , an initiative that is meant to establish more consumer trust and confidence in electronic transactions .
The password aging feature requires users to enter new passwords periodically .
The password is used as the key for the encryption , so if both client and server encrypt the same information with the same key , they should come up with the same results .
The patch panel provides a place to terminate the horizontal wiring that fans out to work areas .
The PATH command also provides information about the type of flow and its bandwidth requirements .
The PATH command contains a flow ID that identifies the RSVP session that is being set up .
The PATH command travels through the potential route and each router along the way logs the information contained in the PATH command for future reference .
The path control layer controls routing and can subdivide datagrams and reassemble them to accommodate the transmission facilities .
The path creation process is done separately from the ATM connection manager , so the route server may not know the best path currently available on the network , .
The path is a series of individual data links first between the source and its local router , then router to router , then router to destination .
The path is converted to a virtual circuit on which data is transmitted .
The path overhead provides control signaling and error - monitoring data between the endpoints on the network .
The path through the switch forms a circuit called , for example , 110 .
The PBX can switch calls among internal callers or calls with the LEC .
The PBX is then connected to the telephone company 's central office via a dedicated line , such as a digital T1 line that supports 24 voice or data channels over a single four - wire circuit ( as opposed to using 24 separate circuits ) .
The PBX vendor may support analog voice phones , but more likely will require that their own digital phones be used with the system .
The PCS ( Personal Communications Services ) and the Iridium system being deployed by Motorola and a consortium of global users will change the way people communicate .
The peer - to - peer network services in OS / 2 Warp let users easily share resources such as files , printers , and modems with other OS / 2 Warp users or with other network servers such as OS / 2 LAN Server , Microsoft Windows for Workgroups , Microsoft Windows NT , Microsoft Windows 95 , Microsoft LAN Manager 2.x , and Artisoft LANtastic 6.0 .
The performance of symmetrical multiprocessing systems increases for all tasks as processors are added , up to about 10 processors .
The performance of symmetrical multiprocessing systems increases for all tasks as processors are added .
The permanence of the line removes the setup overhead and improves performance .
The permissions are listed as shown here :
The person encrypting the data holds the key privately and there is no problem with key distribution .
The PFX ( Personal Information Exchange ) is a Microsoft protocol that enables users to transfer sensitive information from one environment or platform to another .
The phone companies have developed high - speed switching networks that implement ATM ( Asynchronous Transfer Mode ) to solve this problem .
The phone company can also perform bonding within its own system for customers .
The phone company digitizes voice transmissions between its central offices and long distance sites .
The phone company then switches the call like any other voice call to create a point - to - point link .
The phone company uses out - of - band signaling for its trunk lines .
The phone system grew , and operators eventually took over the job of arbitrating phone calls .
The photonic sublayer is the lowest layer that specifies properties of the fiber and the light .
The physical , data link , and network layer protocols have been used to implement guaranteed data delivery .
The physical address is the hardwired address on the network interface card for the destination .
The physical address is the MAC address that is hardwired into network interface cards .
The physical layer , called the X.21 interface , defines the physical / electrical interface from the computer / terminal ( data terminal equipment , or DTE ) to the node of attachment in the X.25 packet - switching network .
The physical layer allows many different types of physical connections .
The physical layer defines the electrical or physical interface , line speeds , and other physical characteristics .
The physical layer defines the physical characteristics of the interface , such as mechanical components and connectors , electrical aspects such as voltage levels representing binary values , and functional aspects such as setting up , maintaining , and taking down the physical link .
The physical layer for PPP supports transmissions over asynchronous and synchronous lines using serial communication protocols such as EIA - 232 - E , EIA - 422 , EIA - 423 , as well as CCITT V.24 and V.35 .
The physical layer is concerned with moving bits across a wire , while the data link layer is concerned with the point - to - point connection between two devices .
The physical layer of ATM does not define any one specific medium .
The physical layer sets up a circuit - switched connection that provides 64 - Kbit / sec transmission .
The physical shape of the cable cannot be drastically altered , meaning that it should not be stretched , twisted , or bent beyond a radius that is 10 times the outside diameter of the cable .
The physical topology is a star in which workstations branch from concentrators or hubs , but the logical topology is a hub .
The picture becomes a matrix of dots , and each dot is represented in memory as a color or grayscale value that can be displayed on a screen or transmitted to another device .
The piping feature provides a way to direct the output of one command , such as a sort , into another command .
The place to check for this type of information is CommerceNet .
The plaintext is divided into 64 - bit blocks .
The platform is scalable and performance improves when memory is increased .
The platform that enables cooperative processing is a distributed , client / server system in which systems can communicate with one another .
The PointCast network itself is a very large , scalable system that is designed for growth .
The PointCast system includes a free desktop ChannelViewer that lets users select the " channels " of information they want delivered to their desktop .
The POP server screens users to make sure that only the intended recipient accesses mail in a mailbox .
The popularity of the Internet and the development of Web protocols changed all that .
The popularity of the RealAudio and RealVideo products ensures that a large number of people have the same software , contributing to a rise in the use of the technology .
The port configuration method is really a way to configure separate LANs within the same box .
The port on the right is the ISDN WAN connector for connecting to a remote office via ISDN .
The Post Office Protocol solves the time - out problem by temporarily storing messages so an SMTP transfer can be completed before the time - out occurs .
The power conditioner provides dedicated transformer isolation , a clean source of power , and a solid reference ground .
The PPP ( Point - to - Point Protocol ) that many people use to connect to the Internet via a dial - up modem is an example of a data link protocol over a nonshared link .
The presentation layer is layer 6 in the protocol stack , just below the top - level application layer and above the session layer .
The presentation layer performs data conversions and application interfacing .
The presentation layer prepares incoming data for the application layer , where the user views the data .
The presentation layer provides translation of datp , defines data formatting , and provides syntax .
The previous version was inconsistently implemented , causing interoperability problems .
The price of DLT reflects this positioning .
The primary access methods are carrier sensing and token passing .
The primary advantage of switching is that it eliminates the contention , collisions , and delays that are a problem with shared networks .
The primary concern of 100Base - T developers was to preserve the CSMA / CD medium access method of 802.3 Ethernet while boosting the data rate .
The primary connection between most homes and businesses and the telephone company is the local loop ,which is a pair of copper wires that transmit voice signals in the range of 300 Hz to 3,100 Hz 
The primary containers are ActiveX and JavaBeans .
The primary containers are ActiveX and JavaBeans .
The primary difference between HPR and ISR is that HPR provides a connectionless service that can route around link failures , just like IP .
The primary difference is that Active Platform uses a languageindependent component model while ONE is built around Netscape 's proprietary JavaScript language .
The primary discussion of these standards are defined under " TIA / EIA Structured Cabling Standards " .
The primary EIA standards for telecommunication define the serial interface between modems and computers .
The primary function of the front - end processor , or communication controllers as they are commonly called , is to free up the host computer to run applications .
The primary job of the mainframe today is to run mission - critical applications and transaction - processing databases .
The primary object for organizing the tree is the OU ( organizational unit ) object .
The primary objective is to reduce network managers ' workloads by providing them with vital workstation information and assisting them with configuration and updating tasks .
The primary protocol discussed here is the IETF L2TP ( Layer 2 Tunneling Protocol ) , which is derived from Cisco 's L2F ( Layer 2 Forwarding ) protocol .
The primary purpose of the data link layer is to manage the flow of bits between systems that are connected to a transmission medium .
The primary reason for a campus backbone is that it is impractical to use the collapsed backbone approach over an entire campus area .
The primary standards groups and organizations related to networking and the Internet are listed in the following table .
The primary standards organizations are the ITU ( International Telecommunication Union ) , ISO ( International Organization for Standardization ) , and the IEC ( International Electrotechnical Commission ) .
The primary station is responsible for establishing and maintaining links .
The primary station issues commands and the secondary stations issue responses .
The primary station transmits a special frame to either a single station or to multiple stations to initiate a setup procedure .
The primary types of coaxial cable used for networking are listed here :
The primary UNIX platforms are SunOS and Linux , but many other UNIX versions are supported .
The principles of the matrix switch are implemented in network switching equipment , but the circuitry is more complex than the matrix switch described here .
The priority setting is basically a request to other stations for future use of the token .
The private key is never given out while the public key is made freely available .
The private key is never made publicly available .
The private network approach is pictured on the right in Figure B2 .
The privileges of a folder change when the folder is moved into another folder .
The problem is solved by introducing a way to emulate a LAN across ATM .
The problem is that no matter how fast a switch is , congestion will occur if a device on an output port backs up and cannot receive all the frames or cells being sent to it .
The problem is the massive size of the data , even when compressed , and trying to transmit data across limited - bandwidth networks .
The problem with adding more stations to a broadcast domain is that it increases the number of users that need to transmit on the LAN .
The problem with HTTP is that it sets up only temporary connections for the purposes of downloading Web pages and objects on Web pages .
The problem with LANE is the requirement that traffic go through an external router when the underlying ATM network is fully capable of creating a direct connect between two devices connected to different VLANs .
The problem with priority schemes ( also called class of service , or CoS ) is that they can prevent lower - priority traffic from getting through .
The problem with RIP is that it broadcasts routing information whether updates are needed or not , thus adding excess traffic to the network .
The problem with this scheme is that sender and receiver must safely exchange the key .
The procedure starts with a link setup phase and after data has been transmitted , ends with a link termination phase .
The procedure works like this .
The process involves sampling , quantizing , and digitizing .
The process is an extension of the e - mail process , but much more efficient at delivering information to large groups of people .
The process is easiest to implement in an environment that uses common communication protocols and compatible processing platforms and peripheral devices .
The process is relatively slow because routers must process each packet in turn .
The process is used to provide more bandwidth , avoid leasing a high - speed line that may go unused part of the time , or take advantage of several available low - speed lines .
The process of acquiring an IP address is described here :
The process of building a data warehouse should start with carefully planned strategy and a prototype .
The process of digitizing voice is discussed under " ADC ( Analog - to - Digital Conversion ) . " .
The process of making files accessible files in a directory is called file mounting .
The process of moving little - used or targeted files from primary magnetic disk storage to secondary optical disk or magnetic tape storage is called migration .
The process of setting standards on the Internet is handled by organizations based on input from users .
The process of setting up a resource reservation starts at the data source with a PATH command that travels through routers along a path to one or more destinations , as shown in Figure R - 13 .
The process of signing up to a newsgroup is to first connect with a newsgroup server .
The process repeats again using the new left half and new right half for 15 more iterations .
The processors and memory space in multiple computers are put to work on a task , each getting a part of the task to process .
The producer / consumer can both transmit and receive messages while consumers only receive messages .
The producer than sends messages to the multicast group that contain the sequence number and the datagram sequence number , which is incremented for each datagram in a transmission .
The product also does text - to - speech conversions , so e - mail messages can be listened to over the phone .
The product also supports Java and JDBC ( Java Database Connectivity ) .
The product can also help administrators move bandwidth from busy circuits to circuits that can handle the bandwidth .
The product has a number of other features or options , including support for a wide range of peripherals ( CDROM drives , fax gateways , and network printers ) , network management and analysis applications for monitoring the network , software distribution and metering , mini / mainframe connectivity applications , terminal emulation packages , and security / backup / restore applications .
The product is " open " because the Diffie - Hellman public key - management patents , which were managed by Cylink , are now publicly available due to the expiration of the 20 - year patent in September of 1997 .
The product is based on ITU standards , so it is compatible with other products based on the same standards .
The product is entirely software - based , so no external routers are required to make the connections .
The product is free to download from the Great Circle Web site listed below .
The product is supported by and available at the World Wide Web Consortium Web site listed at the end of this section .
The product lineup as of this writing is described here :
The product requires little setup and consists of an Intel - based NC Server appliance with software for managing network computers .
The product was also marketed by IBM as IBM LAN Server .
The product will support HMMP interfaces and JMAPI products as they become available .
The products are described here .
The products operate at low power , which results in less electromagnetic radiation than other wireless technologies .
The program can then operate directly with the database because the SQL statements are embedded in it .
The program may be sending your private files to a coworker 's computer ! .
The program then works on the data in the database .
The programming interface has a set of common functions that programmers use to build applications .
The programs can look at system configurations and update the configurations if necessary .
The properties dialog box in Figure N - 6 was opened by double - clicking on the RBonati user account object in the directory tree .
The properties for a user are pictured in Figure N - 6 .
The protocol allows users to run TCP / IP software such as Web browsers as if they were directly connected to the Internet .
The protocol also regulates the flow of packets to accommodate slow receivers and ensures that the transmission is not completely halted if a disruption in the link occurs .
The protocol authenticates the client , then exchanges a master key which is used to encrypt subsequent data exchanges .
The protocol can synchronize the time of a computer client or server to another server or reference time source .
The protocol defines how to manage a call setup , provide authentication , and determine which incoming calls are added to which existing inverse multiplexing session .
The protocol fragments packets to ensure equal distribution across the links so that the lines are used efficiently and to ensure that packets arrive across multiple channels at approximately the same time for efficient reordering .
The protocol is bit oriented , meaning that the data is monitored bit by bit .
The protocol is defined in IETF RFC 1661 through 1663 .
The protocol is designed to reduce the cost of doing purchase transactions on the Web and to stimulate Internet commerce .
The protocol is optimized to take advantage of slow links over public telephone systems , so extraneous bits are removed from the transmissions and clocks are used to separate characters .
The protocol is the result of a need to integrate SNA and non - SNA networks , rather than deploy two separate networks or use a variety of proprietary schemes to tunnel SNA data over non - SNA networks .
The protocol layers of DECnet ( which later influenced the OSI protocol stack ) worked well in implementing the signaling and access scheme for nodes attached to Ethernet .
The protocol layers of DECnet , which later influenced the OSI protocol stack , worked well in implementing the signaling and access scheme for nodes attached to Ethernet .
The protocol must be compatible with the IETF ( Internet Engineering Task Force ) Integrated Services Model , including RSVP ( Resource Reservation Protocol ) .
The protocol provides virtual dial - up because the user doesn't really dial in to the corporate network , but when the connection is complete , it appears that way .
The protocol stack defines how communication hardware and software interoperate at various levels .
The protocol stack has the following layers :
The protocol supports many different types of connections , including ISDN , frame relay , and analog lines and it operates in software , making it more efficient for onthefly allocation of lines .
The protocol then provides virtual routing services between the subnetworks .
The protocol used is LAPB ( Link Access Procedure Balanced ) , which is designed for point - to - point connections .
The protocol was standardized in 1976 and revised a number of times , the CCITT revised the standard in 1992 and boosted the speed to 2 Mbits / sec .
The protocol works from router to router to set up a reservation that stretches from one end system to another . RSVP is a control and signaling protocol .
The protocols allowed users with browsers to access information on Web servers .
The protocols and standards are defined by organizations and committees after working their way through review and standardization processes .
The protocols define how communication takes place , such as the flow of data between systems , error detection and correction , the formatting of data , the packaging of data , and other features .
The protocols define message types that are exchanged between the customer equipment and the local exchange for setting up and maintaining services .
The protocols defined in each layer are responsible for the following :
The protocols operate on TCP / IP networks in conjunction with the HTTP ( Hypertext Transfer Protocol ) .
The protocols provide highly reliable data transmissions using error correction and data compression techniques .
The proxy server can be viewed as a gateway between two networks , usually a private internal network and the Internet .
The proxy server can filter all incoming packets and discard any that are not related to an internal request .
The proxy server can thus evaluate and filter all incoming packets or block outgoing packets .
The proxy server is situated at the Internet gateway , and it handles all Internet requests for users .
The proxy server may also set up a secure encrypted session with the Web server to ensure that eavesdroppers cannot look at the packets and glean useful information .
The PSTN is a circuit - switched system , meaning that an end - to - end private circuit is established between caller and callee .
The Public - Key Infrastructure ( X.509 ) Working Group and the Web Transaction Security Working Group are also working on secure transaction protocols .
The public - key scheme is revolutionizing computer security by providing ways to enable electronic commerce , authenticate users , validate and timestamp documents and programs , exchange secure electronic messages , and more .
The public - key scheme solves the problem of passing keys to other parties who need to decrypt your messages .
The public - switched telephone network ( PSTN ) consists of transmission components , switching components , and facilities for maintenance equipment , billing systems , and other internal components .
The public key is the pair ( n , e ) , the private key is ( n , d ) .
The publisher then encrypts its certificates into the code with its private key to create a unique digital signature .
The purchasing agent can know that the document is authentic because of the attached certificate .
The purpose of a PKI is to provide a secure infrastructure for managing public keys that allows anyone to exchange private documents with anyone else without knowing those people in advance .
The purpose of a TGT is to eliminate the need for users to type a password every time they want to access a new server .
The purpose of a transaction system is to protect data from damage that can occur if an in - process transaction fails due to hardware problems , communication problems , or user termination .
The purpose of bonding ( and bandwidth on demand ) is to obtain more capacity without obtaining an expensive dedicated line that might go underused most of the time .
The purpose of digital signatures is to provide assurances that messages are not forged , have not been altered , and were sent at the time defined in the message .
The purpose of label swapping is to improve performance of network layer routing in the switched network environment .
The purpose of metadirectories , and the reason why many organizations are implementing them .
The purpose of PKI is to build a trust network that can provide just such a hierarchy of trust .
The purpose of slow start is to avoid network congestion that can cause dropped packets .
The purpose of switching is to boost LAN performance by reducing the number of workstations on each LAN segment .
The purpose of the data link protocol is to provide the following :
The purpose of the initiative is to build a log system that consumers will associate with trust and to make the eTRUST brand known worldwide .
The purpose of the IRTF is to create research groups that focus on Internet protocols , applications , architecture , and technology .
The purpose of the OSI model is to coordinate communication standards between vendors .
The purpose of the sliding - window flow control is to efficiently use the network bandwidth that is wasted in the stop - and - wait technique when the sender waits for an acknowledgment .
The purpose of workflow software is to automate document procedures in an organization by replacing paper systems with electronic documents .
The push server then knows what you need , thus reducing Web browsing and request packets .
The QIC tape was the standard backup solution up until a few years ago .
The qosr Web site is located at http : / / www . ietf . org / html . charters / qosr - charter . html .
The quality of a connection using Internet telephony depends largely on two elements : latency and distortion .
The radio spectrum allocated to the cellular system is divided into a range of channels , depending on the service in use .
The radio then amplifies the signal carried on the selected frequency .
The radio then extracts the signal that has been added by the radio station to the frequency you tuned in to .
The RADIUS server authenticates users and allows them to access resources .
The RAM Mobile Data Web site given below under " Information on the Internet " describes how RAM 's network competes with CDPD ( Cellular Digital Packet Data ) and the ARDIS ( Advanced National Radio Data Service ) network .
The range has become popular because the lower frequencies are overcrowded .
The range of frequencies is specified in hertz ( cycles per second ) .
The rates are shown in bits / sec ( bits per second ) , Kbits / sec ( thousands of bits per second ) , Mbits / sec ( millions of bits per second ) , and even Gbits / sec ( billions of bits per second ) .
The rating can be used to compare different vendors processors if you assume they will run similar applications .
The RBOCs ( regional Bell operating companies ) operate within specific geographical areas , which are divided into service areas called LATAs ( local access and transport areas ) .
The RBOCs and ITOs are known as LECs .
The RBOCs and the independent LECs were limited to providing local phone service , producing yellow pages , and selling equipment , but restricted from providing long - distance service , information services , and cable TV services .
The RBOCs are also called LECs ( local exchange carriers ) and the long - distance companies are called IXCs ( interexchange carriers ) .
The RBOCs provide their services within specific geographic areas called LATAs ( local access and transport areas ) .
The RBOC 's tariffing system is still in place .
The RBOCs were allowed to get into the long - distance business and the long - distance companies were allowed to build facilities in the geographic areas formerly controlled by the regional carriers .
The RBOCs were formed as a result of the breakup of AT &amp; T and are based on a restructuring agreement that took effect in 1984 .
The RBOCs were organized into seven regional Bell holding companies called Ameritech , Bell Atlantic , Bell South , Nynex , Pacific Telesis , Southwestern Bell , and US West .
The RDBMS is currently the most popular type of database .
The real power of a multitasking system is realized when the underlying computer has multiple processors .
The reason for developing a PKI is essentially to build an infrastructure of trust .
The reason for implementing a virtual network will become apparent , but keep in mind that once all the routers on the Internet support IP multicasting , the virtual network tunneling method described in a moment will no longer be necessary .
The reason for layering the protocol stacks is simple .
The reason for legislation is to provide auditing and ensure levels of security .
The reason for these different protocols and the division of domains is that on a network as large as the Internet , it is not practical for all routers to keep track of every other system in the network .
The reason for this design is to retain the requirement that packets addressed to hosts in other subnets be sent to a default router .
The reason for this is that fragments may travel different paths through a routed network .
The reason for this variation is that bandwidth is allocated to whatever station has the highest priority for it .
The reason for using hash functions is to create a unique value that serves as a digital " fingerprint " of the original .
The reason for using VPNs on the Internet is because of the Internet 's inherent lack of physical security .
The reason is that signals put on bus A by station B can only travel in one direction toward station N .
The receiver can acknowledge receipt of datagrams to provide assurance of delivery to the sender .
The receiver can use the sequence number to reorder packets that have arrived out of order .
The receiver performs the same calculation to see if it comes up with the same CRC value .
The receiver then collects the signals based on information that has been prearranged with the sender .
The receiver then demodulates the signal to extract the information .
The receiver then uses the sender 's public key to open the message .
The receiving computer divides the frame by the predetermined number .
The receiving object then responds to the request and returns a response to the ORB , which formats and forwards the response to the requester .
The receiving system knows to wait for the next key press , even though that may take a relatively large amount of time .
The receiving system responds with other LCP packets that acknowledge receipt and verify or reject configuration options .
The recent merger of Apple and NeXT will produce an interface that has the best features of the Mac OS and the NeXT interface technology , as well as new APIs from which to develop new classes of software products .
The recipient can then decrypt the message with his or her private key ( which should never be made publicly available ) .
The recipient can verify the signature using the sender 's public key .
The recipient is expected to accept the datagrams and handle them as appropriate .
The recipient then decrypts the message with his or her private key .
The recipient then uses his or her private key to decrypt the message .
The recommended maximum length of an RS232 cable is 50 feet with a maximum signaling rate of 20 Kbits / sec ( see " Serial Communication and Interfaces " for more details ) .
The recording medium in the disks is a magnetic material .
The Red Book is part of the Rainbow Series of documents published by the NCSC ( National Computer Security Center ) that describe the requirements in the TCSEC ( Trusted Computer System Evaluation Criteria ) .
The reference architecture specifies a hybrid fiber / coax plant with an 80 kilometer radius from the head end .
The reference to path \ file can be any valid pathname .
The regional networks are connected to the U . S . backbone network , which has even bigger data pipes .
The related entries given below provide information about building private networks .
The relational database program is used in an environment where procedures are designed into programs and data goes into the database .
The relationship is usually between a vendor and customer .
The relatively new WinSock 2.0 API allows applications to request different level of service , but at this writing , developers are just beginning to use it .
The remainder of this section covers cable testing equipment .
The remainder of this section covers the consumer - oriented Basic Rate ISDN and Primary Rate ISDN .
The remainder of this section looks at layers of the protocol stack from the bottom physical layer to the upper application layer , with an emphasis on TCP / IP and other Internet protocols .
The remainder of this topic outlines the current structure of the Internet based on the NSF design and contracts issued in 1994 .
The remainder of this topic primarily discusses copper cabling .
The remaining 10 meters should be sufficient for the faceplate - to - station cable .
The remaining 28 bits identify multicast groups .
The remaining channels are available for voice and data transmissions .
The remote client dials in to a NAS ( network access server ) located at an ISP .
The remote client dials the ISP 's NAS and the NAS collects logon information from the client .
The remote control method can provide better performance for the user , but a dedicated computer must be set up on the corporate LAN that the remote user controls .
The remote node connection allows users to connect to the network using native protocols , such as TCP / IP or IPX , and access the corporate network much like directly connected users .
The repeater repeats , or copies , frames to each of the ports in the hub .
The replicated database must be kept synchronized with the home office .
The request is placed in a packet with the address of the server .
The request may be for a file or to process a sophisticated transaction that takes place over multiple servers .
The requester software serves as a traffic director , diverting commands for local services to the local operating system and diverting commands for network services to the network protocols running in the workstation .
The resources the user can access , such as printers , fax machines , communication services , and an administrator 's or subadministrator 's right to manage resources .
The response appears on the token device 's display and the user types this in to log on .
The response is saved in a cache by Host A1 for future use .
The rest of this section discusses packet switching in general , but cell switching has many of the same features .
The result is an even stronger level of security .
The result is that all stations on a shared network wait to transmit while another station completes its transmission .
The result is that only routers that need multicast packets for end systems actually receive those packets .
The resulting compressed file is transmitted , and the recipient unpacks the file on receipt .
The resulting frame is exactly divisible by a predetermined number .
The resulting hash should be the same as the one you sent .
The resulting LANs are technically not VLANs because they are configured as distinct wiring configurations .
The resulting PKI should provide a framework to support a range of trust environments and usage environments .
The results are generally the same .
The results of an OLTP are immediately available in the database , assuming that transactions complete .
The results of step 3 are converted again using some specific techniques ( too complex to discuss here ) , then the results are combined with the left half of the 64 - bit block .
The results of the above steps become the new right half .
The results of this encryption can be safely transmitted .
The results of this operation are returned to the server .
The retail version of Windows NT Server supports up to four processors , but it has the capability of supporting up to 32 processors when modified by system vendors .
The rewritable optical disk provides a changeable data storage solution for library data , backups , and data archiving .
The RFCs for SNMP and MIBs are available at the following Web addresses :
The richer the instruction set , the easier it is to write programs for the microprocessor .
The right half from the previous iteration is brought down to become the new left half .
The right to transmit on a token ring network is based on having possession of a token .
The ring formation is maintained when MAUs are connected in this way .
The ring is actually maintained in the hub .
The risk of message forgery is perhaps a more important reason to use a digital signature .
The RMs must signal that they wrote the changes successfully .
The role of active monitor is assigned to one of the workstations on the network , usually the first workstation recognized when the LAN comes up .
The root directory and subdirectories hold other files and other subdirectories .
The root object , which is the base of the directory tree and which usually has the same name as the organization .
The rotating read / write head ( or drum ) is tilted at a slight angle to the tape , which traces a repeating helix pattern on the tape and optimizes tape surface tracking .
The route may be stored for later reference or used only once .
The route server approach has some problems , however .
The route server calculates routes through the ATM network , and then provides route information to edge devices .
The route server performs route calculation services and defines optimal routes through the network .
The route server performs routing calculations and responds with an appropriate virtual circuit .
The router connects two networks and performs packet filtering to control traffic between the networks .
The router determines that the destination can be reached through router B / C , so it puts the datagram in a frame type to match subnet B and attaches the MAC address of router B / C .
The router determines that the host is attached to subnet C , so it does a table lookup to resolve the IP address into a MAC address .
The router has a port for an Ethernet network .
The router interconnects the VLANs .
The router knows destination 's address , so it returns a message to sender containing its own MAC address .
The router leading into such networks must fragment such packets and insert information in the fragmented packets that helps the receiver to reassemble them .
The router maintains current location information for the mobile node .
The router must know what the ATM address of the destination router is .
The router puts an ICMP message in an IP datagram and sends it back to the source of the datagram that could not be delivered .
The router simply combines the requests instead of setting up separate resource reservations .
The router then forwards packets in the highest - level queue first .
The router then forwards the packet over this hop .
The router then modifies bits in those headers as appropriate .
The router then puts the datagram in a frame , attaches the MAC address of destination C1 , and transmits the frame on the network .
The routers are connected via modem , ISDN , T1 , or another method .
The routers encrypt the data contents of packets but keep the network addresses readable so they can be routed across the Internet .
The routers then build routing tables that are referenced when forwarding packets .
The routers then determine which paths through the interconnected network are the best paths for sending a packet from a source to a destination .
The routers then take all traffic that is destined for the other SNA system , encapsulate it , and send it across the internetwork .
The Routing Arbiter was a creation of Merit Network , the University of California Information Sciences Institute , and the NSF ( National Science Foundation ) .
The routing environment consists of the following hierarchy as pictured in Figure A7 :
The RS / 6000 platforms offer power , scalability , and the ability to support a variety of operating systems .
The RSA paper Frequently Asked Questions About Today 's Cryptography describes RSA public - key cryptography as follows : " Take two large primes , p and q , and find their product n = pq ; n is called the modulus .
The rsvp Web site is at http : / / www . ietf . org / html . charters / rsvp - charter . html .
The rules and restrictions for building Ethernet networks must be adhered to in order to prevent signal timing problems , loops , and potential network lockouts .
The S / 390 supports the traditional S / 390 architecture .
The S / WAN Initiative was started in 1995 to provide an industry forum for interoperability and standardized implementation of IPSec for use in the commercial market .
The SAA standard defined common applications , which are applications that can run on any SAA platform .
The same procedures can take place on in - house networks as well .
The same router may not receive all the fragments .
The same threat extends into the competitive corporate world and the financial world .
The same year , it announced a way to remotely access DMI information .
The satellite project tightly focused beams over the ground to create a cellular - like system .
The satellites are typically used for video transmissions .
The satellites follow a north to south polar orbit at an altitude of 750 km ( 450 miles ) and together form a web around the earth to provide complete and continuous coverage .
The satellites function like extremely tall cellular towers .
The scalability of clustering solutions allows more servers to be added as the load increases .
The scheme is simple , elegant , and secure .
The scope of this device is pictured in Figure A1 .
The SDH ( Synchronous Digital Hierarchy ) optical cable standards are replacing these standards , and the SONET ( Synchronous Optical Network ) standards are replacing the NADH standards .
The SDN service can provide bandwidth on demand at rates of 64 Kbits / sec , 384 Kbits / sec , and 1.5 Kbits / sec .
The second column lists the individual permissions that make up the standard permissions , and the third column indicates the permissions that new files obtain when they are added to the folder .
The second definition relates to performing complex processing tasks over multiple systems .
The second generation of VoIP gateway products will appear in 1998 .
The second is file system auditing , which tracks file system events .
The second is restricting access to information that is shared over the network .
The second is the user interface on which actual data is transferred between end systems .
The second RMON standard is RFC 1513 , which defines token ring extensions .
The secondary stations respond with information that is used for error and flow control during the session .
The section " TIA / EIA Structured Cabling Standards " describes such a system .
The section overhead handles frame generation and error monitoring .
The section sublayer handles a single point - to - point link , such as between the original source and a repeater .
The sections " IP ( Internet Protocol ) " and " TCP ( Transmission Control Protocol ) " also provide some insight into the functions of the two most important layers as related to the Internet protocol suite .
The security features in CIFS include support both for anonymous transfers and for secure , authenticated access to named files .
The segment is what gets encapsulated into an IP datagram and transmitted across the network .
The segments form a single , large cable system called the trunk .
The selected mode can assist in recovery and throughput .
The send window is set to 3 by mutual agreement or as a preset parameter .
The sender can make the entire message confidential by encrypting it with the recipient 's public key , and then only the recipient can read the message by opening it with his or her private key .
The sender is responsible for removing the frame from the network .
The sender must find an optimal transmission rate that accommodates all the participants .
The sender simply starts sending packets ( called datagrams ) to the destination .
The sender starts out by saying , " I will send you x number of frames before you need to send me an acknowledgment . " .
The serial interfaces described above have some distinct advantages , one of which is the ability to build LAN - like configurations where multiple desktop and server systems have access to multiple devices .
The series was extremely popular during the 1960s .
The server - to - server and user - to - server connections are described here :
The server compares its results with the results returned from the client .
The server components of Merchant Services handle order processing , financial transactions , and the creation of Web pages from information pulled from product databases .
The server has not retained any information about the client that might be used to maintain a connection or to assist in the next request .
The server performs the same operation as described in step 3 .
The server receives the acknowledgment and the process continues with step 3 above .
The server responds to the client and the tail end of the URL ( public / info . html ) is processed .
The server responds to the client and the tail end of the URL is processed .
The server responds with a challenge ( nonce ) to the client .
The server returns an acknowledgment that it is ready to receive .
The server runs on a back - end system and handles requests from multiple clients .
The server says " I support MasterCard and Visa . " .
The server sends three frames and waits for an acknowledgment .
The server that receives the request looks in a table and matches the MAC address with an IP address , and then returns the IP address to the diskless workstation .
The server that receives the request looks in a table and matches the MAC address with an IP address , then returns the IP address to the diskless workstation .
The server then add the user to the list and returns a set of instructions for using the list .
The server then performs a similar operation , and if it comes up with the same results , it knows the user must be authentic .
The server then performs an orderly shutdown of applications , services , and the file system before battery power is depleted .
The server then responds .
The server then responds by sending the page to the client using HTTP protocols .
The server then responds with a continuous stream of packets without the need for an acknowledgment , thus improving throughput .
The server then sends the client a list of new articles and the client can request transmission of some or all of those articles .
The server ticket is encrypted again by the TGS with a key derived from the user 's password and returned to the client .
The server uses a callback promise technique to inform clients when another client has changed a file .
The server will then proceed with shutdown procedures .
The servers are outfitted with ATM network adapters and are directly attached to the ATM network to gain performance .
The service accepts data from the higher layer , adds its own protocol information , and passes it down to the next layer .
The service allows users to send commands to the server for uploading and downloading files .
The service can be used on the same wire as the voice telephone network and ISDN .
The service classes categorize applications based on how bits are transmitted , the required bandwidth , and the types of connections required .
The service goes beyond simple name lookup .
The service is a good choice for businesses that have many geographically dispersed offices .
The service is available in most of the United States and for international calling .
The service is dedicated , not dial - up , so the typical configuration is to run a line from the customer 's site to an ISP .
The service provider can make this permanent or dial - up .
The service provider handles any problems with the network itself and can guarantee data delivery through a vast mesh of switched lines .
The service provider handles any problems with the network itself and can guarantee data delivery through a vast mesh of switched lines .
The service provider maintains all the facilities .
The service provider sets up permanent virtual connections through the network as required or requested by the customer .
The service provides any - to - any connections for simultaneous users .
The service provides fault - tolerant clock synchronization for systems in both local and wide area networks .
The service will eventually grow from MAN ( metropolitan area network ) use to wide area network use and take advantage of SONET ( Synchronous Optical Network ) networks .
The services are available as known names , and an application accesses the services by referencing the name .
The services are available in most major U . S . cities and help ease traffic problems on the Internet by keeping local traffic local .
The services are designed to service internal users only .
The services are either symmetrical ( traffic flows at the same speed in both directions ) , or asymmetrical ( the downstream capacity is higher than the upstream capacity ) .
The services can be integrated with Netscape 's SuiteSpot to provide structured information and group information for the entire suite of applications .
The services can be used to collect real charges from users ( such as students in an educational environment ) or to simply collect usage information .
The services described here are offered by local exchange carriers , interexchange carriers , and VACs ( value added carriers ) .
The services may also give prioritization to certain types of applications or rely on flow detection , a method that detects traffic flows and switches the traffic at high speed .
The services provided by DCE are designed to mask the complexity of multi vendor network environments and let information flow easily to where it is needed .
The services provided by each protocol layer are described here :
The services provided by RTP include payload - type identification , sequence numbering , timestamping , and delivery monitoring .
The services provided by transport protocols are outlined here .
The services put data to be delivered into packets ( X.25 and the Internet ) , cells ( ATM ) , or frames ( frame relay ) that are delivered across a network composed of many point - to - point links .
The services take advantage of existing local loop cables , but give consumers access to the ISDN digital network created by the carriers .
The session achieves reliability because the transport layer processes in each system exchange messages about the status of the session .
The session layer coordinates the exchange of information between systems by using conversational techniques , or dialogs .
The session layer is not used much in modern network communications because it was primarily designed to specify how sessions are set up between remote time - sharing systems .
The session layer provides protocols that applications use to establish sessions with one another across a network or other communication system .
The sessions are designed to be shortlived because some systems cannot perform other tasks until they complete the transactions .
The SET ( Secure Electronic Transaction ) protocol was developed by Microsoft , IBM , Netscape , GTE , Visa , and MasterCard so merchants could automatically and safely collect and process payments from Internet clients .
The SET ( Secure Electronic Transaction ) scheme developed by major credit card companies is designed to hide credit card numbers from merchants by substituting the card number with a digital certificate .
The SET protocol was developed by Microsoft , IBM , Netscape , GTE , Visa , and MasterCard for this purpose .
The setup program asks which type of NIC is installed in the system and installs the appropriate driver .
The seven major network management platforms are listed in the following table , along with the Web site addresses of the manufacturers .
The shielding on coaxial cable makes it less susceptible to interference from outside sources .
The shift in the waves can represent some binary value to the receiver .
The short T1 line will be inexpensive , and the packet - switched network can deliver traffic on a pay - for - use basis to other sites .
The signal can penetrate walls and is spread over a wide area , so focusing is not required .
The signals are sent across a single cable .
The significance of frames , datagrams , and segments is discussed further under the related topics listed below .
The significance of multi user capabilities is discussed under " WinFrame . " .
The significance of this can be seen in Figure V - 3 .
The significance of this is that existing shrink - wrapped or custom applications can be seamlessly accessed from within an X11R6.3 - enabled Web browser , no changes are required to application programs .
The simple command structure makes it easy to build mail servers and clients for any platform .
The simplest applet or components might provide a spinning logo or rolling text banner .
The simplest backbones are FDDI ( Fiber Distributed Data Interface ) and Fast Ethernet networks running at 100 Mbits / sec .
The simplest definition of a certificate is that it is a " container " that holds your public key and possibly some information about you .
The simplest flow control is called stop and wait .
The simplest form of spoofing is to simply obtain the username and secret password of the target user 's logon account .
The simplicity of this scheme in the TCP / IP environment is that destination addresses have two parts : a network address and a host address .
The single cabling system can be installed and managed by the same group .
The site might also have chat rooms and mailing lists .
The size of the burst mode packets is negotiated between the workstation and server .
The size of the channel required to transmit digitized voice is 64 Kbits / sec .
The size of the key ensures that encrypted information will be secure for a long time .
The sliding - window technique basically lets the sender transmit multiple frames at a time to utilize the transmission channel as much as possible .
The slow data rate is due to the nature of the lines that must be used to create WANs and the fact that costs can get exorbitant as data rates increase .
The smart card generates one - time passwords that are good for only one logon session .
The SMDS Web address is given at the end of this topic .
The SMTP protocol is the protocol that defines the format of messages and how they are processed and delivered .
The SMTP then hands the messages to the POP server , which puts them into a mailbox .
The SNA network consists of logical units , or LUs ( ports for accessing network resources ) , and physical units , or PUs , which handle network management functions and control telecommunication links .
The SNA protocol stack is compared to the OSI protocol stack in Figure S - 6 .
The SNMP ( Simple Network Management Protocol ) provides a way to collect information from remote systems and report it back to an administrative workstation .
The SNMP protocol defines how managers and agents communicate with one another by using request and response messaging .
The so - called " NII Band " radio service is available to any supplier of LAN equipment , without licensing or air time charges .
The so - called enterprise computing strategy began to take root as more and more organizations adopted TCP / IP .
The so - called three - tier architecture for distributed applications puts reusable component software in the middle , between clients and back - end server systems .
The society sponsors publications , conferences , educational programs , local activities , and technical committees .
The socket API is an interface that lets application programmers design applications that interface with underlying TCP / IP protocols .
The socket is created at a particular port number , depending on the application .
The socket number is appended to the IP address of the computer running the process .
The SOCKS server relays this request to the target Web server .
The software also allows direct access to DB2 / 400 databases .
The software can run a routing protocol capable of sending user requests to a server that is closest to them .
The software components are .
The software has a filing system , queue , and workflow manager that keep the system running .
The software has enhanced management , monitoring , and security features .
The software is designed for use in instructions , business communications , or personal use .
The software is designed to run on a server , not on desktop Macintosh systems .
The software is installed on the server and communicates with the UPS over a cable .
The software puts the datagram in a frame and inserts the MAC address of router A / B .
The software runs as a NLM ( NetWare Loadable Module ) and takes advantage of NDS ( Novell Directory Services ) .
The software shows bandwidth utilization in relation to the CIR , provides modeling for optional CIR and burst relationships , and helps managers identify needed service - level upgrades or downgrades .
The software stays on the users computer and is automatically updated whenever necessary .
The software uses intelligent components from which customers can create transaction processes and define custom rules for controlling those processes .
The software will also map Ethernet prioritization to ATM QoS features so customers can connect with carrier ATM networks .
The software will warn users when messages may be corrupted or altered as described in the following sections .
The Solaris operating environment is based on industry standard UNIX System V Release 4 .
The solution is to avoid sending passwords in any form across insecure channels .
The SONET digital hierarchy is outlined in the following table , with each level having a specific OC ( optical carrier ) level number .
The source always waits for the acknowledgment frame before transmitting another frame .
The source application relies on the lower two layers to move messages , files , and other information to the application running in the other computer .
The source code is available for evaluation at $ 5,000 and full - distribution source code is available for $ 40,000 .
The source generates a pseudorandom bit stream to modulate the original data and the destination generates the same bit stream to demodulate what it receives .
The source node then picks the best path based on factors such as the number of bridgetobridge hops .
The source sends a request to NHS - 1 .
The spanning tree algorithm is used in bridged internetwork environments to detect and break circular traffic patterns by disabling certain links .
The specification has been called IVD ( Integrated Voice and Data ) , but is now commonly referred to as isochronous Ethernet or iso - Ethernet .
The specification is also called Windows Network Transit Protocol .
The specification is called WinSock 2 GQoS ( Generic QoS ) Mapping .
The specification was released in June 1992 and is available free to developers .
The specifications were established to match the electrical components available at the time of design .
The specifics of the routine are described here and pictured in Figure C - 4 .
The spectrum is allocated by governments and international organizations .
The spectrum is commonly called the U - NII ( Unlicensed National Information Infrastructure ) and is discussed under " NII ( National Information Infrastructure ) . .
The spectrum is free to use , just like cordless telephone spectrum .
The spectrum is from 5.15 to 5.35 GHz and 5.725 to 5.825 GHz , which is a high enough frequency that data rates can go as high as 20 Mbits / sec .
The speech took place in March of 1994 .
The speed of Fibre Channel is its most distinguishing feature : it provides bandwidth in the range of 100 Mbits / sec to 800 Mbits / sec over a variety of cable types , including multimode fiber , coaxial cable , and shielded twisted - pair wire .
The speed of transmission lines between LANs .
The SPI provides connections for PBXs , key telephone systems , ISDN , the analog phone system , cellular systems , Centrex , and other types of telephone networks .
The STA ( spanning tree algorithm ) provides a way to create multiple paths while preventing loops .
The standard - setting computer for all modern IBM systems , the System / 360 , was introduced in 1964 .
The standard also promotes wireless bridging between networks .
The standard assumes that voice has been subjected to extensive compression and uses less than 8 Kbits / sec of bandwidth ( compared to 64 Kbits / sec for uncompressed digitized voice ) .
The standard defines a hierarchical tree - structured directory in which countries form the top level of the directory and organizations or organizational units branch from this tree as shown in Figure X - 2 .
The standard defines a structured , star - topology network .
The standard defines how frames can be tagged to identify which VLAN they belong to .
The standard defines protocols in three layers , which closely correspond to the lower three layers of the OSI protocol stack :
The standard defines serial transmissions of bitstreams across a single wire .
The standard defines the use of fiber - optic cable , stp shielded twisted - pair cable , and UTP cable .
The standard expands the frame format by adding fields that associate frames with a specific VLAN .
The standard for serial interfacing is the EIA / TIA - 232 ( DB - 25 ) and the EIA / TIA - 574 ( DB - 9 ) .
The standard is basically a tagging scheme .
The standard is commonly used in the LAN and campus environment .
The standard is not widely implemented in the LAN environment .
The standard is now pervasive , and all Windows applications , as well as IBM OS / 2 applications , are developed to the standard .
The standard permissions are a combination of these individual permissions and are designed to provide a set of permissions appropriate for the most common user requirements .
The standard permissions for folders are listed in Table W - 1 .
The standard requires that two outlets be provided at each wall plate  one for voice and one for data .
The standard uses a shared access method similar to CSMA / CD ( carrier sense multiple access / collision detection ) , which is used in Ethernet .
The standard was first discussed in 1991 and has been under continuous development since .
The standard will not use spread spectrum technology to achieve high data rates .
The standards are designed to ensure interoperability among products so that a user or organization can set up a videoconference with any other user or organization without the need to worry about equipment compatibility .
The start and stop bits differentiate one frame from the next .
The starting point for building enterprise networks is to tie everything together .
The startstop mode of transmission means that transmission starts over again for each new character , which eliminates any timing discrepancies that may have occurred during the last transmission .
The startup costs are cheaper and , in most cases , the organization is already connected to the Internet .
The stateless operation of the HTTP protocols is not a good match for client / server applications , which require continuous connections and , in some cases , transaction - processing monitors to ensure that writes to databases are handled correctly .
The station then converts the token into a normal frame for transmitting data .
The station then transmits a frame and removes it from the network after it makes a full loop .
The steps that Web site developers follow to use CGI are to first create the HTML ( Hypertext Markup Language ) form and add the tags that define the input boxes , drop - down list boxes , and buttons that appear on forms to collect input from users .
The strategy assumes that it is unlikely that two drives will fail at the same time .
The strategy is simple : install encrypting routers at each site with connections to the Internet .
The strength of the encryption becomes the defining factor for ensuring privacy .
The strength of the public - key system relies on the fact that multiplying two prime integers together is easy , but factoring the product is difficult ( at least to date ) .
The strength of this technique lies in the ability to rapidly sense a flow .
The stretch of cable is often called the local loop and is in most cases the last remaining part of the telephone network that uses analog voice signaling .
The strict ource - routing option is used to specify a complete path through the network from source to destination .
The structure of the cable system is pictured in Figure C - 1 .
The structure of the Internet backbone has changed radically over the years .
The structure of these new networks is pictured in Figure E - 11 .
The subarea network , which may contain a VTAM ( Virtual Telecommunication Access Method ) node and any number of NCP ( Network Control Program ) nodes , emulates an NN .
The subdivision of the layers can be seen in Figure D - 7 .
The subnet mask basically serves as a sort of template to indicate which part of the address defines the network and which part defines the host .
The subnet masks for the different classes of networks are shown in the following table , along with the binary equivalent :
The Sun Microsystems JavaStation is perhaps the most NC - like design .
The SuperSPARC : line is designed for high - end desktop and server usage and has a 32 - bit design with clock speeds in the 40 MHz to 90 MHz range .
The surges then find their way back into the electrical system , where they cause problems elsewhere .
The switch can quickly bridge any two ports together so devices on those ports become part of the same broadcast network .
The switch controller is basically a high - speed IP router that can control an ATM switch .
The switch controller runs IFMP ( Ipsilon Flow Management Protocol ) , which allows it to map IP flows with ATM virtual channels .
The switch does not need to make allowances for variable lengths .
The switch itself moves frames between ports at very high speeds so it does not introduce any delay to the network .
The switch sets up a point - to - point circuit between two different end systems .
The switch sets up a port connection between the sender and receiver for the duration of the transmission .
The switch sets up a temporary link between any two ports on the fly so that end systems on those ports can exchange data .
The switch then forwards packets in the higher - level queues before the lower - level queues .
The switches are ATMbased , but the strategy for setting up VCs is simplified .
The switching architecture of this device is pictured in Figure S - 17 .
The switching office provides call routing and longdistance connections .
The symmetrical ( private - key ) scheme uses one key to both encrypt and decrypt data .
The SYN bit is set on and the ACK bit is set off .
The sync character is the bit string 01111110 , and this is followed by an 8bit address , an 8bit control field , and the data .
The syslog facility exists in the UNIX operating system to create audit trails .
The System / 370 architecture became System / 370 Extended Architecture and eventually grew into ESA / 390 ( Enterprise Systems Architecture / 390 ) .
The system accepting the certificate can obtain a copy of the CA 's public key and verify that the certificate is authentic .
The system administrator 's password is the master key to the system .
The system can be scaled by simply adding more servers .
The system combines narrow band , single frequency transmission with low power and achieves data rates of 10 Mbits / sec .
The system consists of SSPs ( service switching points ) that provide the origination or termination points for calls .
The system employs a combination of FDMA / TDMA ( frequency division multiple access / time division multiple access ) signal multiplexing to make efficient use of limited spectrum .
The system has a downstream data rate ( from network to computer ) and an upstream data rate ( from computer to Internet ) .
The system has three PCI buses designed to handle thousands of simultaneous network requests .
The system is a four - fiber , bidirectional , line - switched SONET ring ( 4 BLSR ) , as pictured in Figure S - 10 .
The system is also Java - enabled and includes support for the Java VM ( Virtual Machine ) .
The system is basically a space - based cellular network that projects over 1,600 cells onto the planetary surface 
The system is designed as a mainframe alternative .
The system is in a lockable PC case with no end - user expansion slots .
The system is loosely coupled , and each node has its own bus , memory , and I / O system .
The system is primarily designed for voice calls , paging systems , and navigation .
The system make efficient use of the existing AMPS system .
The system must also help the user locate the components that are needed to get the operation done .
The system requirements for a NetPC are outlined here :
The system runs Sun 's UNIX - compatible Solaris operating system , which provides SMP capabilities across the processors .
The system should have audio capabilities .
The system supports physical card - key devices or token cards and supports Kerberos secret - key authentication .
The system supports up to 64 UltraSPARC II CPUs and provides up to 32 GFLOPs of performance .
The system then passes this information to the TACACS server and requests authentication services .
The system transmits voice calls as analog signals across copper twisted cables from homes and businesses to neighborhood COs ( central offices ) ; this is often called the local loop .
The system uses special caching techniques to route prefetched data into the cache ahead of when a processor might need it .
The system was jointly developed as a standard in 1980 by Digital Equipment Corporation , Intel , and Xerox .
The system works adequately over 28.8 - Kbit / sec modems although ISDN ( Integrated Services Digital Network ) links provide better service .
The systems are a natural fit for LANs and WANs since they support desktop CTI ( computer - telephony integration ) .
The systems are also used to process very large and complex tasks such as weather forecasting and simulated nuclear weapons testing .
The systems are especially useful for database management systemp and data warehousing .
The systems are especially useful for database management systems and data warehousing because they provide a way for a system to handle multiple queries from multiple users and access vast quantities of data while doing so .
The systems can provide immunity from faults and improve overall data access performance .
The systems may call at timed intervals or whenever there is enough outgoing mail to make the call worthwhile .
The systems may then negotiate session parameters ( or some parameters may be included in the acknowledgment message Options field of the TCP segment ) .
The systems operate at 3 to 10 fps , but fast motion momentarily defeats them , causing blurred , slowed , or stopped motion .
The systems should be designed to require minimal interaction from the user to install and configure devices .
The systems then negotiate session parameters such as timing , packet size , and syntax .
The systems were largely analog until the early 1990s , when the first digital systems were put in place .
The T - carrier services provide multiplexing techniques for delivering multiple voice channels over digital trunk lines .
The T - connector provides two cable connections for signal - in and signal - out .
The T.120 series of standards for " audiographic teleconferencing " were ratified by the ITU in late 1996 .
The T1 carrier is the most common time division multiplexed line , as shown in Figure M - 16 , there are 24 repeating time slots of 8 bits each .
The T1 line connects to the unit via an RJ connector and the bridge / router connects via a V.35 interface .
The T1 lines act as a single circuit rather than multiple separate circuits .
The table indicates which output port the router should forward the packet on .
The table may indicate the PVC ( permanent virtual circuit ) to use on the ATM network to get to that router .
The tables can be related and combined in a number of ways to correlate and view data .
The tag is then read by switches and if switching rather than routing can be performed , the frames are sent over a wire - speed circuit .
The Tag Switching scheme is designed for WANs .
The tape is also thinner and stronger , and thus longer , meaning that more data can be stored on a single tape .
The tape moves at 100 to 150 inches per second .
The target node will evaluate its own traffic and determine whether it can handle the new connection .
The target object receives the request from the ORB .
The target server decrypts the ticket and compares the user ID sent with the ticket to the user ID that was encrypted in the ticket .
The task is to make the transition as painless as possible .
The TCP / IP addressing scheme is an important part of the Internet because it provides a way to assign a unique address to all the networks and hosts attached to it .
The TCP / IP protocol suite is well suited to enterprise - wide client / server computing .
The TCP / IP protocol tied the network segments together and provided traffic routing through gateways ( now called routers ) .
The TCP group has objects that keep track of connections .
The technician can choose to capture frames transmitted by a particular network computer or frames that carry information for a particular application or service .
The technique can provide service levels if necessary by tagging some packets with higher priority than others .
The technique combines lossless techniques and a special compression algorithm that is fast but not effective .
The technique for doing this is often called layer 3 switching or layer 2 routing , depending on your point of view and the vendor you are talking with .
The technique generally follows the Bellman - Ford algorithm .
The technique has been used for years by the military because the signal is hard to detect and difficult to jam .
The technique is commonly used on dialup lines and WANs ( wide area networks ) to temporarily boost the capacity of a link .
The technique is especially compelling for intranets and the Internet , and is the basis for Java and ActiveX technologies .
The technique is often called bonding .
The technique is often called shortcut routing .
The technique is referred to as frequency reuse .
The technique is to link the two SNA or NetBIOS systems with a pair of DLSw routers .
The technique is useful for accommodating bursts in traffic , videoconferencing , backup sessions , and other requirements .
The technique of dividing LANs is often called microsegmentation because a network can be split into smaller and smaller segments up to the point where a single port segment may be dedicated to a single computer .
The technique of encoding multiple bits into a baud is called QAM ( quadrature amplitude modulation ) and is discussed in a moment .
The technique was first used in the television industry as a way to record television pictures on tape .
The techniques are used on switched networks that implement ATM backbones or other switching environments .
The techniques described in this section explain how network administrators can create VLANs ( virtual LANs ) to gain the advantages of router - connected subnetworks in a flat switched network environment .
The technologies for building WANs are listed here and pictured in Figure W - 1 :
The technologies just need acceptance .
The technology involves CTI ( computer - telephony integration ) , multimedia , videoconferencing , and other technologies .
The technology is also used to update component - based software on a user 's desktop with new or updated components .
The technology is designed for deploying Java - based NCs ( network computers ) .
The technology is designed to take advantage of networks that are built around switches ( as opposed to networks built with repeater hubs and routers , for example ) .
The technology is not perfect .
The technology is often called broadcast news technology , or netcasting .
The technology is well known and easy to learn and use .
The technology was originally made popular by Ipsilon , with its IP Switching technology , so the name IP switching has stuck .
The technology was originally made popular by Ipsilon with its IP Switching technology , so the name IP switching has become a generic term .
The technology was originally made popular by Ipsilon with its IP Switching technology , so the name IP switching has stuck .
The telecommunication closet contains the connection equipment for workstations in the immediate area and a cross - connection to an equipment room .
The telecommunication closet is a general facility that can provide horizontal wiring connections as well as entrance facility connections .
The Telecommunications Act of 1996 changed the restrictions that were imposed on carriers .
The Telecommunications Act of 1996 required that all local markets be opened up so that long - distance carriers could compete in the local area .
The Telecommunications Reform Act of 1996 changed that .
The Telecommunications Reform Act of 1996 makes it possible for IXCs to offer services in local ( intra - LATA ) areas and for the LECs and RBOCs ( regional Bell operating companies ) to offer long - distance services .
The Telecommunications Reform Act of 1996 makes it possible for IXCs to offer services in local ( intra - LATA ) areas and for the LECs and RBOCs to offer long - distance services .
The telephone companies also use microwave extensively along with fiber - optic cable to replace older analog systems .
The telephone companies and other providers offer bandwidth on demand as part of their service offerings .
The telephone companies are related service providers that make a range of connection methods available for building voice and data networks .
The telephone companies convert analog voice calls to digital at their central offices ( there is one in your neighborhood ) for transmission across trunk lines to other central offices or to longdistance systems .
The telephone companies have built networks of microwave transmitters and receivers for the telephone network .
The telephone company , cable services , and other suppliers provide MAN services to companies that need to build networks that span public rights - of - way in metropolitan areas .
The telephone company can then route all calls for phones within a business to the PBX and rely on the PBX to distribute those calls .
The telephone networks long ago set aside 64 Kbits / sec of digital bandwidth to transmit a voice call across their backbone networks .
The telephone switching system filters out higher frequencies to eliminate noise .
The telephone system consists of a hierarchy of switches that set up calls across COs , across LATAs , or across long - distance connections .
The telephone system has always been an integral part of data communications .
The telephone system has bandwidth limitations due to its use as a voice communication system .
The telephone system has evolved from an analog system to a digital system .
The telephone system in the United States is largely digital , even though most telephones are analog devices .
The television cable industry is in a rush to bring broadband data services to home and business users by taking advantage of the CATV cable system that is already in place and wired into nearly every home in the country .
The term " packet " generally refers to a package of data exchanged between devices over a data communication link .
The term " server " is used here to refer to both the computer and the server software running in the computer .
The term " volumes " is primarily used in the NetWare environment , but is applied to other environments as well .
The term broadcast news ( and newsfeed services ) may more correctly identify this technology , not all information pushed to your desktop is news .
The term carrier is commonly used to refer to the local or long - distance telecommunication service providers that offer a range of data communication services .
The term extranet is an outgrowth of intranet , a term that describes internal networks that are built with Internet technologies such as TCP / IP and Web protocols such as HTTP ( Hypertext Transfer Protocol ) .
The term gateway is the older term for router in the Internet lexicon .
The term is often used by carriers to describe their service offering for frame relay , ATM ( Asynchronous Transfer Mode ) , and SMDS ( Switched Multi megabit Data Service ) .
The term is used in two contexts . Broadband networking refers to networks that have very high transmission rates .
The term markup is historically based on the marks made by copy editors to pages that indicate how they should be formatted and typeset .
The term packet is used loosely here because the carriers deliver data in either frames ( i . e . , frame relay ) or cells ( i . e . , ATM , Asynchronous Transfer Mode ) .
The terminal for the S / 3xx system was the IBM 327x model .
The terminal is " dumb " in that there is no built - in software that initiates a communication .
The terminal server has a number of serial ports and the appropriate network interface .
The terminals and printers are connected to cluster controllers , which in turn connect to the host or to a communication controller if they are remote from the host .
The terminals are attached to the terminal server via RS - 232 serial interfaces and the terminal server is connected to an Ethernet or token ring network .
The terminals connect into a single box that has a connection to the host over a network or remote link .
The terminology for virtual circuits is as follows and is pictured in Figure A14 :
The terminology was standardized through the joint efforts of the ANSI ( American National Standards Institute ) X3T10 ( SCSI ) Committee and the SCSI Trade Association .
The terms CTI ( computer - telephony integration ) and IVD ( integrated voice and data ) are used to describe the consolidation of voice and data .
The text of RFC 1945 is available at the following Web site :
The text of the page is downloaded , and that is it .
The TGS decrypts the TGT and compares its contents with information provided by the user to determine authenticity , then returns a ticket to the user for the target server .
The TGS decrypts the TGT and views its contents .
The TGT includes the user 's ID and network address , as well as the ID of the TGS .
The TGT is encrypted with a key known only to the AS and TGS .
The third dimension , according to the paper is policy management .
The third mode , circuit - based , can provide dedicated circuits that can be prioritized for voice and other real - time traffic .
The third switch controller detects a flow and requests a virtual circuit , which eliminates the second switch controller .
The third type of firewall uses stateful inspection techniques .
The thousands of interconnected networks that make up the Internet include millions of computers and users .
The threads service is suited to dealing with multiple clients in client / server - based applications .
The threads service provides portability features that support concurrent processing , allowing an application to perform many actions simultaneously .
The three - dimensional color and coordinate image information is first translated into a format that is more responsive to compression .
The three - tiered model consists of the presentation tier ( Web browser ) , the business logic tier ( Web server ) , and the data tier ( back - end databases and mainframe systems ) .
The three categories of users are described here :
The three important operations performed by SOCKS are .
The three main rewritable optical disk technologies are described here :
The three most common T - carrier services are fractional T1 , T1 , and T3 .
The three networks are interconnected with two routers .
The three wireless communication categories that are discussed are .
The throughput , or data rate , is the number of bits per second that are transmitted .
The throughput of a system is determined by a number of factors , including the packet processing speed of routers along the path , the number of devices and networks between two systems , and the specified bit rate of the medium ( i . e . , 10Base - T Ethernet delivers 10 Mbits / sec while a modem link delivers approximately 28 Kbits / sec ) .
The TIA ( Telecommunications Industry Association ) and the EIA ( Electronic Industries Association ) have developed an international telecommunications wiring standard called the TIA / EIA - 568 that defines how to design , build , and manage a structured wiring system .
The TIA / EIA - 568 - A standard defines specific cabling requirements which are discussed further under " TIA / EIA Structured Cabling Standards . " .
The TIA / EIA - 607 Grounding and Bonding specification also covers this topic .
The TIA / EIA ( Telecommunications Industry Association / Electronic Industries Association ) has approved this cable for cross - connects between campus buildings in its Commercial Building Wiring Standard .
The TIA / EIA defined a range of standards related to network cabling , as outlined here :
The TIA / EIA specification calls for 90 - meter maximum runs from the wiring closet to the wall outlet .
The TIA / EIA standard calls for two cables to each workstation .
The TIA / EIA standard defines a star - wired hierarchical topology in which computers are attached to wall plates , wall plates lead to wiring closets , and wiring closets lead to central equipment rooms that service an entire enterprise .
The TIA / EIA structured cabling standards are international specifications that define how to design , build , and manage a structured cabling system .
The TIA and ISO ( International Organization for Standardization ) were in the process of standardizing Category 6 at the time of this writing , and one of their intentions was to create a standard that supports Gigabit Ethernet .
The TIA is involved in legislative efforts , international marketing opportunities , trade show sponsorship , and standards development .
The TIA serves as the voice of the communications and information technology industry .
The TIA standard defines the parameters for each part of the cabling system , which includes work area wiring , horizontal wiring , telecommunication closets , equipment rooms and cross - connects , backbone wiring , and entrance facilities .
The TIA works in association with the EIA ( Electronic Industries Association ) and recently has become affiliated with the MultiMedia Telecommunications Association to work jointly on the convergence of computing technologies and communications .
The TIA 's Web site is one of its most important assets .
The ticket contains the session key , which was also sent to the client .
The ticket is then forwarded to the target server along with the user ID .
The tighter these intervals , the more accurate the recording .
The time allocation for a device is fixed .
The time allocation for a device is fixed .
The time between sending data and receiving an acknowledgment is recorded and an estimate of the expected response time is continually updated .
The time server is the sole source of time on the network .
The time the user can log in or the specific computers the user can operate .
The title of the page is given along with an abstract that describes what is on the page .
The TM tracks the activities of the RMs during the transaction .
The token and frames of data are passed from one station to another following the numeric sequence of the station addresses .
The Token Bus Working Group defines a broadband networking scheme that is used in the manufacturing industry .
The token device then computes a response ( using its special algorithm ) based on the random challenge and a secret key .
The token is passed around the network and acquired by any station that needs to transmit .
The token provides what is often called two - factor authentication , in which the user supplies something that they know , and something that they have ( a one - time value generated by the token ) .
The token ring topology forms a logical ring but has the cable layout of a star topology with a central hub .
The Token Ring Working Group defines the access protocols , cabling , and interfaces for token ring LANs made popular by IBM .
The toolset includes tools for converting files created in other applications into the Adobe PDF ( Portable Document Format ) .
The top - level domains are listed here .
The top frame illustrates the token while the bottom frame illustrates the frame that is used to transmit messages and data .
The top layer is where applications interact with the network and is called the application layer protocol .
The top layers of CORBA provide the object interfaces into the GIOP ( General Inter - ORB Protocol ) or ESIOP ( Environment - Specific Inter - ORB Protocol ) layer .
The top of the tree contains groups of objects , including System ( described equipment ) , Interfaces ( described traffic on network interfaces ) , IP ( IP packet statistics ) , ICMP ( ICMP messages ) , TCP ( TCP traffic statistics ) , UDP ( UDP traffic statistics ) , EGP ( Exterior Gateway Protocol statistics ) , and SNMP ( SNMP traffic statistics ) .
The top two support either point - to - point connections between two systems or multipoint connections between a primary station and two or more secondary stations .
The topic " Data Transfer Rates " defines rates for common network applications and activities that can help you determine transmission requirements .
The topic " Throughput " discusses the rate at which data can be transmitted through a channel .
The topology information is then used by switches to determine the best path through the network for end station - to - end station communications .
The topology is a tiered star , which allows peripherals to be connected to repeater hubs that provide multiple port connectors .
The topology is what is called a physical ring of trees , but logically , the entire network forms a ring .
The topology may be configured locally , but is often found in metropolitan or wide area networks .
The topology of Ethernet 802.3 networks , with the exception of those that implement the new 100VG - AnyLAN standard , is a linear bus with a CSMA / CD access method .
The total length of the network cannot exceed 1,000 feet , but additional networks can be attached using repeaters , bridges , or routers .
The trade - off is reduced price and greater administrative control .
The traditional " best effort " delivery service of IP does not guarantee delivery .
The traditional backup medium is magnetic tape .
The traditional CD - ROM holds up to 600MB of information , which is over 300,000 pages of information , but new optical disc formats are available such as DVD - ROM ( Digital Video Disk ROM ) that have seven times this capacity .
The traditional connection requires four different conversions .
The traditional digital line service is the T1 channel , which provides transmission rates of 1.544 Mbits / sec .
The traditional enterprise network has been defined with a hierarchy of network topologies .
The traditional model consists of many servers , but users may have trouble finding files on those servers .
The traditional monopolistic phone companies in the United States and elsewhere are scrambling to keep up .
The traditional operating system consists of a small kernel that runs processes such as user applications and services .
The traditional role of a Web browser has been to contact a Web site and obtain information from the site in the form of an HTML page .
The transaction - monitoring features provided by Encina are critical in distributed database environments , where transactions can involve changes on more than one database server but must be viewed as a single unit of work .
The transaction layer provides the interface into networking services for applications .
The transaction monitor completes the transaction when it receives a response from all database systems that data was successfully committed .
The transaction monitor must verify that all affected data is consistent .
The transaction monitor sends a " precommit " command to the database systems .
The Transaction Server Executive provides run - time services and context management .
The transceiver broadcasts and receives signals from workstations around it , as shown in Figure W - 6 .
The transceiver uses special circuitry to handle both transmit and receive signals .
The transmission layer provides connection - oriented services that can set up a link between two endpoints to monitor data flow and guarantee delivery .
The transmission method is asynchronous .
The transmission rate is typically 28,800 bits / sec with the V.34 standard and the use of compression , but higher rates ( up to 56 Kbits / sec ) are available for download speeds .
The transmission rates of various communication media are listed here .
The transmission takes place over a single channel .
The transmit wires connect to pins 1 and 2 , and the receive wires connect to pins 3 and 6 , as shown in Figure E - 15 .
The transmitter in each cell has relatively low power so its transmission does not overlap too much into adjacent cells .
The transmitter sends radio signals to an antenna at a base station , and the receiver receives radio signals from the base station antenna .
The transmitting modem modulates the carrier signal , and the receiving modem demodulates the signal .
The transport layer establishes connection - oriented sessions over which data is reliably transmitted during the period that the session is open .
The transport layer establishes connection - oriented sessions over which data is reliably transmitted during the period that the session is running .
The transport layer is layer 4 in the OSI protocol stack .
The transport layer provides a high level of control for moving information between the end systems in a communication session .
The transport layer provides a unique service .
The transport mechanisms in this case are the channel allocation schemes for digital radio .
The transport protocol must have some mechanism of dealing with similar error messages from multiple recipients .
The tree can be expanded and collapsed so managers can view and work with objects in different parts of the network .
The tree can include Microsoft Windows desktops as well .
The tree has a topmost root level and major divisions called domains branch from the root .
The trick is for a host to indicate to its connected router that it wants to receive a particular multicast .
The trick is to take advantage of the ATM network , which has the capability of providing a direct virtual circuit between two workstations , even if those workstations are on different ELANs .
The trick to making these " blue sky " objectives work is to follow one of two scenarios :
The trunk cable attaches to a BNC T - connector , which is then attached to a male BNC connector on the back of the board .
The tunnel is a virtual path that extends across the intermediate network .
The tunneling process involves encapsulating a packet from the source network into a packet of the intermediate network .
The twisted - pair version of Ethernet ( 10Base - T and 100Base - T ) is configured as a star topology in which the cable to each station branches from a central wiring hub , as shown on the right in Figure E - 7 .
The twisted - pair versions of the standard can support full duplex modes to provide even higher performance .
The twisted pairs are pushed closer together , which can cause crosstalk .
The twisted pairs in the cable are directly attached to the back of the patch panel .
The twisting of pairs , the quality of the conductive material , the type of insulator , and the shielding largely determine the rate at which data can be transmitted over twisted - pair cable .
The twisting prevents interference problems .
The twists in each pair must be maintained all the way up to the connection point .
The twists in the cable help maintain proper signaling , especially at high data rates .
The twists in the cable must be maintained all the way up to within 1 / 2 inch of a connector .
The two 64 - Kbit / sec channels can be combined into a single 128 - Kbit / sec channel for data transfers .
The two competing Web file systems are .
The two FDDI rings are known as the primary ring and the secondary ring .
The two most popular LAN technologies are Ethernet and token ring .
The two most popular mailing list programs are outlined here :
The two peer transport layers appear to be talking to one another .
The two servers periodically synchronize with each other to ensure that users are working with the latest information .
The two systems indicate their ability to send / receive upper layer PDUs ( protocol data units ) in fragmented form and negotiate a packet size .
The two token ring frame types are pictured in Figure T - 12 .
The two topologies are illustrated in Figure B1 .
The two type of addresses are as follows :
The Tymserve 2000 Network Time Server from Datum , Inc . provides NTP time service functions .
The type of backup you choose depends on how many tapes you use , how often you want to back up , whether you are archiving tapes at a permanent storage location , and whether you rotate copies of your tapes offsite .
The type of computer the VM runs in is irrelevant .
The type of content that RTSP can deliver includes live audio and video and prerecorded audio and video .
The type of service used depends on the level of service required should a main link fail .
The types of available lines are listed here .
The types of fiber - optic cable are listed here :
The typical components of a Category 5 wiring scheme are illustrated in Figure T - 16 .
The typical strategy is to connect servers to the backbone , where they can take advantage of the higher throughput .
The U . S . backbone is also connected internationally .
The U . S . contribution to the GII is the NII ( National Information Infrastructure ) , which will link to the GII and provide Americans with access to the global community .
The U . S . government has already auctioned off licenses for the service .
The U . S . government has vast quantities of information in the Library of Congress , the Smithsonian , and elsewhere that it will make available .
The U . S . standards are presented to international standards organizations by ANSI , where they may be adopted as a whole or in part as international standards .
The UDP ( User Datagram Protocol ) was also created to provide a way for applications that do not need TCP 's reliability features to access IP .
The UDP header , pictured here , illustrates how port addressing is the primary function of UDP .
The UltraSPARC : is a line of high - end 64 - bit processors that operate in the 200 MHz to 300 MHz range .
The underlying connections include the dial - up telephone network , satellite and ground - based microwave links , fiber - optic networks , and even the cable TV ( CATV ) network .
The underlying network and the processes associated with object interfacing are hidden from the user , who sees only what appears to be a single application , even though the system may be interacting with objects on a remote multiplatform system .
The underlying network may be a mesh network on which a dedicated path through the network has been created .
The underlying physical layer then transmits the framed data as a stream of bits on the network medium .
The UNI cell is pictured in Figure A12 .
The United States , the United Kingdom , Canada , Japan , France , Germany , and Australia have implemented OSI procurement standards .
The United States Commerce Department 's NIST ( National Institute of Standards and Technology ) is developing a PKI in partnership with companies such as AT &amp; T , BBN , Cylink , Motorola , Northern Telecom , VeriSign , and others .
The United States is just one of many countries pursuing national initiatives to make information freely available over communication networks .
The units may be complex front - end mainframe interfaces or simpler devices such as multiplexors , bridges , and routers .
The University of California at Berkeley produced some of the most important work on UNIX outside Bell Labs .
The UNIX file system consists of the following :
The UNIX file system is a hierarchical , tree - structured namespace that is designed to help users organize and access files .
The UNIX kernel is a solid core that changes little from system to system , while processes are added at the user 's discretion .
The UNIX operating system was developed at AT &amp; T Bell Laboratories by Ken Thompson and Dennis Ritchie in 1969 and the early 1970s .
The UNIX system also defines special types of files that represent physical devices such as printers , terminals , and tape drives .
The uplink frequencies start at 935.2 MHz and the downlink channels start at 890.2 kHz .
The upper - layer software uses lower - level protocols to contact another system and establish a communication session .
The upper layer is compatible with all Java applications and the lower layer is compatible with a specific computing platform , such as the Intel family .
The upper layers define how applications can use the lower network layer services .
The upper LLC ( Logical Link Control ) layer provides a way to address a station on a LAN and exchange information with it .
The upper portion , called the LLC ( Logical Link Control ) , provides a connection point for those drivers into the upper layers .
The uppermost layers define how applications interface with the network .
The upstream data rate can be up to 10 Mbits / sec , but cable modem vendors are opting for 200 Kbits / sec to 2 Mbits / sec on this channel .
The upstream rates and distances are listed in the following table :
The upstream rates are from 1.6 Mbits / sec to 2.3 Mbits / sec .
The URL is basically a pointer to the location of an object .
The use of a circuit guarantees that packets arrive in sequence because they follow the same path .
The use of high - performance systems to perform the actual compression of files is helpful .
The use of security features to authenticate users and certify documents .
The user can communicate with all components of OS / 400 using a single command language .
The user can send another message to unsubscribe from the list at any time .
The user can then request or purchase additional time or resources .
The user can then subscribe to a newsgroup and begin reading articles available in that group or post new articles .
The user chooses the destination by specifying its IP address or name on the command line in a form such as : ping 100.50.25.1 .
The user creates a directory and sets the rights or permissions on the directory .
The user does not need to know or care about the physical location of the file , only where it is located in the hierarchical view .
The user fills out a form that is submitted to the server , and the server responds with dynamic information obtained by processing the information on the form .
The user first connects with a newsgroup server usually located at an ISP ( Internet service provider ) , then downloads a list of available newsgroups .
The user has seamless access to the network while traveling because all the base stations operate at the same frequency .
The user interacts with such objects by playing them , rather than editing , although editing may be possible as well .
The user interface and desktop have changed somewhat with the integration of Microsoft 's Internet Explorer Web browser software .
To minimize this configuration requirement , DHCP ( Dynamic Host Configuration Protocol ) was developed to automatically allocate IP addresses to clients .
To move a user to a new LAN segment , you have to physically move the cable from one repeater module to another .
To obtain high data rates on these lines , it is conditioned to ensure quality .
To operate as backup and archiving systems that require little human intervention .
To overcome the problem of file corruption being written to mirrored systems simultaneously , additional backup servers are included in the arrangement that retain data without new changes for a period of time .
To overcome these limitations , RFC 1049 ( 1988 ) added a header that could describe a particular format for the message content , although the entire content had to be the same .
To overcome these problems , a modulation technique called QPSK ( Quadrature Phase - Shift Keying ) is used , but it runs slow and so upstream data transfers will not be as high as downstream transfers .
To overcome this overhead , various strategies have been proposed for switching packets through such networks .
To place a call , you would ask an operator to connect you with another party .
To place a call over such a system , you basically " dial " the IP address of the party you want to reach , rather than a telephone number .
To prevent these problems , equipment connected to different power sources must be electrically isolated .
To prevent traffic congestion , the traffic director must work quickly and the cars must travel at high speed across the single lane .
To prevent unauthorized access , you set up private directories and require logon authentication .
To programs , the systems appears as a single virtual parallel computer .
To promote ActiveX as a standard , in October 1996 , microsoft turned control of ActiveX over to The Open Group , which formed a subgroup called " The Active Group " to specifically manage the evolution of ActiveX technologies .
To protect internal data systems , a defensive system is recommended that includes the equivalent of trip wires , moats , boiling oil , and other strategies to repel the hordes .
To protect internal networks , microsoft built appropriate security features into RAS .
To protect the data by duplicating it .
To provide alternate sources for the data should primary or secondary sites fail .
To provide balance , the companies were required to provide universal service , which dictated that all customers be treated equally .
To provide global communication coverage , each satellite has cross - links and can hand off calls to other satellites .
To provide packetswitching services that benefit mobile computer users , the CDPD ( Cellular Digital Packet Data ) standard is being added to the system in most markets .
To put the switching revolution into perspective , an analogy can be drawn from the telephone system .
To put these protocols in perspective , assume you are a city planner and you need to monitor traffic at various intersections throughout the city .
To put this into perspective , assume you are writing one of the many thousands of network applications that must exchange messages and data with other network computers .
To recover , you might need to go to the most recent offline backup set .
To reduce network traffic , mtp does not require stations to acknowledge receipt of messages .
To reduce SAP broadcasts , you can increase the interval at which they occur or use Novell - provided filters that reduce SAP traffic over wide area links .
To regain performance , you split the network with a bridge or router , as shown in Figure N - 15 ( b ) .
To resolve the problem , the RFC recommends that routers must be able to reserve resources for specific streams of packets called flows .
To resolve these problems , Whitfield Diffie and Martin Hellman developed asymmetric public - key cryptography in the mid 1970s .
To run sophisticated applications and transactions over networks , there is a need to register components and coordinate their activities so that critical transactions can take place .
To send a message , a protocol must put the message in a packet that passes down to the next lower layer .
To send a packet to a device on another LAN across a router , you need a higher - level addressing scheme .
To send a packet to another end system , a workstation only needs to know the MAC address of the destination station .
To send a private message to someone , you encrypt the message with the recipient 's public key .
To send a private message to someone , you obtain their public key and encrypt the message with it .
To send and receive voice over the Internet , one needs a PC equipped with at least 16MB of memory , a sound card , speakers , a microphone , and software  which is currently a standard multimedia PC configuration .
To set up a VC , an ATM client sends out a request to establish a connection with another device .
To solve the problem , multiple satellites are placed in the same orbit .
To solve the problem of matching IP addresses to circuits , lane defines a LES ( LAN emulation server ) , which maintains a table that matches IP addresses with ATM circuits .
To solve these problems and stimulate the growth of distributed component software that can handle mission - critical tasks , many software developers are creating transaction middleware products for Internet and intranet environments .
To solve this bottleneck , memory buffers are implemented to capture and hold incoming data , preventing data overflows and allowing the 32 - bit card to complete its transmission , even while the 16 - bit card continues to process the information it has collected in its buffer .
To solve this problem , multicast packets are encapsulated in IP unicast packets .
To solve this problem , tunnels are set up between mrouters that cross urouters .
To speed up standardization , it was decided early in the process to leverage the ANSI ( American National Standards Institute ) Fibre Channel standard , which implements high - speed data transmissions on fiber - optic cable .
To start , the client uses a sockets procedure called CONNECT , which creates a TCP segment that includes the server 's IP address and the port number of the desired service .
To subscribe , a user sends a request to the mailing list server in an e - mail message .
To take advantage of the maximum network diameter , you can connect two hubs together .
To take advantage of this system , you 'll need an operating system that supports SMP ( symmetrical multiprocessing ) .
To take advantage of this universal interface and the power of Web protocols , five companies ( BMC Software , Cisco Systems , Compaq Computer , Intel , and Microsoft ) formed the Web - Based Enterprise Management Consortium in July of 1996 .
To test crosstalk levels , the technician injects a known signal into a wire and measures crosstalk on adjacent wires .
To the user , files appear as if they are in one location rather than on separate computers .
To this end , it has developed a common architectural framework for object - oriented applications based on an open and widely available interface specification called OMA ( Object Management Architecture ) .
To transact business , companies must have the means to conduct safe , private , and reliable transactions .
To transmit data , it must be encoded into a signal , then transmitted across a communication system .
To transmit frames to other VLANs , a routing path is obtained from a route server , which first creates a logical path through the network .
To transmit packets between stations in the same VLAN , an MLS ( multilayer switch ) requests a virtual circuit from the ATM connection manager .
To transmit packets between stations on different VLANs , a routing path is required , which involves layer 3 functionality .
To understand datagrams and datagram delivery , it is important to understand the difference between connection - oriented and connectionless protocols .
To understand NHRP , we must picture the topology of an ATM switched network with an overlay of IP subnetworks , as pictured in Figure N - 19 .
To understand the role of routers , it may be useful to consider how the Internet joins the autonomous networks of organizations throughout the globe .
To understand what I - PNNI does , it is helpful to understand the ATM Forum 's MPOA ( Multiprotocol over ATM ) specification .
To use an analogy , if network layer protocols were airline systems , the transport layer protocols would be the air traffic controllers .
Today , a diversity of connections are used to create WANs , as shown in Figure W - 1 .
Today , a growing number of Internet users move their systems from place to place .
Today , anybody can dial anybody else without operator assistance .
Today , AT &amp; T , MCI , Sprint , and many other IXCs connect with POPs at regional facilities throughout the country .
Today , bbn is a major Internet service provider that builds and maintains networks throughout the world for government and commercial customers .
Today , db2 is IBM 's most important database system and is available on all of its major platforms .
Today , DEC 's minicomputer systems run either VMS or ULTRIX , which is a version of UNIX .
Today , even this is changing .
Today , ibm sells much smaller , but potentially more powerful " superservers " for network environments .
Today , intercarrier frame relay is easier to implement .
Today , it is involved in the evolution of both the NREN ( National Research and Education Network ) and the NII ( National Information Infrastructure ) program .
Today , many more providers are involved , and interconnections are handled at NAPs , MAEs ( metropolitan area exchanges ) , and other points as discussed under " Internet Backbone . " .
Today , message delivery is primarily handled by an Internet protocol called NNTP ( Network News Transport Protocol ) .
Today , microsoft focuses on producing and marketing a broad range of products for personal computing , including development tools and languages , application software , systems software , hardware peripherals , books , and multimedia applications .
Today , more than 75 million copies of RSA encryption and authentication technologies are installed worldwide .
Today , most managers balk at proprietary systems .
Today , most messaging systems provide support for MAPI .
Today , most network administrators prefer to use a single mail standard , and that is the Internet SMTP protocol .
Today , most network operating systems have similar features , use the TCP / IP protocol for internetworking , and include Web server and intranet support .
Today , most network operating systems provide advanced features like directory services and replication to make access more transparent .
Today , most networks are extremely reliable .
Today , ndis is well established , and the installation process is nearly automatic .
Today , networks are more reliable .
Today , routers are more often selected because they provide a better way to connect the individual networks an organization may have installed over the years .
Today , sql is viewed as an interface to access data on many different types of database systems , including mainframes , midrange systems , UNIX systems , and network servers .
Today , such tunnels are not appropriate for on - time delivery of information because the Internet is subject to traffic problems and delays , but as network throughput increases , Internet VPNs will compete with many services offered by the carriers .
Today , switching technologies combined with high - speed backbones hubs form the core of most company networks .
Today , the CCITT ( now the ITU ) V series standards are commonly implemented in modems because they are accepted worldwide .
Today , the interstate telecommunication industry is regulated by the FCC ( Federal Communications Commission ) , which was formed with the Communications Act of 1934 .
Today , the operating system has grown into a full - featured operating system for desktop users and network server applications .
Today , the regulation that kept the long - distance and local providers distinct has been lifted to promote competition .
Today , the trend is to build structured wiring systems that connect the entire enterprise using high - capacity backbone networks .
Today , the trend is to consolidate voice , video , and data on the same network .
Today , the trend is to extend TCP / IP networks all the way up to the mainframe system , which also runs the TCP / IP protocol .
Today , the trend is to extend TCP / IP networks all the way up to the mainframe system , which also support TCP / IP .
Today , the use of TCP / IP protocols virtually assures interconnection ( and in some cases , interoperability ) among systems that use it for communications .
Today 's advanced bridges can learn the address of other stations on the network using techniques discussed here .
Together , the edge devices and the route server provide distributed routing functions .
Together , wfm and ZAWS are designed to provide an environment for planning , deploying , and managing distributed computing environments .
Together , wfm and ZAWS are designed to provide an environment for planning , deploying , and managing distributed computing environments .
Token access methods : A token ring network forms a logical ring on which each transmission travels around the ring from station to station .
Token authentication devices : Devices such as microprocessor - controlled smart cards are used to implement two - factor authentication .
Token authentication schemes that use security cards and passwords are recommended for maintaining secure environments .
Token bus : A distributed technology in which each station gets access to the network in round - robin fashion .
Token passing : ARCNET , token ring , and FDDI ( Fiber Distributed Data Interface ) networks use the token - passing access method .
Token Ring : An IBM - developed ring network topology that operates at 4 Mbits / sec or 16 Mbits / sec .
Token ring : This technique is similar to token bus except that the topology is ring and star .
Token ring and Ethernet card addresses are hardwired on the card .
Token ring is an example of this topology .
Token ring is available in a 4 - Mbit / sec version and a 16 - Mbit / sec version .
Token ring is the IEEE 802.5 standard for a token - passing ring network that can be configured in a star topology .
Token ring switches replace existing bridge solutions so that each port on the switch represents a ring that can communicate with rings on other ports without the need for external bridging and routing .
Token ring switching basically divides a token ring network up into many smaller rings so that fewer stations are waiting to transmit on the ring .
Token switching is also available , as discussed later in this topic .
Top - level applications are built by relying on the underlying services .
Total length : The total length of the datagram .
Toward this goal , industry organizations were formed to create open standards , and vendors developed their own strategies .
TP ( transaction processing ) monitors : Provides a high level of monitoring and control for processes occurring between objects to ensure that operations complete successfully .
TPEP is operated by an organization separate from the NCSC .
TPEP is the program by which the NCSC evaluates computer systems against security criteria .
TPEP performs computer security evaluations for , and on behalf of , the NCSC .
Trading partners often do this using traditional EDI ( Electronic Data Interchange ) .
Traditional analog voice lines provide a convenient and relatively inexpensive way to set up point - to - point links between computers and remote LANs .
Traditional electronic mail messages handled text only .
Traditional modulation techniques are discussed before discussing QAM .
Traditional PBX vendors include companies like Lucent Technologies ( AT &amp; T ) , Northern Telecom , and Siemens .
Traditionally , a VPN has been defined as a private network for voice and data built with carrier services .
Traditionally , both the sender and receiver have already agreed on a key and have established some trust .
Traditionally , ip has assumed that a host on the Internet always connects to the same point of attachment .
Traditionally , server has referred to software , but in the PC world , server has come to mean both hardware and software .
Traditionally , the high - end data transfer rate was limited to 33.6 Kbits / sec , but new modem technologies from Rockwell and U . S . Robotics extend this to 56 Kbits / sec when downloading .
Traditionally , the PBX has been a telephone switching system , but it can also handle data link connections .
Traditionally , the term push defines a way for one computer to send data to another computer without the recipient specifically requesting it .
Traditionally , transaction processing has taken place among big database systems , but today millions of desktop computers are connected to the Internet and participating in electronic commerce that involves transaction processing across multiple remote systems .
Traditionally , when a Web client connects with a Web server , a Web page is downloaded to the user 's computer .
Traffic for the entire enterprise may flow through the hub .
Traffic from network A must cross network B to reach network C .
Traffic now flows on a virtual circuit between the switch controllers on each end of the connection .
Traffic over the WAN is minimized with data compression .
Traffic will back up on the LAN link to the point where packets might be dropped .
Train users to properly log on and log off of the network and to protect their passwords .
Transaction - monitoring systems keep changes to objects and data in multiple locations safe and accurate .
Transaction - processing mechanisms for doing this are discussed under " Transaction Processing " .
Transaction monitoring : A transaction is an update to a record in a database .
Transaction monitoring protects data from corruption if a communication link or system fails during the writing of a transaction .
Transaction monitors can ensure that incomplete disk writes are backed off the disk .
Transaction processing allows advanced purchase and supplier management , electronic payments , online catalogs , registry , dynamic page management , authentication , and billing .
Transaction processing can occur in real time when users are connected directly online to a computer and the results appear immediately in the database .
Transaction processing implies that a transaction , such as the updating of a bank account in a database management system , is executed immediately , as opposed to batch processing , in which a batch of transactions is stored over a period of time , then executed later .
Transaction processing solves this problem by monitoring the changes that must occur to all the databases involved .
Transaction processing systems are essential to running business applications over distributed networks .
Transarc developed the following comparisons between DFS and NFS :
Transarc is now a subsidiary of IBM .
Transarc is responsible for DFS .
TranscendWare is an end - to - end networking solution that adds intelligent software to network components , allowing the components to support delay - sensitive traffic .
Transforming the data into information using tools for cleansing , summarizing , and aggregating source data before placing it in the data warehouse .
Transit services are used by smaller regional and local ISPs who need to send traffic across a national ISP 's network .
Translation : A translation bridge converts Ethernet packets to FDDI packets .
Translation is possible between HIPPI and Fibre Channel , so they can be used in the same environment .
Transmission components ( links ) define the actual media used to transmit signals .
Transmission frequencies are from 2 to 25 GHz , with the higher bandwidths used in short - haul private networks .
Transmission lines can be balanced or unbalanced .
Transmission lines will have some amount of background noise that is generated by external sources , the transmitter , or adjacent lines .
Transmission speeds are 2.5 Mbits / sec .
Transmission speeds are typically in the 2 - Mbit / sec range , and signaling distance is below 1,000 feet , but these speeds and ranges are being improved .
Transmission speeds of LocalTalk are very low ( 230.4 Kbits / sec ) , but LocalTalk is important because most Macintosh computers have LocalTalk support built in .
Transmission takes place on one pair of wires and collision detection takes place on the other pair of wires .
Transmissions are between sender and receiver only , eliminating the ability of one node to listen to another node 's transmissions .
Transmissions consist of binary data without any special control codes .
Transmissions may take place over guided media ( copper cables and fiber - optic cables ) or unguided media ( wireless radio ) .
Transmitter / receiver towers ( called base stations ) are typically located on buildings or hilltops , and anyone within the cell can send or receive transmissions .
Transmitters broadcast signals to receivers .
Transmitting a single frame through this network is a 12 - step process ! .
Transmitting on the upstream channel is more difficult because it is noisy and subject to signals and interference from a variety of sources .
Transparency hides the location of the data from users so they don't need to be concerned where that data is or how to get to it .
Transparent bridges automatically set about learning the topology of the network environment as soon as they are installed and powered up .
Transport control Number of routers a packet can traverse before it is discarded .
Transport layer protocols include TCP ( Transmission Control Protocol ) and Novell SPX ( Sequenced Packet Exchange ) .
Transport layer protocols provide connection - oriented sessions .
Transport layer protocols set up a connection between source and destination and send data in a stream of packets , meaning that each packet is numbered sequentially and constitutes a flow that can be monitored to ensure proper delivery and identity in the flow .
Transport layer services such as TCP provide reliability services in the TCP / IP protocol suite .
Transport mode : Describes the techniques of encrypting only the payload portion of an IP packet for transport across the Internet .
Transport Protocols and Services : How two systems hold a " conversation ' with one another to communicate information and transmit data .
Transport services in general are discussed in the next section , " Transport Protocols and Services . .
Transportindependence is designed to free network developers and users from any need to know about the underlying network .
Transports include such protocols as SSL ( Secure Sockets Layer ) and S - HTTP ( Secure Hypertext Transfer Protocol ) .
Travan drives will read the smaller QIC minicartridges .
Travan improves the QIC capacities as outlined here :
Travan uses new tape formulations to increase capacity .
Tree structures can be organized in different ways .
Trip - wire devices can warn you when the spies and assassins are vaulting the moats and scaling the walls .
Trojan horse programs and worms are typically installed by people inside the company with specific intentions to capture data or do some damage to a system .
Troubleshooting and preventive maintenance is simplified .
Trunks beyond this limit are subject to signal propagation delays that can cause a failure in the collision detection mechanism .
Trust is generally a good thing , even among computers , but when one computer trusts another , that relationship can be exploited by a malicious user , or hacker .
Trust relationships are common when setting up electronic commerce relationships with other companies and business partners .
Trust relationships are established so that one server " trusts " that another server has properly authenticated a user .
Trust relationships may also be set up between the departments or divisions of a company .
TSAPI was enhanced in 1996 by a vendor consortium called Versit , which includes IBM , Siemens , and Apple Computer as its members .
TTS ( Transaction Tracking System ) : Protects files from incomplete writes .
Tunnel mode With this technique , IP , IPX , SNA , and other packets are encrypted , then encapsulated into new IP packets for transport across the Internet .
Tunneling is a process of encapsulating datagrams into other datagrams for delivery across a network .
Tunneling is also often used to deliver nonroutable protocols such as SNA ( Systems Network Architecture ) or NetBEUI ( NetBIOS Extended User Interface ) across a routed network .
Tunneling is one technique .
Tunneling is the key to L2TP ( and other virtual dial - up services ) .
Tunnels are used to deliver data packets across networks that use different protocols than the source and destination network .
Turbo FAT : Indexes the file allocation tables of files over 2MB so that the locations of their segments are immediately available .
Tuxedo by BEA Systems and Encina by Transarc are transaction processing systems that now provide Web support .
Twelve tapes are labeled for each month of the year back up to these tapes at the end of each month .
Twisted - pair cable : 10Base - T uses twisted - pair cable with RJ - 45 connectors that can be up to 100 meters long .
Twisted - pair cable : This cable consists of copper - core wires surrounded by an insulator .
Twisted - pair cable constitutes the primary medium in the TIA / EIA - 568 - A Commercial Building Wiring Standard , which spells out the different types of cables and provides a general design for building a cabling system that is likely to be compatible with future network designs .
Twisted - pair cable has been used for decades to transmit both analog and digital information .
Twisted - pair cable then runs from the punchdown block to wall faceplates near workstations .
Twisted - pair wire is now the preferred wire for network cabling .
Twisted - pair wire used for network cabling is rated at 17 to 20 pF .
Twisted - pair wires connect homes and businesses to a neighborhood central office .
Twisted pair Ethernet ( 10BaseT ) is a starconfigured bus topology .
Twisting wire pairs cancels the positive and negative energy on the cable .
Twisting wire pairs is the primary method for reducing the effects of inductance , but the type of conductor and insulation also play a role .
Two - factor authentication helps to first identify a user and then authenticate the user .
Two - phase commit procedures ensure that writes are either properly committed in all locations or backed off in all locations .
Two - phase commit separates the writing of data into two phases , each ending with a verification of completeness .
Two ARQ strategies are outlined next :
Two backplane designs are used in hub or switch devices to allow LAN configuration : multibus backplanes or TDM ( time division multiplexing ) backplanes .
Two bits are set in this segment to indicate that this is a connection request .
Two bits per baud is known as dibit encoding and 3 bits per baud is known as tribit encoding .
Two competing line - encoding ( modulation ) schemes are currently used for ADSL .
Two competing modem standards are taking advantage of a technique that can provide up to 56 - Kbit / sec download speed to modem users .
Two computers engage in a session to coordinate the transfer of data .
Two distinct techniques are used on networks to transfer data : the connection - oriented method and the connectionless method .
Two encrypting routers are required , and an SA ( security association ) is set up between them .
Two examples are given next .
Two fibers carry traffic , while another two are in standby , or protect mode , ready to take over in the event of a service disruption .
Two important concepts in file compression are lossless and lossy :
Two important object technologies are Java and ActiveX .
Two initiatives having to do with digital signatures are DSig ( Digital Signature Initiative ) and PKI ( public - key infrastructure ) .
Two message - oriented middleware products are outlined below .
Two methods are available to strengthen these schemes : twofactor authentication and certificates .
Two of the channels provide 64 - Kbit / sec data or voice , and a third provides signaling to control the channels .
Two of those channels are used for signaling .
Two or more control characters , known as SYN characters , are inserted at the beginning of the bit stream by the sender .
Two or more users can work together and collaborate in real time using application sharing , whiteboard , and an IRC - compatible chat feature called Microsoft Chat .
Two or more users can work together and collaborate in real time using application sharing , whiteboard , and chat functionality .
Two organizations , the Graphics Communications Association and ANSI , went to work on the problem in the 1980s .
Two other interfaces are accessed depending on the nature of the target object :
Two other login scripts are the container login script and the profile login script .
Two other main sectors formed at this time were the ITU - R ( Radiocommunications Sector ) and the ITU - D ( Development Sector ) .
Two pairs of wires are required .
Two pairs of wires are used  one pair for receiving data and the other for transmitting data .
Two peer systems negotiate with one another to change PPP Multilink bandwidth as needed .
Two peer systems negotiate with one another to change PPP Multilink bandwidth as needed .
Two primary schemes have been developed to make use of encryption algorithms .
Two protocols emerged from JEPI : PEP ( Protocol Extensions Protocol ) and UPP ( Universal Payment Preamble ) .
Two schemes have been adopted by the Internet community to encapsulate and transmit IP datagrams over serial point - to - point links .
Two schemes have been adopted by the Internet community to provide these links : SLIP and PPP ( Point - to - Point Protocol ) .
Two separate channels are required for full duplex , either two separate wire pairs or two multiplexed channels .
Two standard tape formats use helical - scan technology : DAT ( Digital Audio Tape ) and 8 mm tape .
Two techniques  even parity or odd parity  are available and which method is used is up to the user .
Two types of cable can be used with this specification : Category 5 UTP and IBM 's Type 1 STP .
Two wires are twisted together to form a pair , and the pair form a balanced circuit .
Twofactor authentication schemes in which users enter a password as well as an access code generated by a " smart card " device are recommendeds for higher levels of security .
Type 1 : A connection oriented CBR ( constant bit rate ) service with timing for audio and video applications .
Type 2 : A connection oriented VBR ( variable bit rate ) service for realtime applications where minor loss is acceptable , and for nonrealtime VBR , such as transaction processing .
Type 2.1 nodes are different than other SNA nodes in that they run CP ( Control Point ) software that allows them to engage in peer to peer connections with other Type 2.1 nodes .
Type 3 / 4 : An ABR ( available bit rate ) service for nontimecritical applications such as LAN internetworking and LAN emulation .
Type 5 : A UBR ( unspecified bit rate ) service that provides spare bandwidth to noncritical services such as file transfers .
Type close to close the current session ( and open to access a different server ) .
Type of service : The various levels of speed and / or reliability .
Type this text in a text processor , changing any text you want , then open it with your Web browser :
Typical access rights or permissions include no permission , executeonly , writeonly , write / execute , readonly , read / execute , read / write , and read / write / execute .
Typical backend services include DBMSs ( database management systems ) , messaging systems ( for example , Lotus Notes and Microsoft Exchange ) , gateways to other systems such as IBM hosts , and network management systems .
Typical business activities that can be handled by EDI include distribution , finance and accounting , health care , manufacturing , purchasing , retail , tax form filing , transport , and shipping .
Typical connection options include dial - up , ISDN ( Integrated Services Digital Network ) , t1 and fractional T1 , and emerging services such as DSL ( Digital Subscriber Line ) .
Typical network resources tracked by accounting systems are listed here :
Typical transmission speeds range up to 10 Mbits / sec .
Typically , cas only assign certificates after first identifying the credentials of the person in much the same way that credit cards are issued .
Typically , central servers store a desktop configuration for each NC user .
Typically , each department or division has defined its own network needs in terms of operating systems , LAN topology , communication protocols , applications , e - mail systems , and other components .
Typically , more than one LU can take place at the same time .
Typically , request or response packets are continuously generated to correct the situation , often making matters worse .
Typically , the owner of a directory or file can change the ACLs .
Typically , users are accessing servers across internetwork boundaries , and router - connected networks are failing to provide the performance requirements demanded by users .
Typically , users can also change ACLs in their home directories .
Typically used for backbones and to interconnect servers .
U . C . Berkeley added TCP / IP networking and ported UNIX to the DEC VAX .
U . S . and international regulatory agencies provide standards that ensure that devices do not exceed certain emission levels .
U . S . Robotics ( now part of 3Com ) calls its technology X2 and Lucent / Rockwell Semiconductor Systems calls its technology K56flex .
UA ( user agent ) : The UA is a software component that runs in the computer of every user attached to the X.400 system .
UAs communicate with one another through the messaging system , and each UA has a unique name .
UDP gives applications a direct interface with IP and the ability to address a particular application process running on a host via a port number without setting up a connection session .
Ultimately , the access line between the customer and the network does determine the high - end data rate , but customers may choose to lease a line that has a data rate higher than the highest burst rate .
Ultra : A family of workstations that implement the UltraComputing architecture , high - speed UltraSPARC processors , high - bandwidth networking , and accelerated graphics .
Ultra Enterprise : A family of servers ranging from low - end systems to high - end , mainframe - like systems .
Ultra SCSI ( also called Fast 20 ) was the next advancement to this scheme .
UltraSPARC is the successor to SuperSPARC .
UN / EDIFACT ( United Nations / Electronic Data Interchange for Administration Commerce and Transport ) is an international EDI standard .
Under GIOP is the IIOP ( Internet Inter - ORB Protocol ) layer , which provides an interface to network topologies .
Under H.320 , the H.261 standard defines video image compression .
Under The Open Group umbrella , the two organizations work together to deliver technology innovations and widespread adoption of open systems specifications .
Under the X / Open UNIX branding program , digital has received the UNIX 95 brand for the Digital UNIX operating system , and is licensed to use the UNIX trademark in conjunction with the Digital UNIX product . " .
Under these main groups are subgroups such as comp . unix . admin and comp . unix . solarix .
Under this condition , a station may continue to send packets to an input port even though the congested server port is dropping packets .
Underground fiber optic cable and / or microwave transmission systems may be used to link distant buildings .
Underlying data formats , packet structures , or frame types are not important in the switching scheme .
Unfortunately , most class A network schemes were assigned to U . S . government agencies and large companies early in the history of the Internet , so if you have a network with 16 million hosts , you 're out of luck ! .
Unfortunately , the more modern definition of a hacker is someone that illegally breaks into a system .
Unfortunately , this filtering equipment prevents using higher frequencies to boost data transmission rates .
Unguided media : Refers to transmission of signals through air and space using radio signals .
UNI ( User Network Interface ) : Defines the connection between user equipment and ATM equipment .
UNI defines physical and protocol interfacing specifications for devices that are connected at the edges of ATM networks .
Unicasting is the traditional method of transmitting packets on the Internet .
Unimportant packets may include packets carrying electronic mail or packets downloaded from Internet Web sites by freeloading users .
Unipolar : In this scheme , 1s are represented by voltage and 0s by no voltage .
Universal in - boxes are another aspect of CTI .
Universities are common users , as are hospitals and city , county governments .
UNIX and the TCP / IP protocols are closely linked .
UNIX applications and tools are being ported to mainframes , and software that runs Windows NT applications on a System / 390 is available from Bristol Technology ( http : / / www . bristol . com ) .
UNIX are temporary files that store information that is being directed from one place to another .
UNIX File System : The UNIX file system is based on the hierarchical directory tree structure like the file systems mentioned above .
UNIX has three access file permissions  read , write , and execute  and these are issued to three categories of users : owner , group , and others .
UNIX includes some unique subdirectories where system files are stored , including / bin , / etc , and / dev .
UNIX is a multi user system that supports networking and distributed file systems such as Sun Microsystems ' NFS or the Open Software Foundation 's implementation of the AFS .
UNIX systems , Windows NT Server , and other operating systems currently support multihomed features .
Unlike a bridge , which simply passes information between two systems without conversion , a gateway repackages information or changes its syntax to match the destination system .
Unlike a leased line that has a fixed capacity that can never be exceeded , frame - relay PVCs can be stretched as needed .
Unlike a physical subnetwork in which stations are connected to the same coaxial cable segment or to the same shared hub , a VLAN is created by specifying which workstations will be members .
Unlike a radio broadcast that sends signals in all directions , microwave antennas are point - to - point communication systems .
Unlike contention - based networks , such as Ethernet , workstations on token - based networks do not compete for access to the network .
Unlike earth - based cellular systems in which people move in and out of cells , the cells move with the satellites .
Unlike hubs in Ethernet 10Base - T , the 100VG - AnyLAN hubs control access to the network , eliminating the need for workstations to sense for a carrier signal as is done with standard Ethernet 's CSMA / CD ( carrier sense multiple access / collision detection ) .
Unlike network layer protocols , which simply flood the network with packets that may follow different paths and arrive unorganized at the destination , transport layer streams are sequentially numbered to overcome delivery problems .
Unlike private networks or carrier - based VPNs , which have traditionally connected a company 's different sites , Internet VPNs can include everyone in the company , including mobile users and home workers .
Unlike SCSI , firewire devices do not need to be connected in a line and terminated at the end .
Unlike shared LANs , in which access to the network is mediated so that only one transmission can take place at a time , wan links must accommodate all the users that need to use it in a fair way , although prioritization of some traffic can also be done .
Unlike some middleware products , mom is not restricted to providing front - end clients with access to back - end data .
Unlike stripe cards , which have magnetic strips on the outside of the card , smart cards hold information internally and so are much more secure .
Unlike the NC , the NetPC contains PC components such as a hard disk and can run applications that are stored locally .
Unlike the Web , where a server contacts a single Web server , a sophisticated client / server application may need to contact multiple servers in different locations .
Unlike traditional client / server applications , a Web browser and server do not maintain a persistent link during the course of a user 's browsing session .
UNO is a specification developed by the OMG ( Object Management Group ) that supports interoperability among different ORBs ( object request brokers ) .
UNO is described in detail in Thomas J . Brando 's paper called " Interoperability and the CORBA Specification " referred to at the end of this topic .
Unreliable networks still exist , however  especially if you are building WANs in thirdworld countries or using wireless devices to transmit data .
Until 1996 , the telephone system consisted of the " baby " Bells , also called RBOCs ( regional Bell operating companies ) such as Ameritech , Pacific Bell , and others .
Until early 1996 , rboc and AT &amp; T services were regulated and prices were fixed for services .
Until recently , you went to one service provide for all your frame - relay needs .
Until recently it was a pricey tool , but low - priced components ( such as cameras ) , multimedia PCs , and an increasing demand for collaboration over the Internet and intranets has pushed the development of the technology .
Unwired Planet creates technology for the growing mobile cellular market and Internet information publishing .
Up to 1,024 stations are possible on a network without using bridges .
Up to 12 hubs can be attached to a central hub to expand the number of network stations .
Up to 32 nodes can be attached to a network segment .
Up to 48 ATM cells can be placed inside Ethernet frames .
Up to 63 devices can be added to the port at any time without rebooting the system .
Up to 63 devices can be connected to a single bus using twisted - pair cabling .
Up to 672 digital modem , ISDN , or 56 / 64 Kbit / sec frame relay sessions can run simultaneously .
Up to 96 ISDN basic - rate B channels ( 64 Kbits / sec each ) ISDN voice , video , or data service connections to internal or external users or systems .
Up to three shelves can be interconnected to provide redundancy and fault tolerance for central office applications .
Up until about 1995 , organizations were looking at complex middleware solutions and database access techniques to integrate their enterprise networks .
Up until the mid - 1980s , ibm and DEC could claim that many companies were using their products exclusively .
Updates may occur continuously or at predetermined time intervals .
Updating clients is easier because you only need to send them the updated components .
Upgrade from slower shared networks to switched networks that reduce contention .
Upgrades will be available in the form of installable drivers .
Upon arrival at a router , the datagrams are removed from the frames and repackaged into the frame type of the next network .
Upon first contact , the sender and receiver establish preferences for encrypting and handling secure messages .
Upon receipt , he or she runs the same one - way function on the contents of the document .
Upon sensing an excess load , a router would dial one or more additional lines to handle the excess load .
Upon the first access , the proxy server stores the cartoon in its cache .
UPS devices come in two forms : online and standby .
UPSs have a VA ( volt - ampere ) rating , which is the line voltage multiplied by the current .
URG ( urgent ) This bit is set to 1 if there is information in the Urgent Pointer field of the header .
Urgent pointer : This field can be used by the sender to indicate a location in the data where some urgent data is located .
USB also supplies power to some devices so they will not need power cords or batteries .
USB defines the ports and the bus topology with data transfer rates up to 12 Mbits / sec .
USB devices , including computer - telephony devices , will automatically configure when they are attached to the system .
USB eliminates many of the problems associated with the PC , such as the need to open the computer to install adapter cards , change dip switches , and configure IRQs ( interrupt requests ) .
USB even allows devices to communicate their power requirement needs with the USB host controller .
USB is a data communication standard for a peripheral bus that was developed by Intel and Microsoft .
USB was developed by Intel and Microsoft , and it is now built into all new Intel - based motherboards .
Use a newsgroup reader to read messages that have been posted to the newsgroup .
Use data migration techniques to keep some data available on near - line storage devices .
Use digital certificates to authenticate the Web client .
Use the cd command to switch directories .
Use the dir or ls command to list files on the FTP server .
Use the get command to download files or the put command to upload files .
Use the open command to specify the IP address or domain name of the FTP server to access .
Use the Windows NT operating system because of its secure logon and authentication .
Use these tapes for incremental or differential backup .
Use token - based authentication schemes or challenge / response schemes , both of which avoid sending passwords across the wire .
USENET is a newsgroup service for implementing discussion groups on the Internet and other TCP / IP - based networks .
USENET runs on the Internet and other TCP / IP - based networks and provides a way to exchange messages , articles , and bulletins throughout the Internet .
USENET servers use NNTP to exchange news articles among themselves .
User - to - server connections : Users run news readers , which are now included with most Web browsers .
User : An object that holds information about a user , i . e . , a user account .
User account information is stored in a database on a central Windows NT Server that is shared by all the Windows NT Servers in the domain .
User accounts are fundamental to the security of information systems .
User accounts hold information about the user , including any restrictions they have on a network .
User events , such as logon , logoff , connection termination , space restrictions , granting of trustee rights , and disabling of accounts .
User who work at the office and also work at home part - time .
Users ' e - mail addresses and passwords are enough to prove their identity , although more secure systems using certificates are available .
Users access a server that contains all the information they need on the outside of a firewall , thus protecting the inside network from potential intrusions .
Users access the Internet through firewall gateways , which means that all Internet traffic is funneled through the same location .
Users access the Web server and the Web server accesses back - end systems .
Users also need a connection to an ISP ( Internet service provider ) that supports IP multicast and MBone connections .
Users also need a connection to an ISP that supports IP multicast and MBone connections .
Users also need to factor in the price of modems , which are in the $ 500 to $ 1,000 range .
Users and administrators access this database to find other users or resources on the network .
Users anywhere simply dial in to a local Internet service provider , rather than in to the corporate network , using 800 numbers , modem pools , and remote access servers .
Users are also connecting to the Internet over these devices , and a special language called HDML ( Hand - held Device Markup Language ) has been devised just for this purpose .
Users are assigned accounts on systems and must supply the name of that account , along with a password to access it .
Users are billed in subminute billing units to accommodate short data bursts .
Users are distributed throughout organizations and not located in a single department .
Users are in charge of sharing resources on their systems , but if a Windows NT system is part of the network , it can provide a central place to create and store user accounts that other users can access when they want to define who can access the resources on their computer .
Users are often unaware that the files are from an optical disk , except for a slight delay in accessing the files while they are moved from near - line to online storage .
Users at remote sites can also access data on staging systems or servers located at their sites .
Users at workstations can avoid lines at the office fax machine by simply sending faxes from their desktop to the fax server .
Users can " dial " any location to set up a circuit , thus the connection is switched .
Users can " drill down " through the tree to locate people and resources .
Users can access data locally rather than accessing the master data over the WAN link .
Users can access data locally rather than over WAN connections .
Users can access information with DFS 's hierarchical view of network resources .
Users can access the service to locate a user and his or her e - mail address .
Users can access their desktop from anywhere on the network because personal information is stored centrally , rather than in one specific workstation .
Users can access their messages in the MS at any time .
Users can access these directory services to determine the address of a user or resource anywhere on the network .
Users can be distributed across multiple servers , and remote calendar lookups happen in real time using a distributed search mechanism .
Users can be equipped with inexpensive devices that are specifically designed to access information on an organizations servers .
Users can be granted a certain amount of time or access to resources , which gets used up as the user accesses the resources .
Users can browse message headers and download only specific messages .
Users can build a hierarchical message store on the server for storing messages .
Users can collaborate over the Internet by defining shared folders and files on systems that are connected to the Internet .
Users can connect with many different sites , unlike circuit - oriented networks in which a dedicated path exists between only two points .
Users can create documents with a word processor , spreadsheet program , or other program and embed or link objects in the documents .
Users can cut and paste on Web pages .
Users can dial a call , transfer calls , set up conference calls , or manage voice mail from the Windows desktop .
Users can easily share information with other users within the cell .
Users can log on from any location and their network environment remains the same .
Users can look up these unique names by accessing a directory service such as the one defined by the X.500 standard , which is described under the next topic , " X.500 Directory Services . .
Users can make and receive calls anywhere on the earth .
Users can manipulate files down to the record level , which is how FTAM stores files .
Users can obtain a log file for a particular time period or use database functions to search for messages related to a specific topic or sent by a person of interest .
Users can purchase one or more fractional lines without the need to purchase the full line and can add additional fractional lines at any time .
Users can review the headers of messages in their mailbox and choose to only download messages that interest them .
Users can selectively download from the server only the mail they want to read , or download only part of a message .
Users can share applications , exchange information through a shared clipboard , transfer files , use a shared whiteboard , and use text - based chat features .
Users can simply choose larger keys ( without degrading performance ) to minimize factoring threats .
Users can sketch pictures , draw diagrams , or paste in graphics from other applications and make changes as necessary for all to see .
Users can take advantage of the low cost of the Internet .
Users can therefore choose which interexchange carrier they want to use .
Users can travel anywhere in the world , and their handset will provide the system with information about their location .
Users carry the token card with them .
Users click buttons on Web pages that call up documents on servers throughout the organization or on the Internet .
Users connect with local Internet service providers , thus saving a long distance call .
Users dial in over what may be long - distance lines to access the server .
Users do not need to rely solely on their Web browsers to access Internet information , because with CIFS most existing applications can access that data directly by using the standard Open and Save dialog boxes that users are already familiar with .
Users don't need to know about the physical location of files .
Users download components at the sites they visit .
Users download components that are used for all future sessions .
Users enter the code along with their username and password when they log on .
Users enter this password during logon to gain access to a system .
Users equipped with personal computers can generate faxes in a number of ways .
Users gain single log - in , access to legacy data , reliability , file replication , and availability .
Users have the illusion that several programs are running at the same time .
Users hyperlink to servers on the other side of a network by clicking buttons on their Web browser .
Users in the same group can communicate with one another through the same hub without sending traffic all the way to the core hub , but the core hub provides a connection point to every other point in the network .
Users interact with a GUI ( graphical user interface ) that sends instructions back to the application running on the host .
Users interact with applications in frontend systems to make requests on backend systems .
Users interact with network - enabled software applications to make a network request ( such as to get a file or print on a network printer ) .
Users interact with the operating system through a shell , which is also a process that accepts user input and performs various tasks .
Users interface with the file system by working with files and directories , both of which can have various attributes such as read - only , read / write , execute , and so on .
Users log in once to access resources anywhere , as opposed to having to log in every time they attempt to access a resource .
Users log on and are authenticated for access to servers on the network .
Users log on once to gain access to shared resources on the SQL Server , the SNA Server , the Exchange Server , and the System Management Server .
Users may get permission to access folders or files from a number of sources .
Users may obtain these updates automatically when they log onto a server .
Users may take turns editing or controlling the application .
Users must be concerned with the level of access ( range and signal penetration ) , potential data transfer rates , and store - and - forward capabilities that allow users to pick up messages when they come back into range .
Users must have the right credentials in order to access files , and then they are restricted by the rights and permissions that have been assigned to their account for files .
Users must make sure that no one sees them type in their passwords .
Users need only install the components they need , not every component that makes up an application .
Users often converted files to simple ASCII text and transmitted them to one another using modems , losing formatting and control codes in the process .
Users on Banyan networks access and view resources logically , without needing to know where resources are physically located .
Users on different computer platforms should be able to exchange documents and retain formats even though the applications and operations are different .
Users on the business partner 's network may take advantage of the intercompany link to steal valuable information .
Users on the network or users dialing in can select from lists of documents by pressing buttons on their phone or choosing from a menu on their computer .
Users refer to remote file systems with an easy - to - use file - naming scheme .
Users run an SMTP - compatible mail client to connect with a POP server and download mail from their mailbox .
Users see only local resources rather than everything on the network , but they can still access internetwork resources if necessary .
Users see the entire network and need only log on once .
Users should be able to access that data without regard to its location .
Users should never be given more rights than they need in program and data directories .
Users still see the familiar Windows desktop and interface , but the server does most of the processing .
Users subscribe to a service that publishes information on the Internet .
Users that dial into the Internet will receive updates upon connection .
Users that have a continuous connection to the Internet will receive automatic and continuous desktop updates .
Users that move from office to office in the same building to attend meetings , give presentations , or work with other people .
Users tune their tuner to a Marimba transmitter site .
Users typically have full rights to their own directories , which means they can create new branching subdirectories and share files or directories with other users .
Users who have rights to access files , directories , or objects are usually called trustees of those files , directories , or objects .
Users who need migrated files access them by searching a familiar directory structure .
Users who work on the road at client sites and who need to connect with the home office .
Users will need to call you for an IP address since you don't want to depend on them to configure their own IP addresses .
Users with portable computers are allowed some mobility , typically within the immediate area of the transceiver .
Uses encrypted login mechanisms and flexible access control lists for directories and files .
Using a large allocation unit size is better for large files , but storing small files in large allocation units is a waste of disk space .
Using a PDN ( public data network ) saves you the trouble of contracting for the lines and setting up your own switching equipment .
Using a PDN saves you the trouble of contracting for the lines and setting up your own switching equipment .
Using a reliable multicast transport protocol would help applications better deal with delivery problems .
Using middleware for Web - based client / server development is quite a bit different than using middleware for in - house use , instead of developing applications to tie together a variety of in - house clients and servers , applications reach out to potentially millions of global users .
Using NCF as a framework , developers can work in a programming environment based on Java and JavaBeans to build collaboration services , messaging services , and Web applications .
Using pager devices to warn staff members who are not at the office .
Using smaller cells also reduces power requirements and ultimately leads to smaller devices .
Using stand - alone routers is often not acceptable in new switched environments due to the inherent delay caused by their store - and - forward operation .
Using standard interfaces and programming languages like ActiveX and Java , components from different developers and vendors can be combined .
Using the previous diplomatic analogy , assume the ambassador wants to send a message to the ambassador at the other embassy .
Using this feature to create VLANs is useful and flexible .
Using this scheme to separate control and data means that that control connection can be used while data is transferred .
Usually , a host receives duplicates of articles and must discard those duplicates  a time - consuming process and waste of bandwidth .
Usually , no money changes hands because the data flow and infrastructure usage is equal between the two ISPs .
Usually , there is no charge up to a certain rate .
Usually the cabling and other transmission media are privately owned and managed .
UTP supports 100 meters between nodes while fiber supports 2 kilometers between nodes .
UUCP is a " flood broadcast " mechanism .
UUNET only plans to peer with ISPs that operate national networks with dedicated and diverse DS - 3 ( or faster ) backbones with connections in at least four geographically diverse locations .
UUNET Technologies , one of the world 's largest ISPs , announced in early 1997 that it would only peer with ISPs that can route traffic on a bilateral and equitable basis , and that it will no longer accept peering requests from ISPs whose infrastructures do not allow for the exchange of similar traffic levels .
Vi nm trc y , h thng 4 b x l c gi l superserver .
Values are user - selectable , depending on the amount of image degradation that can be tolerated .
Vannevar Bush is usually noted as the first person to suggest using electronic technology to access cross - links and references .
VANs have created data networks that they make available to organizations at leased - line rates ( monthly charge ) or at dial - up rates ( per - use charge ) .
Variable length frames like those used in Ethernet are like the semi trucks .
Various levels of security can be set , including several authentication models .
Various protocols are available for providing bandwidth on demand during various times of the day or when traffic levels increase .
Various strategies are used to ensure that no two nodes gain access and transmit at the same time .
Various tunneling schemes were tried , but eventually IBM and other vendors agreed to extend IBM 's Data Link Switching specification to work over IP networks .
Various types of concentration equipment , most of which originated in the mainframe world , are covered next .
Various utilities are available that let you compress files one at a time or as a group .
Various vendors repackage the 8 mm Exabyte devices and provide special backup software and other add - ons to go with the drives .
VAX systems were manufactured in a range of sizes , from desktop systems to large - scale multiprocessing mainframes that service thousands of users .
VAX systems will also run software written for PDP systems .
VAXmail or All - In - 1 are used in the DEC environment .
VBNS ( Very high speed Backbone Network Service ) A network that would provide 155 Mbits / sec of bandwidth to connect supercomputer centers , research facilities , and educational institutions .
VC ( virtual channel ) : Logical connections between end stations .
VCards : Provides a way to exchange personal contact information .
VCI ( Virtual Channel Identifier ) : Identifies virtual channels between users or between users and networks .
VDSL ( Very high bit rate Digital Subscriber Line ) : VDSL is basically ADSL at much higher data rates .
Vendors are also integrating the standard into their proprietary systems .
Vendors have been locked into their traditional protocols , and X.500 is based on OSI .
Vendors have developed special systems for data warehousing .
Vendors implement RMON capability in network hubs , routers , and switches .
Vendors like to claim that they have been certified to these specifications , but according the NCSC , " security - level requirements are open to interpretations that change over time .
Vendors of NC devices are listed at the end of this topic .
Vendors provide MIFFs with their DMI - compliant products .
Vendors supporting the standard claim that CDMA can provide 20 to 40 times the capacity of analog cellular systems .
Vendors use electronic mail APIs to add connectivity to network operating systems .
Vendors who develop CTI applications write to the API on the top side .
Verisign ( http : / / www . verisign . com ) is a well - known certificate authority .
Verisign is providing digital authentication services through its Get - rEDI Digital ID Center , a Web - based enrollment site .
Verisign 's class 1 certificate , which you can obtain for free , contains only a user 's name and e - mail address .
Version 2.0 of Linux provides a cross - platform , 64 - bit kernel that supports SMP ( symmetrical multiprocessing ) .
Version numbers and licensing can be tracked and updated .
Video compression is usually done with special integrated circuits , rather than with software , which operates too slowly .
Video is often limited to small windows on the screen .
Videoconferencing and Desktop Video : Covers videoconferencing over intranets and the Internet .
Videoconferencing applications that allow users to collaborate over local networks , private WANs , or over the Internet .
Videoconferencing has become an established method for people to communicate while reducing traveling time and cost .
Videoconferencing is a concern for networks .
Videoconferencing requires quality of service ( QoS ) guarantees , meaning that a certain part of the network bandwidth must be set aside to ensure that packets arrive on time .
Videoconferencing systems should be connected directly to high - performance switches .
VIM is an electronic mail API ( application programming interface ) developed by Lotus and supported by Apple , Borland , IBM , MCI , Novell , Oracle , WordPerfect , and other electronic mail developers and vendors .
VINES first appeared in the 1980s , it provides full UNIX NFS ( Network File System ) support in its core services and TCP / IP for transport .
VINES provides enterprise network services that are not servercentric , but servicescentric .
VINES runs on an Intelbased processor system and supports Ethernet , token ring , or FDDI ( Fiber Distributed Data Interface ) network adapters .
Vint Cerf , one of the coinventors of TCP / IP and one of the pioneer developers of the ARPANET packet networks , is currently senior vice president of Internet architecture at MCI .
Virtual circuits are common in WANs and internal networks that use ATM backbones .
Virtual circuits can simulate the qualities of leased lines while providing more flexibility and cost savings .
Virtual circuits eliminate the overhead of routing but add administrative overhead such as path setup .
Virtual circuits extend from an ISR on one edge of the network to an ISR on the other edge .
Virtual circuits extend over the ATM network from one edge device to another .
Virtual circuits improve performance for long transmissions but are not necessary for short transmissions .
Virtual dial - up protocols are designed to support remote user access into the corporate network with what might be called personal tunnels .
Virtual dial - up protocols help organizations better manage their remote access capabilities and reduce connect charges by taking advantage of the Internet .
Virtual dial - up services : A tunnel for an individual user into a corporate site .
Virtual dial - up services let users at remote locations dial into a local ISP and obtain a secure tunnel through the Internet to the corporate office .
Virtual directories are commonly used in the Web server environment .
Virtual directories can distribute the load of a server farm .
Virtual Networks : How to build networks that emulate other networks .
Virtual networks are networks that are defined in software or through configuration switching on top of other networks .
Virtual Private Networking and Firewalls .
Virus detectors attempt to detect known viruses that have infected files or memory locations .
Virus Infections and How to Avoid Them .
Visit the CrossRoute Web site listed above for more details on this product .
Visit the VM home page at http : / / www . vm . ibm . com ( or http : / / vmdev . gpl . ibm . com ) .
VLAN ( virtual LAN ) can be configured on top of ATM switching environments , but routers are needed to move traffic between VLANs .
VLAN configuration and other VLAN issues are discussed further under VLAN ( Virtual LAN ) . .
VLAN Configuration Methods .
VLAN configurations that use layer 2 exclusively ( port configuration and MAC - based VLANs ) require that at least one port in each VLAN be set aside to provide a VLAN - to - router connection .
VLANs ( Virtual LANs ) are not supported .
VLANs are covered in more detail under " VLAN ( Virtual LAN ) . " .
VLANs are essential in organizations where users move from one group to another or the structure of the organization is such that members of the same workgroup are located in different physical locations .
VLANs built on switched networks have a lot more flexibility .
VLANs let scattered group members share common resources such as storage devices and be part of the same broadcast domain .
VLANs provide a solution .
VLANs support temporary workgroups with members at diverse locations .
VM ( Virtual Machine ) has long been recognized as a robust computing platform , spanning the entire IBM System / 390 family .
Voice - mail messages are attached to e - mail messages like any other MIME ( Multipurpose Internet Mail Extension ) attachment .
Voice - over - frame - relay routers are available from MICOM Communications Corp . ( http : / / www . micom . com ) and RAD Data Communications ( http : / / www . rad . com ) .
Voice / Data Networks : Describes how companies can use their data networks for voice .
Voice / Data Networks : How networks can transmit both voice and data .
Voice and data multiplexors are also required if you plan to mix both voice and data channels .
Voice and video information compresses well because it usually contains a lot of redundant information .
Voice calls are typically converted to digital data for transmission across these trunks .
Voice calls on telephone networks are an example .
Voice calls over frame relay are becoming more of a reality as discussed in the next section .
Voice channels can be combined or aggregated for higher - bandwidth requirements such as real - time video .
Voice converted to digital requires a 64Kbit / sec channel , which is the rate used worldwide for transmitting digital voice .
Voice Mail : As defined in this book , voice mail has to do with sending voice mail messages over data networks .
Voice mail has found its way into network communication technologies as users seek to unify all types of messaging , including e - mail and fax , in one place .
Voice over ATM : Discusses standards being developed to carry voice calls over ATM networks .
Voice over Frame Relay : Describes methods for delivering voice calls over frame - relay networks .
Voice over frame relay is all about transporting voice over frame relay networks .
Voice over the Internet , or VON , allows users to call worldwide for the cost of a local call .
Voice over the Internet : Discusses products , standards , and techniques for carrying voice calls over the Internet .
Voice signals are digitized by codecs ( coder - dec oders ) and 7 bits from each channel are placed in one of the slots .
Voice telephone services cannot operate on the same lines .
Voice VPN : In this scheme , a single carrier handles all your voice call switching .
Voicegrade telephone lines have a cutoff frequency at around 3,400 Hz 
VoIP is the name of a group of Internet telephony vendors that is defining the details for delivering real - time voice communication over the Internet and other IP networks .
Volume : An object that represents a physical volume of data storage .
Volumes appear as objects in the NDS ( Novell Directory Services ) directory tree , so they are easy to locate by administrators and users from anywhere on the network .
Volumes can be increased in size by simply adding another drive and making part of that drive available as a volume attachment .
Volumes can range in size from small to large .
Volumes can span multiple drives and provide many megabytes of storage .
Volumes consist of individual shares and those shares can be at many different locations .
Volunteers from industry and government carry out much of the technical work , so the success of ANSI 's work largely depends on the amount of participation by U . S . industry and U . S . government .
VPI ( Virtual Path Identifier ) : Identifies virtual paths between users or between users and networks .
VPIM defines how SMTP ( Simple Mail Transfer Protocol ) can become a common protocol for transporting messages between different voice - mail systems .
VPIM was still on its way to becoming an IETF standard at the time of this writing .
VPN ( Virtual Private Network ) : How to build private wide area networks over the Internet .
VPNs over the Internet are another alternative .
VRML files have the extension . wrl ( world ) and their own MIME type .
VRML is based on an ASCII file format and three - dimensional modeling environments originally developed at Silicon Graphics .
VRML provides an interface that delivers virtual graphical three - dimensional worlds to users of Web browsers without consuming an exorbitant amount of bandwidth .
VRML provides information that describes three - dimensional objects that can be rotated and viewed from varying distances .
VSE is a multi user , multitasking operating system that traditionally ran on IBM 43xx series computers , but now is available for other IBM systems .
Wall plate : A wall plate is a connector with an RJ plug .
WAN ( Wide Area Network ) : How to build wide area networks .
WAN links are achieved over X.25 , Frame Relay , ATM , and , most recently , the Internet .
WAN protocol analyzers are designed to handle a diversity of link configurations and a variety of layer 2 data link protocols .
WAN with slower ( 9,600 baud or less ) asynchronous links .
WANs link geographically dispersed offices in other cities or around the globe .
WANs using X.25 packet switching or T1 and satellite links .
Warns administrators when an attacker is attempting to breach the system .
WBEM ( Web - Based Enterprise Management ) was developed jointly by Microsoft , Compaq , and Cisco Systems and is supported by over 60 vendors .
WBEM allows data from a variety of sources to be " described , instantiated and accessed , regardless of the source . .
WBEM consists of the HMMS ( Hypermedia Management Schema ) object model for structuring data and HMMP , which provides a new communication protocol for transmitting management information over HTTP ( Hypertext Transfer Protocol ) .
WBEM is oriented toward Microsoft Windows platforms .
WBEM was developed jointly by Microsoft , Compaq , and Cisco Systems , and is supported by over 60 vendors .
WBEM was still under development at the time of this writing .
WDM ( wavelength division multiplexing ) is a variation of FDM that is used on fiber - optic cables .
WDM allows a single fiber - optic line to accommodate multiple light signals at different wavelengths .
WDM allows a single fiber - optic line to accommodate multiple light signals at different wavelengths .
WDM allows multiple channels of data to be transmitted at different frequencies on the same cable .
WDM is a FDM ( frequency division multiplexing ) technique for fiber - optic cable .
WDM is being employed to increase the capacity of the Internet backbone .
WDM is employed by carriers such as MCI to dramatically boost the data rates of their networks .
WDM is not just for carrier backbones .
WDM sends multiple signals through a single cable at different frequencies .
WDMA defines how multiple transmissions can be put on a fiber - optic cable system that is doing WDM ( wavelength division multiplexing ) , as described under the preceding topic .
WDMA divides each channel into a series of time slots and data from different sources can be assigned to a repeating set of time slots .
We still need routers , which cause performance problems when a lot of traffic must travel between VLANs , as is usually the case with intranets or networks in which all the servers are at a central location .
We will call these urouters for clarity .
We will refer to these attackers as hackers .
We will then search for new technologies to overcome those deficiencies , just as the enterprise network was supposed to overcome the confusion caused by the proliferation of departmental LANs .
Web - Based Document Management Products .
Web - based groupware ( intranet software ) is all the rage , and products are rapidly taking hold because they are generally inexpensive and take advantage of open Internet standards .
Web - based management systems are designed for managing intranets and Internet - based networks .
Web - based management systems are designed for managing intranets and Internet - based networks .
Web - based network management is all about monitoring and managing networks using Web technologies such as Web browsers and Web protocols .
Web - based network management takes advantage of the ubiquity of TCP / IP protocols , both on the intranet and the Internet .
Web browsers , electronic mail servers , and operating systems like Windows 95 have facilities for generating these keys .
Web browsers are becoming the primary network management interface .
Web browsers are providing a new way to get at corporate data , even when that data is stored on mainframe systems that use non - Web protocols .
Web browsers are universal clients that can connect with Web servers , no matter what computer platform or operating system is in use .
Web browsers have become a sort of " universal " client , so taking advantage of this technology will likely reduce training costs .
Web browsers have been designed for most computer platforms that can display this information .
Web browsers provide a unique tool for accessing information on any network , whether it is an internal intranet or the Internet .
Web browsers provide a universal client for accessing applications and resources on local and remote systems either within the organization or outside .
Web browsers provide a universal interface to documents on any Web server .
Web browsers running on UNIX , Macintosh , and Windows clients can access the same internal Web servers with no modifications .
Web browsers such as Netscape Navigator and Internet Explorer are Java - enabled and can run Java applications .
Web clients and Web servers communicate with one another using a protocol called HTTP ( Hypertext Transfer Protocol ) .
Web connections are slightly different , as shown on the right in Figure M - 18 .
Web development tools benefit developers , web site administrators , and users .
Web middleware : This is a relatively new category that encompasses many of the features of the above - mentioned middleware .
Web Middleware and Database Connectivity , .
Web page are compound documents that can hold text and individual objects like pictures , sounds , videos , Java applets , and ActiveX controls .
Web pages are typically grouped at a Web site , where the main page is referred to as the home page .
Web protocols are very efficient at delivering information over dial - up connections ; many users are already familiar with using Web browsers to access information .
Web requests are then sent to any one of the Web servers that is best able to handle the request .
Web server / proxy server cache Web servers cache often - accessed pages to improve access for Internet users .
Web servers and HTML provide an example of a document management system .
Web servers can provide a secure front - end  to  back - end database system or , with new distributed object technologies , users can be supplied with everything they need to directly connect over the Internet with back - end servers .
Web servers may provide any of the following to Web clients :
Web servers provide information that is formatted with HTML ( Hypertext Markup Language ) , which is basically a page description language .
Web site authors can personalize and customize the descriptions of their site , knowing that Web users will be looking through the descriptions as if looking through a table of contents for the site .
Web site hosting In this scheme , your Web pages are stored on the ISP 's computer .
Web site smart pull crawler managers , knowing that crawling is being used , can organize their sites in a way that makes it easier for crawlers to learn the structure of the site , and then create a CDF ( Channel Definition Format ) file that is basically an index of the Web site .
Web sites accept these Web dollars as if they are coupons .
Web sites for some available ORBs that take advantage of CORBA are listed here :
Web sites for these vendors are listed below under " Information on the Internet . .
Web sites may also be mirrored in different geographic locations to handle requests close to users .
Web technologies add a new dimension to distributed computing .
Web Technologies and Concepts : How Internet and Web technologies are changing networks .
Web technologies are also opening mainframe systems up to the rest of the network , allowing administrators to get rid of incompatible protocols and cumbersome gateways .
Web technologies are providing a new way to get at corporate data , even data stored on mainframe systems .
Web technology can also provide a way to get at mainframe data as well .
Web users make normal requests to Web servers , but these requests are handled by TP monitors , which pass them on to an appropriate server for processing .
Web users must have more direct access to back - end data .
WebNFS basically makes information on NFS servers ( versions 2 and 3 ) available to users of Web browsers and Java applets over the Internet .
WebNFS builds on NFS technology to bring file access and distribution to the Web .
WebNFS handles the task of locating these files , negotiating file access privileges , and locally mounting the files so users at remote locations can access them .
WebNFS has been designed to be much more efficient than NFS at bandwidth utilization over the Internet .
WebNFS is a complete file system for the Web , unlike FTP and HTTP .
WebNFS is described in RFC 2054 , at http : / / www . internic . net / rfc / rfc2054.txt .
WebNFS is Sun Microsystem 's attempt to bring a file system to the Internet .
WebNFS makes file access across the Internet as easy as accessing files on local systems .
WebNFS works through firewalls and implements features such as read - ahead and write - behind to improve data access over the Internet .
Well - known local area network systems are Ethernet , token ring , and FDDI ( Fiber Distributed Data Interface ) .
Well - known physical layer interfaces for data communication include EIA ( Electronic Industries Association ) RS - 232 and RS - 449 , the successor to RS - 232 .
Well - known physical layer interfaces for data communication include EIA RS - 232 and RS - 449 , the successor to RS - 232 .
WfM includes support for DMI , as described under " DMI ( Desktop Management Interface ) . " WfM would allow a technician to diagnose and upgrade a remote system while the user of that system continues working on other tasks .
WFQ ( Weighted Fair Queuing ) : Provides a way to handle delay - sensitive , high - priority traffic in an expeditious way while fairly sharing the remaining bandwidth between lower - priority traffic .
What are the fees for additional offerings such as disaster recovery services and equipment management ? .
What are the paths of the PVCs through the network ? .
What ARIS does is set up a virtual circuit through a network based on the forwarding paths already established by routers that use routing protocols such as OSPF ( Open Shortest Path First ) and BGP ( Border Gateway Protocol ) .
What happens if a server crashes during a write operation ? .
What happens is that signals arrive out of step with one another .
What IP offers is a higher - level internetwork addressing scheme similar to the way U . S . ZIP codes provide a way to identify individual cities throughout the nation .
What is different with the Internet is that these transactions take place over public networks between buyers and sellers who may not have had any previous business relationship .
What is distributed object technology ? A simple model is the Web and the relationship between Web browser and server .
What is important is the functionality provided on the outside of the box .
What is needed is a pervasive document standard .
What is needed is a system that can coordinate communication among objects running in different systems on networks and track transactions to make sure that operations are completed .
What is the significance of splitting the IP address in this way ? .
What it does have are fields in the header that identify a source and destination port address .
What kind of access is available into the frame - relay network ? .
What kind of problems are encountered with distributing applications across networks ? .
What kind of service guarantees are available and how are they available ( in the form of credits ) ? .
What makes voice and video over data networks a reality is compression , industry standards , and multimedia networks with high bandwidth and QoS .
What many so - called push services are doing is really pull .
What MIME does is provide standard ways to encode data types for transmission in electronic mail .
What MTS brings is a framework for building integrity into component - based applications .
What NUMA does that MPP systems do not is combine the memory in each node into a single virtual memory space .
What really happened to GOSIP over the years was that it caused vendors to include OSI in their products .
What RSVP can do is reserve bandwidth across a router - connected network by asking each router to reserve some of its bandwidth for a specific traffic flow .
What similar weapons will our network defenses face ? .
What SMDS offers is switched access to MAN services , allowing customers to pay for only the service used .
What tag switching does is add fixed - length labels of information to packets that provide switching nodes with immediate information about how to switch packets .
What this means is that Fibre Channel will transfer more data than ATM under comparable conditions .
What type of management facilities are available for monitoring and managing connections from your own site ? .
What was eventually hammered out was IPv6 , which supports all the other Internet protocols but is not backward - compatible with IPv4 .
What was needed was a way to quickly get data to another system , then let that system handle all the error checking and sequencing on its own .
What was needed was a way to quickly get data to another system .
What you need is another certificate from some other trusting entity that can prove the authenticity of the CA 's public key .
When 0 , the datagram is discarded .
When a base station begins to lose a user 's signal , it notifies base stations in all the surrounding cells that the user may be moving into their cells .
When a CA creates a certificate , it basically puts its seal of approval on the certificate by signing it with its private key .
When a client contacts a server , the server forwards a certificate signed by a CA ( certificate authority ) .
When a client needs to connect with another device , at least one VC is established to send data to that device .
When a client needs to contact a Web server on the Internet , the request is intercepted by the SOCKS server .
When a client requests a file ( or database records ) from a server , the file is placed in a cache at the client 's workstation .
When a client running a Web browser types a server name ( or IP address ) in the Address field of a browser , the browser locates the address on the network ( either an internal intranet or the Internet , depending on the connection ) , and a connection is made to the designated Web server .
When a component is put in a container , it must register and publish its interfaces so that other components know about it and know how to interact with it .
When a computer connects with another computer to access a particular service , an end - to - end connection is established and a socket is set up at each end of the connection .
When a computer is first started , a bootstrapping routine ( on ROM ) provides it with enough logic to obtain startup programs from a permanent storage device .
When a connection is being established , nodes will query other nodes about whether they have the resources to handle a particular connection .
When a datagram arrives at a router for transport across another network that has a smaller frame size , the datagram is fragmented and encapsulated into outgoing frames .
When a device wishes to transmit over a switching device or network , it simply attempts to get a dedicated circuit to that device .
When a directory is shared , users can access it from workstations attached to the network , based on permissions .
When a diskless TCP / IP workstation is booted on a network , it broadcasts a RARP request packet on the local network .
When a diskless TCP / IP workstation is booted on a network , it broadcasts a RARP request packet on the local network .
When a frame from a new source arrives at a port , the bridge makes an entry in its table that associates the frame 's source address with the port on which it arrived .
When a host is turned on , it connects with the ATMARP server .
When a link is accessed , the junction between two different DFS volumes is crossed and the server that provides the DFS root changes .
When a message is sent to the mailing list , it is exploded , meaning that duplicates of the message are sent to everyone on the list .
When a mobile node is attached to its home network , it operates without mobility services .
When a multicast source transmits a multicast datagram , the local router forwards the packet to other routers with attached networks that include members of the multicast group .
When a new entry is created , it obtains the attributes defined for the object class to which it belongs .
When a node needs a voice or higher - bandwidth connection , it makes a request to the hub .
When a node sees its own address in a packet , it copies the packet into its own memory .
When a packet arrives , the router then knows which router to forward the packet to so that it may reach its destination .
When a packet arrives at a network interface card , it is processed by the card 's MLID and passed to the LSL .
When a packet arrives at the switch , it is directed into a queue based on its priority level .
When a packet is crossing the Internet , all that matters is the network address .
When a packet is encapsulated , a new header is created which contains the unicast IP address of the mrouter at the other end of a tunnel .
When a packet is routed , only the network address is used , so routers only need to know about interconnected networks , not every host .
When a packet reaches its destination network , frames are removed from the packet and transmitted on the network using native protocols ( Ethernet , token ring , etc . ) and the MAC address in the frames .
When a personal computer is attached to a host through a terminal server , it runs a terminal emulation program that lets it mimic the communication protocols of a terminal .
When a port is scanned on which a station needs to transmit , the hub allows the station to transmit one frame .
When a process needs information , it first checks the cache .
When a request comes in from a Web client , it is shuttled to any server that can immediately process the request .
When a right and permission is granted to a user in a directory , the user typically inherits the same right or permission in subdirectories of that directory .
When a right is granted to a user in a directory , the user typically inherits the same right in subdirectories of that directory .
When a router extracts a datagram from a frame , it looks at the destination IP address and then makes a decision about where to route it .
When a router gets involved and connections are made over wide area network links , ncp causes traffic congestion .
When a router receives a packet , it temporarily stores the packet and examines its header to determine where the packet should be forwarded , to evaluate whether the packet is corrupted , and to check its hop count .
When a router receives new routing table information , it goes through a process to consolidate this information with the routing information it already has .
When a server is dedicated , there is little chance that users or applications will disturb the network operating system or slow down its performance .
When a signal from a workstation arrives , the hub broadcasts it on all output lines .
When a signal is modulated , it is added to a carrier signal so that the receiving station can " tune in " to the carrier signal and receive the signal that was modulated onto the carrier .
When a station finds a frame that is addressed to it , it reads the entire frame into its buffer .
When a station wants to transmit , it chooses the bus that will send data in the direction of the destination .
When a supervisor specifically changes rights , it means that he or she blocks the rights from being inherited in the subdirectory for all users , for a group of users , or for a single user .
When a switch connects two ports , no other computers vie for access to the line that connects the two computers .
When a tag edge router receives a packet , it examines the packet header information in order to determine a router for the packet through the network .
When a terminal is switched on , for example , a line called data terminal ready is activated .
When a TGS receives a request for a ticket that includes the TGT , it uses the information in the TGT to validate the user and does not require the user to reenter a password .
When a transaction begins , a transaction object is created by the TM ( Transaction Manager ) to represent the transaction .
When a user attempts to access some resource like a file , the type of access requested is compared to the ACL .
When a user attempts to gain access to a secure system , the secure system first prompts the user for a name and password .
When a user connects with a Web server , objects such as text , graphics , Java applets , and ActiveX controls are downloaded into the Web browser .
When a user contacts a server , the server responds with a challenge ( also called a nonce ) .
When a user creates a message , the UA background process submits the messages for deliver to the MTA .
When a user displays the HTML document in his or her Web browser , the external reference pulls up the file .
When a user in a VLAN broadcasts a message , all the users in the VLAN hear the message , even though their computers are attached at a variety of physical locations on the network .
When a user logs in , the login script for the container they belong to runs .
When a user logs on , a hash of the password is created and compared to the hash in the password file .
When a user makes a request to a Web server by its name , the router determines which one of the IP addresses can best handle the request and forwards the request to that server .
When a user needs to access some computer , the NetBIOS name is referenced , and this name is handed to the nearest WINS server , which then returns an IP address .
When a user runs an application , he or she does so through sessions .
When a user turns a phone on , its phone number and serial number are broadcast within the local cell .
When a user visits an ActiveX Web site , activex controls are downloaded to the user 's browser , where they remain in case the user visits the site again .
When a Web browser accesses a Web server , it requests a specific HTML page on that server .
When a Web client accesses a Web site , a default or home Web page in the HTML format is transmitted to the user .
When a Web user accesses a Web site , the server at the site must build dynamic pages , based on the user 's request , that include not only text , but images , sound , and even video .
When a Web user visits a Java - enabled or ActiveX - enabled Web site , the appropriate components download to the user 's computer .
When a workstation attaches to the hub , the ring extends out to the workstation through the cable and back again to the hub .
When a workstation boots , it broadcasts a BOOTP message on the network .
When all the keys are in use , other users can't access applications until a key becomes available or more keys are added .
When an active document is opened , that is when updates can occur , but if necessary , an active document can be continuously updated .
When an application such as FTP ( File Transfer Protocol ) needs to send a file from one computer to another , it can select from several transmission modes . A concern with any long data transmission is that the transmission might be interrupted or part of the transmission might be corrupted .
When an error occurs , the receivers must signal the sender .
When an Ethernet station transmits , all the other stations on the network can hear the message , but only the station to which the message is addressed responds .
When an HDLC session is established , one station , called the primary station , is designated to manage the flow of data .
When an organization applies for a domain name , it chooses a name that includes one of the domain names listed above .
When an unsuspecting user receives the document and executes a macro , the virus executes and does its damage .
When analog telephone lines are the communication media , the DCE is a modem .
When application developers write applications that use TCP / IP networks , they can have the applications access network resources through two interfaces : TCP ( Transmission Control Protocol ) or UDP ( User Datagram Protocol ) .
When attaching Category 5 cable to patch panels and wall plates , it should not be untwisted more than one half inch from the end of the cable to avoid crosstalk and other problems .
When auditing is in place , vast amounts of information may be recorded and even archived for future reference .
When Bob receives the message , he calculates the same one - way function on the message , then compares his resulting message digest with the one sent with the message by Alice .
When bridges use leased lines to span wide areas , it is not economically feasible in the minds of most network managers to block the line and only use it for a backup .
When bridging Ethernet or token ring networks onto an FDDI backbone , the frame must be repackaged for transport over the network .
When buffers overflow , frames are usually dropped , so it is useful for the receiver to have some way to tell the sender to slow down or stop sending frames .
When clients log on , they request an IP address from the server , and the server provides an IP address from its pool of available addresses .
When communication between systems is critical and there is a chance the communication link could be severed , it 's a good idea to create a redundant link .
When compared to SNMP , rmon provides superior traffic collection and reporting capabilities .
When compared to the TCP / IP protocol suite , ipx provides routing and internetwork services similar to IP , and SPX provides transport layer services similar to TCP ( Transmission Control Protocol ) .
When computer B transmits , it sends a message that is broadcast to all the computers in the Marketing VLAN , which includes computers E , G , H , and J .
When congestion occurs , packets may be lost or dropped .
When connected to an ATM WAN , the UNI is the leased line link between the customer site and the carrier access point .
When contention does occur , all stations wait for a random amount of time , then attempt access again .
When creating passwords , never use real words .
When customers buy a PVC , they specify a capacity in the form of the CIR ( committed information rate ) .
When data is distributed over many database servers , various protection mechanisms are required to ensure that data is properly written to all databases .
When data is transferred to the staging systems , it must be " preprocessed " either by the database analysts or by applications specifically designed for the task .
When data is transmitted between two systems , the recipient can acknowledge that it received the data .
When data is transmitted between two systems , the recipient can acknowledge that it received the data .
When devices exchange data , there is a flow or stream of information between the two .
When discrepancies do occur , errordetection and correction mechanisms can request a retransmission .
When discussing data link layer protocols , the unit of transmission is the frame .
When established in 1998 , it will provide wireless telephone services by using low - orbit satellites and connections into the existing telephone system .
When everything is set up , data transmission begins , and when data transmission ends , the primary station sends a frame to initiate a disconnection of the session .
When files are contaminated , they may increase in size , so it is relatively easy for a virus detection program to report such problems .
When FM is used to transmit digital signals , it is called FSK ( frequency - shift keying ) because only two frequencies are transmitted .
When gigabytes of information must be available at all times .
When information content changes or new information is added , the subscriber is automatically updated .
When installing a card , it is a good idea to determine the card address and write it down for future reference .
When it comes to choosing videoconferencing systems , buyers should have a clear idea of how the system will be used because there are many trade - offs between price and functionality .
When Joe wants to send a secure message to Sue , he obtains Sue 's public key from the security server , encrypts the message with it , and sends it to Sue .
When LANs are interconnected , the MTU size becomes important .
When MIME ( Multipurpose Internet Mail Extension ) was introduced as a way to add binary attachments to e - mail , pem became less important because of its support for only 7 - bit text messages .
When more than T1 and less than T3 is required , ima provides a solution .
When multiple lines are combined , some method is needed to divide data among the channels and recombine it at the other end .
When multiple users attempt to access the system at the same time , collisions , backoffs , random waits , and retransmissions occur , which throw off a " pure " measurement .
When NSF shut down the NSFnet , it also awarded MCI a five - year contract to develop the vBNS , a high - speed next generation backbone network designed for delivering massive amounts of voice , data , and video at speeds nearly four times faster than current technology .
When one computer transmits frames , all nodes on the network " listen " to the frames , but only the node to which the frames are addressed actually receives the frames .
When one computer transmits frames , all nodes on the network " listen " to the frames but only the node to which the frames are addressed actually receives the frames .
When one customer is not using bandwidth , it is available for others to use .
When one modem " calls " another , the destination modem answers and a signal exchange takes place that establishes the parameters for a communication session .
When one port is linked to another , data from the input port moves into the slot changer , where the order of the slots is rearranged to match the current switching configuration .
When one station transmits , all the other stations on the same network must hear the transmission .
When one TCP / IP system connects with another TCP / IP system over a serial point - to - point communication line some way is needed to transport IP packets across the serial link .
When packets from the outside arrive at the gateway , they are examined and evaluated to determine if the security policy allows the packet to enter into the internal network .
When packets from the outside arrive at the gateway , they are examined and evaluated to determine if the security policy allows the packet to enter into the internal network .
When packets travel across internetworks , they may encounter networks that cannot handle large packet sizes .
When PCs came into use , hardware or software emulation was used to make the PC appear to be a 3270 terminal .
When properly implemented , they provide a high level of authenticity for electronic messages .
When purchasing a battery backup system , you need to know the following about the devices :
When segments are joined to trunks with repeaters , the repeater counts as a station , allowing only 29 additional stations .
When several users are manipulating the same data , does one user 's write operation take precedence over another 's , or does the last write have precedence ? .
When shielded cable is used , 260 stations are generally allowed per ring with a maximum distance from workstation to MAU of 101 meters .
When someone must be moved to another workgroup or subnetwork , the patch cable on the port leading to that individual 's computer is moved to another port on the network hub or switch .
When someone wants to add a new regional network , a request is made on the MBone mailing list ( available at http : / / www . mbone . com ) .
When SPX is used , packets are not exchanged until a session is established between the two communicating systems .
When T1 lines are used to connect a company 's local and remote office , the resulting network is called a private network and is pictured on the left in Figure T - 1 .
When the ALU exceeds the threshold for a specified period of time , the Pipeline 75 attempts to add channels .
When the ALU falls below the threshold for a specified period of time , it then removes the channels .
When the batteries need to be replaced .
When the call is received , the receiver converts the data if the tag indicates that the two machines represent data differently .
When the client receives this response , the user is prompted for a password that can decrypt the response .
When the computer gets access to the network , it broadcasts the frame , and all other stations on the same network segment read the address in the frame to determine if it is addressed to them .
When the computer moves to another network , datagrams still arrive for the user at the home network .
When the consolidation is complete , the router has the most recent routing information .
When the demand falls back , the second line is automatically disconnected to save phone charges .
When the destination receives the echo request message , it responds by sending an ICMP echo reply message .
When the destination receives these fragments , they are reassembled and handed to the application layer on that system .
When the ISP 's NAS receives frames from the remote client over the PPP link , they are stripped of any link framing or transparency bytes , encapsulated in L2TP , and forwarded over the tunnel .
When the keys are gone , other users can't access applications until a key frees up or more keys are added .
When the lines are digital , the DCE is a CSU / DSU ( channel service unit / data service unit ) .
When the LLC receives information from the network layer , it frames the information for an appropriate port on the destination system .
When the mobile node moves , it continues to communicate with other Internet nodes via its " home " IP address .
When the network is busy , higher class users are given circuit priority , but pay for that status .
When the NIC is installed into a computer and the computer is attached to a network , the address on the NIC serves as the network address for the computer .
When the node needs information from another node , it looks in its local cache and retrieves it from the other node .
When the number of concurrent logons is restricted , users attempting to log on after the maximum value is reached see a message that the server is unavailable . Administrators can also log off any user at any time .
When the outside system responds to your request , the firewall server compares the received packets with the saved state to determine if they are allowed in .
When the packet arrives at the destination network , it is removed from the packet and forwarded on the network .
When the packet arrives at the other system , it moves up through the protocol stack , and information for each entity is stripped off the packet and passed to the entity .
When the packet reaches the bridge attached to the destination network , it is unpackaged and sent to the destination .
When the packet reaches the bridge for the destination network , it is unpackaged and sent to the destination .
When the packet reaches the destination network that is using subnetting , routers on that network must be aware of the subnetting scheme so they can properly break out the three - part subnet addressing scheme from the normal two - part address .
When the packet reaches the LAN to which the destination machine is attached , the router then uses the MAC address to forward the message to the computer on that LAN .
When the recipient responds , tcp then starts passing more information to IP for delivery , making sure that IP doesn't go out of control .
When the recipient systems receive the PATH command , they indicate their willingness to participate in the session by returning a RESV command back across the same route .
When the response arrives from the Web server , the SOCKS server evaluates the packet before relaying it to the internal client .
When the router receives this message , it recognizes destination 's IP address and repackages the message as a frame to be delivered on network 100.20.11.0 with a header that contains destination 's MAC address .
When the server receives this segment , it checks to make sure that the specified port is available and , if so , returns an acknowledgment segment back to the client .
When the system is brought back up , incomplete transactions are backed out .
When the system is first installed , an administrator enables auditing and creates the auditor account .
When the tag switch receives the packet , all it needs to do is look at the tag information in the packet and switch the packet .
When the terminal sees this line active , data transmission can begin .
When the transmission is complete , the device signals the completion so wiring closets and data center devices can free up associated resources .
When the two ports are connected , they essentially become a single network segment .
When the user attempts to access a server , the TGT is sent to the TGS .
When the user returns to the office , documents are queued up for printing .
When the Web server responds to the request , the proxy server receives the responses and forwards them to the internal client .
When these department LANs are interconnected , the network cable can form a bridge between the two grounded systems that causes transient energy to seek equilibrium by flowing from ground to ground .
When they are ready to buy , they authorize payment from their wallet , which holds credit information .
When traffic loads are heavy , the additional connections are made to accommodate the traffic requirements .
When transmitting digital data over analog systems , the higher the frequency , the higher the data rate .
When two DSVD - capable modems are communicating , users can voice chat while collaborating on a project or playing a game .
When two LAPM modems establish a session as pictured in Figure L - 4 b , they transmit data in frames using bit - oriented synchronous techniques .
When two systems need to communicate , they must use the same network protocols .
When two systems perform initial session negotiations , they also indicate their ability to establish multilink connections .
When undergoing evaluation , each vendor negotiates with the NSA about whether or not the details of its particular system implementation conform with the abstract security policy concepts in the NSA 's books .
When users are removed from a group , they still retain an account on the system , but any rights they had with the group are no longer valid .
When users connect to the mail server , their e - mail name is used to verify who they are and give them access to their mailbox .
When users in one VLAN need to communicate with users in another VLAN , routing is necessary to establish a path between the VLANs .
When users log in , they are prompted for the value on the SecurID card .
When Web clients connect to one of the domains , they cannot tell they are accessing a system that is supporting other domains .
When you access Web sites on the Internet , you can type the IP address of the site or the DNS name .
When you advertise routes to other autonomous systems , one way of thinking of those route ' advertisements ' is as ' promises ' to carry data to the IP space represented in the route being advertised . 
When you click a hyperlink , you jump to another part of the same page , a new page at the same Web site , or to another Web site .
When you click an item in the table , you will jump to a lower section in the document .
When you click this option , information is pulled from a server in the Marketing department .
When you configure a host or router with an IP address , a subnet mask must also be specified .
When you connect to the Internet , you must obtain an IP address from the InterNIC ( http : / / www . internic . net ) .
When you format a partition on a disk drive with the NTFS file system , the partition is initialized as an NTFS volume .
When you link your sites with frame relay , you basically create a virtual private network , or VPN .
When you make a call , you get a dedicated frequency for transmitting and another dedicated frequency for receiving .
When you negotiate a virtual circuit from a carrier , you specify a CIR ( committed information rate ) , which is basically the average data rate requirement for the virtual circuit .
When you pick up the phone , no one else is on that line because it is your private line .
When you purchase a disk drive , it has a certain capacity that is obtained using an encoding scheme .
When you purchase ADSL modems , make sure that devices that you intend to connect to support the same encoding techniques .
When you receive the message , you decrypt it with your private key .
When you request a file transfer , the file 's data is transferred across a different connection , and that connection is taken down when the file transfer completes .
When you save a compound document , you save all the text and objects under the same filename even though objects remain as separate files for editing or inclusion in other documents .
When you send a message on the local network , the MAC address of the destination on that network is used .
When you share a folder , all the files and all the subfolders in it are shared as well .
When you start FTP and connect with an FTP server , a connection is opened to that server that remains open ( is persistent ) until you type the close command .
When you tune in to a particular class D address , you receive packets that are being multicast by other systems that multicast on the address .
When you turn the dial of a radio , you are selecting a carrier frequency .
When you type a domain name in a Web browser , a query is sent to the primary DNS server defined in your Web browser 's configuration dialog box .
When you type this request , the Web browser first gets the IP address of the White House from a nearby DNS server , then it connects with the target server .
When you type this request , the Web browser first gets the IP address of www . tec - ref . com from a DNS ( Domain Name System ) server , and then it connects with the target server .
When your broker receives this message , he or she runs the same hash function on your message , which should produce a message digest that matches the one you sent in the message .
When your friend receives this message , she first decrypts it with her private key , then decrypts it again with your public key .
Whenever possible , separate document files from program files and organize the structure in a way that makes backup easier .
Whereas a traditional bridge has two ports to join two LAN segments , a switch has an array of ports for joining more than two segments .
Whereas frames are used to transmit information on subnetworks , ip datagrams are the " envelopes " for transmitting information across the internetwork .
Whether cable companies will actually do this upgrade is a question .
Whether the components are due for an upgrade .
Whether the device warns you when the batteries can no longer provide backup power .
Whether the UPS includes power - conditioning features that can clip incoming transient noise .
Whether the UPS provides a warning system to the server when the UPS is operating on standby power .
Whether they have the money to do it is another question .
While a bus on a hub can be compared to the bus on a computer motherboard , its requirements are quite different .
While a server can have one large volume called SYS , additional volumes can be created as necessary with a name of choice .
While a single power source is beneficial , it is usually impractical on large networks .
While accessing a mailbox , any outgoing messages are uploaded and forwarded as necessary .
While adjoining cells never use the same frequency , cells elsewhere in the grid might do so .
While airplane pilots obviously have the ability to fly from one airport to another on their own , doing so on a busy flying day would be unsafe without the traffic controllers .
While all nodes can hear a broadcast from one station to another , only the intended recipient of the broadcast bothers to receive it , so during the time of the transmission , a point - to - point connection exists between the systems .
While an SMP system consists of a group of processors that share the same memory and bus , an MPP system consists of multiple nodes , with each node being like a separate SMP system .
While Apple will continue to support AppleTalk networking in future operating systems , the new direction is Apple Open Transport , which supports not only AppleTalk but TCP / IP and , eventually , other protocols such as IPX .
While AT &amp; T largely controlled the standardization of the original modem standards , the CCITT ( Consultative Committee for International Telephony and Telegraphy ) , established as part of the United Nations ' ITU ( International Telecommunication Union ) , controls most standardization today .
While ATM was built from the ground up to provide QoS , the IETF ( Internet Engineering Task Force ) is working to develop protocols that can provide the same QoS features over IP networks and the Internet .
While Authenticode is a Microsoft initiative , netscape and JavaSoft have developed their own code signing technology called JAR ( Java Archive Format ) .
While BISYNC is a halfduplex protocol , it will synchronize in both directions on a fullduplex channel .
While both CMIP and the Internet SNMP ( Simple Network Management Protocol ) define network management standards , cmip is richer in functionality .
While buffers are necessary in switches , they point out an inherent flaw .
While bus topologies are easy to install because they conform well to office layouts , a break in the trunk cable will disable the entire network .
While carrier - based VPNs can provide service guarantees with virtual circuits , setting up and using Internet VPNs is a lot easier and cheaper although getting service and bandwidth guarantees is a problem but those guarantees may not be an issue .
While coaxial cable is the traditional media for Ethernet and ARCNET networks , twisted - pair and fiber - optic cable are more common today .
While commonly used , ospf is now taking its place .
While components written to the COM specification use DCOM to communicate over networks , there is a need to register components and coordinate their activities when critical transactions are taking place .
While customers may have a strong need for these custom features , they also have a need to connect with the Internet and exchange messages on a global scale .
While datagrams are addressed to a specific computer on an internetwork , frames are addressed to a specific computer on a network segment .
While desktop operating systems like Windows 95 provide file sharing , such peer - to - peer systems provide limited security .
While early designs called for digitizing voice at 13 Kbits / sec , working systems use a rate of 8 Kbits / sec .
While frames are defined on the physical transmission medium , higher level protocols put information into packets .
While Gigabit Ethernet can improve backbone performance , local network traffic may still suffer from bottlenecks due to the shared nature of the LANs or the collisions caused under heavy traffic loads on Ethernet networks .
While GOSIP requires OSI for procurement , what people ended up using was TCP / IP .
While HIPPI can be used for point - to - point connections , a more common setup is to use a switch with from 8 to 32 ports .
While humans use domain names , they are resolved into IP addresses by DNS ( Domain Name System ) for general addressing on IP internetworks .
While in the vicinity of a cell , mobile phone users are under the control of the transmitter / receiver in that cell .
While inexpensive , extending a private network across the public Internet has security and privacy implications .
While input buffers can prevent lost frames on the input side , what if the device on the output port is congested ? Do you need output buffers as well ? Consider the case of a server attached to a high - speed port on the switch .
While interior routing protocols are used within a domain , exterior routing protocols provide a way for two neighboring routers located at the edges of their respective domains to exchange messages and information .
While intranet technologies have emerged only recently , they take a different approach to consolidating networks than the traditional enterprise computing strategy .
While IP Multicast defines how to set up multicast groups , rtp defines how to transport real - time information to the members of the groups and monitor the quality of the information that is delivered .
While IP Multicast is good at what it does , it is an unreliable connectionless mechanism .
While IP provides an efficient data delivery mechanism , tcp makes up for its deficiencies by providing reliable services .
While IPSec is specifically designed for IP , l2tp supports IP and other protocols .
While ISDN is primarily a circuit - based service , frame relay was designed into the service to provide short - duration communication links between router - connected devices .
While it is probably a better system than the Internet mail protocols , it is difficult to manage and use .
While Java and ActiveX compete in the market , there is a considerable amount of support for running both in the same environments , so you don't need to choose one over the other .
While just about anybody could enter the market yard , only trusted people and people with special credentials were allowed into the inner perimeters of the castle .
While magnetic tape offers a convenient , removable , and economical storage media , its sequential access method makes it unsuitable for online data retrieval .
While many desktop computer applications provide search capabilities , the term has become synonymous with search algorithms that find information on the Web or on intranets .
While Microsoft 's ODBC ( Open Database Connectivity ) will continue to provide a unified way to access relational data .
While most LAN technologies and optical cable networks reduce errors considerably , wireless networks and WAN links have high error rates .
While most people are familiar with infrared as implemented in remote control devices , its use in computer communications is of considerable interest to the portable computing device industry .
While most rights have the same end goal , there are slight differences in their names and usage .
While most supercomputers implement NUMA , Sun Microsystems has implemented the SMP architecture in its UltraHPC supercomputer system .
While MPP systems can be scaled up to hundreds or even thousands of processors , software is difficult to write for the systems because nothing is shared among the nodes .
While multicasting is possible on a variety of networks , this topic concentrates on Internet multicasting .
While NAPs and MAEs provide switching , they don't provide routing services .
While NFS is available in the public domain and from many vendors , Sun Microsystems also sells and supports the service .
While no information is lost in lossless compression , compression ratios usually only achieve a 2 : 1 compression .
While noise may be minor , attenuation can enhance its effects .
While NTFS provides a high level of security through its permission system , it is important to understand that this security is available only when the Windows NT operating system is up and running .
While on - site , information can be collected to help in the attack , such as information stored on desktop computers or passwords left on sticky notes ! .
While one thread executes a remote procedure call , another thread can process user input .
While originally developed for Novell NetWare 4.x , novell now makes the services available for other platforms .
While phone calls on the Internet rarely achieve the level of quality of circuit - switched calls , the quality is improving ; the connection is often as good as or better than cellular , which is prone to packet errors and distortion due to its wireless nature .
While QoS is built in to ATM , applications must be specifically designed to access those services ( see " WinSock " ) .
While related to SGML , it provides many advanced features . Documents written in HTML will display in a Web browser on any system .
While replication is not necessarily a backup technique , replicated data on remote servers can be made available to local users should the server close to them go down .
While rewritable disks store large amounts of information , there are limitations in the number of times you can actually rewrite the disks .
While routers typically handle 500,000 to 1 million packets per second , ip switching techniques can provide up to 10 times that amount .
While routing adds the advantages of subnetworking back into the flat switched network topology , routing packets is slower than switching them .
While S / MIME uses RSA ( Rivest , Shamir , Adleman ) public - key algorithms , pgp uses Diffie - Hellman public - key algorithms .
While sampling at this rate is impractical for voice or music , it illustrates how each sample records a different amplitude value for the sound .
While SLIP is the original protocol , ppp predominates because it also works with other protocols such as IPX ( Internetwork Packet Exchange ) .
While SNA was designed for centralized IBM - only mainframe computing environments , it was inadequate in peer - to - peer , client / server , multi vendor , and multiprotocol network environments .
While SOM and DSOM provide low - level languages to developers of object - oriented applications , its VisualAge product provides object - oriented tools for creating graphical interface applications without any knowledge of the programming language .
While SQL is a standard , each DBMS may implement SQL in a different way .
While SQL provided a standard for accessing databases , there were differences in the way each system was implemented .
While such backups are usually slow , they allow the backup operator to back up individual files as they change between backup .
While TCP is a connection - oriented transport service with a number of features that provide reliable data delivery , udp is a connectionless transport service that dispenses with the reliability services provide by TCP .
While the 3,000 Hz bandwidth is fine for voice , high - speed data transmissions are severely restricted by it .
While the concept is good , at this writing , at least three organizations were working on cable modem standards , and there was some doubt whether the cable companies would actually upgrade their infrastructure for use as a massive data system .
While the data link layer is used to control communication between two devices that are directly connected together , the network layer provides internetwork services .
While the e - mail system defined in RFC 822 worked well at the time , it clearly has limitations given todays multimedia data types .
While the four original NAPs were funded by the NSF , many other Internet exchanges have been built :
While the Internet Protocol 's 32 - bit address space can in theory provide up to two billion addresses , a class system was implemented that makes inefficient use of the addresses .
While the Internet was originally conceived as a communication network for researchers , today it is used by millions of people in business , in education , or for just plain communication .
While the Kerberos scheme implements symmetric ( single - key or secret - key ) encryption techniques , some vendors are supporting public - key authentication schemes for the initial user authentication .
While the LAN provided a connection from a network node to a connected host , those LAN nodes could also use LU 6.2 to communicate directly with other LAN nodes rather than go through the host .
While the network physically appears as a star configuration , internally , signals travel around the network from one station to the next in a ring .
While the SPARC processor was originally designed for high - end workstations , it has evolved in two directions to support low - cost desktop systems and high - end engineering / scientific workstations and server systems .
While the standards define a top speed , line noise , distance , and the topology of the switching system between two modems can lower the actual data rate .
While the term campus network obviously refers to networks that exist on university campuses , it also refers to networks in local geographic areas , such as business parks , administrative centers , government centers , research centers , and medical centers .
While the wire itself can handle higher frequencies ,the telephone switching equipment is designed to cut off signals above 4,000 Hz to filter noise off the voice line 
While there is talk of extending fiber - optic cable to the home , that is unlikely in the near future .
While these distances may seem restrictive compared to 10 - Mbit / sec Ethernet , consider that most networks are now built with collapsed backbones and hierarchical wiring that places switches in wiring closets very near end systems .
While these standards will help to ensure that systems will communicate with one another , they don't provide any quality of service guarantees .
While this adds much overhead to a call , the bandwidth of the system is wide enough to handle it .
While this adds overhead , it provides a way to send packets from one network to another over an intermediate network that uses a different protocol .
While this is efficient for activities such as downloading a single Web document , it produces a lot of overhead if the client keeps requesting additional information from the server .
While this is inefficient , it guarantees that each channel has the slots its needs to deliver data on time .
While this prevents Java applets from doing harm to a system , it also limits what can be done with Java .
While this technique adds a lot of flexibility , setup and maintenance can be complex .
While traffic is allowed through , external systems never see the internal systems .
While traffic is allowed through , external systems never see the internal systems .
While true IP Multicast push is being developed , we have the " pull that looks like push " model made famous by PointCast .
While twisted - pair wire has cable distance limitations , hubs provided a way to create hierarchical networks that support workgroup and department networks that branched from a central cable center .
While UDP resides in the transport layer , it does not have any of the reliability features of TCP .
While users can adjust to this latency period , distortion is just plain annoying .
While users on the shared hub must vie for access to their local network , once they get access they can obtain a private line to any other port on the switch .
While Windows NT controls access to objects , it also tracks accesses and attempted accesses and produces audit records that are useful for tracing security problems .
While Windows NT still supports FAT , ntfs is recommended because it provides advanced security features and better performance , especially for server operations .
While X.25 has a relatively low data rate , it worked well for terminal communications .
While ZAWS is primarily software based , wfm is hardware based .
Who is a diplomat at the next rank down .
Whole new categories of software have been developed for collaborative computing , and many existing applications now include features that let people work together over networks .
Why encrypt something that never gets decrypted ? .
Why install and support two separate cabling systems when one high - speed network will support both voice and data and support new integrated computer - telephone applications ? .
Why not let multiple computers share this same cable ? This required an arbitration mechanism to ensure that only one computer transmitted at once on the cable .
Why not use it to access information on back - end database systems and IBM mainframe computer systems ? .
Why would an organization want to make its employee list available to headhunters in the high - technology arena ? .
Why would they open themselves up to a potential flood of electronic junk mail ? .
Why write several different versions of a program to access database servers and mainframe systems when you can write one Web - based application that Macintosh , PC , and UNIX users can access with a Web browser ? .
Wide area networks benefit from fast packet - switching services such as frame relay , ATM ( Asynchronous Transfer Mode ) , and SMDS ( Switched Multi megabit Data Service ) .
Wide area services involve mobile workstations that communicate using technologies such as packet radio , cellular networks , and satellite stations .
Wide industry support in the form of products that can be managed by the platform .
Windows 95 has a logon feature , but its primary purpose is to collect the name of the current user and display a custom desktop for that user rather than protect files on the hard drive of the system .
Windows 95 uses TAPI in a number of built - in applications to interact with modems .
Windows 98 includes a modem aggregation feature to combine the throughput of multiple modem lines .
Windows can do a number of other things as well using TAPI , like answer incoming phone calls and faxes , forward calls , and provide voice mail .
Windows is an operating system with a very large installed base and a graphical interface that is already designed to handle telephony applications .
Windows NT , NetWare , and other more advanced network operating systems require each user to have an account .
Windows NT 4.0 servers are currently the only systems that can host DFS volumes .
Windows NT also sets quotas for accessing objects to make sure that a single user does not overuse resources .
Windows NT and other network operating systems typically include remote node software .
Windows NT Directory Services combines DNS locator services and X.500 standards .
Windows NT Directory Services supports Internet and OSI naming formats .
Windows NT is Microsoft 's advanced operating system that provides full 32 - bit operations on high - performance single - processor and multiprocessor systems .
Windows NT Server domains are collections of computers and computer users that are managed by a central authority .
Windows NT Server has sophisticated security features that are discussed further under " Windows NT File System " and " Windows NT Permissions . .
Windows NT Server maintains compatibility with servers running LAN Manager .
Windows NT Server supports disk mirroring and disk striping .
Windows NT supports C2 - level security , which is the U . S . Department of Defense 's criteria for a secure system .
Windows NT supports this configuration , and you can enable or disable routing between the cards , depending on your requirements .
Windows NT Workstation 5.0 and Windows NT Server 5.0 : These are the latest versions of the Windows NT operating system and they should be available in 1998 .
Windows Sockets , or " WinSock " as it is commonly called , is the interface that allows Microsoft Windows programs to interface with TCP / IP ( Transmission Control Protocol / Internet Protocol ) networks .
Windows Sockets is another application interface that is shown for comparison .
Windows Sockets is the alternative API and is now more commonly used .
Windows Sockets was developed by a group of vendors as a standard that could tie together the inconsistencies in PC - based TCP / IP products on the market .
Windows Terminal gives users access to traditional Windows applications and Java applications .
Windows users can take advantage of USB ( Universal Serial Bus ) , a peripheral bus standard enabling a 12 - Mbit / sec data transfer rate .
WindowsNT Server supports the use of UPSs ( uninterruptible power supplies ) and RAID ( redundant arrays of inexpensive disks ) configurations .
WinFrame allows the Windows NT server to host multiple , simultaneous client sessions .
WinFrame developed this technology in earlier versions of Windows NT , as discussed under " WinFrame . .
WinFrame is a multi user Windows application server that shifts the processing of Windows client / server applications almost entirely to servers .
WinFrame is a product from Citrix , a company that pioneered multi user systems in the Windows NT network server environment .
WinFrame is a product of Citrix Systems .
Winframe is based on Citrix 's ICA ( Independent Computing Architecture ) , a general - purpose presentation services protocol for Microsoft Windows .
WINS is almost completely automatic from an administrative point of view .
WinSock 2 is the latest version of the Windows Sockets interface .
WinSock is designed to provide the same types of services that Berkeley Sockets provide in the UNIX environment .
WinSock then converts commands and messages from applications to work with the underlying TCP / IP protocol stack .
WinSock was originally developed because many different vendors had developed TCP / IP protocol stacks that had their own application interfaces .
Wireless : There are a variety of wireless networking and mobile user standards .
Wireless bridging and internetworking : Radio communications used to connect buildings and other facilities in campus areas , metropolitan areas , or offices at other locations on the planet .
Wireless bridging can also be used to back up other types of data connections .
Wireless bridging issues are less complex than wireless LAN communications because connections are usually point - to - point and don't need to deal with issues such as walls and reflections .
Wireless communication consists of either local area services or wide area services .
Wireless Communications : How to build networks without wires .
Wireless communications is all about transmitting signals through air and space using radio , microwave , and infrared frequencies in the megacycle / second and kilomegacycle / second range .
Wireless LAN communications : Radio communications within a company 's premises over privately owned equipment .
Wireless LANs can eliminate the need to run cable , especially if theLAN site is a temporary installation or serves a workgroup that might disband in the near future .
Wireless mobile communications : Radio communications over public carrier facilities using packet - radio , cellular networks , and satellite stations for users who are " out of the office " and " on the road . .
Wireless mobile communications is allocated to the 930 to 931 MHz and 2,000 to 2,400 MHz ( 2 to 2.4 GHz ) ranges .
Wires branch out to workstations from the connection in a star configuration as shown in Figure B18 .
Wiring concentrator : A token - ring network concentrator , often called a multistation access unit , or MAU , is basically a ring network in a box .
With 16 subnets , only 14 hosts are possible per subnet .
With 16 values ( 4 bits in width ) , it is possible to transmit at 9,600 bits / sec over a 2,400 - baud line .
With a repeater , a network can be extended beyond its normal range .
With a single network , organizations can do away with redundant cabling and cumbersome PBX ( private branch exchange ) systems .
With a TGT , a client has the authority to obtain server tickets from a TGS ( ticket - granting server ) .
With a traditional hub , all the connected workstations are part of the same LAN segment .
With Active Scripting , ActiveX Controls and Java applets can be integrated and controlled from the server or browser .
With ActiveX Server Framework , web servers can provide security and access backend databases to provide information from the database to users .
With an Internet tunnel , all data is encrypted before crossing the Internet and decrypted at the receiving end .
With an operational data warehouse , all the accounts can be closed using the same software .
With an SNMP - compatible network management system , network administrators can monitor and manage computers and other devices connected to the network .
With any backup system , you need to run a restoration test to ensure that your backup and restore procedures work .
With appropriate equipment and software , isdn equipment will connect additional lines as needed to handle surges in traffic or to handle the temporary needs of a videoconference .
With asymmetric multiprocessing , the operating system uses one or more of the processors for its own use and runs applications on the others .
With ATM switching , a virtual circuit ( often called a call ) must be set up between a source and a destination before cells can be sent .
With BRI , both channels can be combined into a 128 - Kbit / sec data link .
With broadcasting , any device on the LAN can transmit a message that all other devices on the LAN can listen to .
With carrier - sensing access methods , workstations sense whether the cable is in use and transmit only if it is not in use .
With centralized data , administrators can apply security controls to restrict data access and use tracking mechanisms to monitor data access .
With Centrex , the job of a PBX is basically moved to the LEC and handled by the LEC - owned equipment rather than equipment owned by a private organization .
With CIF , existing legacy LANs can participate in ATM networks without the need to upgrade NICs in end systems with ATM NICs .
With compatible operating systems and software , processing tasks can be distributed across the processors so that none sit idle .
With contention reduced , time - sensitive traffic has a better chance of getting through .
With current systems , once a user reads a message from his or her mailbox , the message is lost unless he can store it locally .
With cut - through , the address is pulled from the frame header even before the frame is fully received and matched up to a port , then immediately forwarded through the port .
With DFS , an administrator does up - front work to logically organize information , so users don't have trouble finding it later on .
With differential backup , you back up only files that were created or changed since the last normal ( or incremental ) backup .
With digital certificates , a vendor trusts that a third - party CA ( certificate authority ) has already verified a user 's credentials , in much the same way that retail stores trust that a financial institution will stand behind its credit card users .
With directories distributed to multiple servers and hard drives , information can be retrieved much faster because a single system is not doing all the work .
With disk striping , data is divided and written to multiple disk drives to improve performance and protect against disk failure .
With distributed COM , developers will be able to build solutions that use components across platforms over a network .
With DMA ( direct memory access ) , a DMA controller takes control of the bus and transfers data from the NIC to a memory location , thus reducing CPU load .
With DMT , the phone line spectrum is divided into 256 4 - kHz channels .
With duplexing , the disk drive adapter is duplicated as well to further protect against hardware failure .
With EDI , computer data already entered by one organization is made available to a business partner .
With EDI , the format and structure of electronic documents such as invoices and purchase orders follows published standards so that document flows can occur among organizations .
With Fibre Channel switching , you could connect millions of devices .
With fixedsize cells , traffic flow is predictable .
With GSMP , a controller can establish and release connections across the ATM switch , add and delete nodes on a point - to - multipoint connection , manage switch ports , request configuration information , and request statistics .
With HDML , companies can deliver information to their mobile workforce via Web servers and the Internet .
With high speed , delivering voice and video in a frame environment becomes possible , as long as the backbone does not become overloaded .
With I - PNNI , edge devices perform their own route calculations and exchange routing information with other edge devices .
With I / O switching , a server 's bus connects directly to a server switch , which is part of the network backbone .
With IIOP , components that are distributed across the Internet can be connected to create what appear to users to be seamless applications .
With in - band signaling , control messages that provide connection management for phone calls , network sessions , and other types of communications are sent as signals on the same channel ( wire ) as the voice or data .
With IP Multicast , datagrams are assigned an IP class D address .
With IR , users can walk up to an IR printer and print , or two IR - equipped computers can exchange files without a physical connection .
With it , administrators can unify and manage multiple namespaces over heterogeneous systems .
With it , web site authors can include the following kinds of links :
With its rich function and superior quality , VM / ESA is one of IBM 's premier operating systems .
With Java running on top of the hardware CPU as a software process , applications written to run on any computer platform where the Java VM is running , no matter what hardware CPU is in place .
With Kahn 's architecture and Cerf 's NCP experience , TCP ( not TCP / IP as explained later ) was born .
With layer 3 switching , a routing algorithm is used to discover paths through the switched network , but once the destination is located , a shortcut layer 2 switched path is used .
With many different TCP / IP stacks available , product developers often had to choose one stack over another or support all the available APIs at great expense .
With Microsoft Exchange , organizations create an enterprise - wide message system that gives everyone in the organization quick access to information .
With mirroring , data is written to two disks at once .
With MPTN , an application written for one protocol can operate over a network that uses another MPTN - specified protocol .
With MSMQ , end users communicate across networks and systems that are occasionally offline , independent of the current state of the communicating applications and systems .
With multicasting , only relevant routers bother to read the information .
With multiple users accessing the same database , a number of problems must be dealt with .
With NDMP , vendors can concentrate on features and performance rather than on writing code for many different platforms and environments .
With netcasting , information is automatically delivered to users 'desktops .
With NetDDE , applications on two or more workstations can dynamically share information .
With networks , it is possible to attach different computer platforms running different operating systems and different applications .
With ODBC , client applications do not need to know what kind of database is being accessed , whether a database is local or remote , or what communication method is used to connect with the database .
With ONE , users must purchase a copy of Navigator to run components .
With other systems , a user may download a file , edit it , then copy it back - overwriting the original copy of the file , which may have just been changed by another user .
With PEM , the sender seals the message with a digital signature using his or her private key .
With PRI , up to 23 channels can be combined as needed to provide a throughput rate up to 1,536 Mbits / sec ( in the U . S . ) .
With prioritization , traffic from specific users ( the CEO ) or specific systems ( a videoconferencing system ) is assigned a high level of priority , while other traffic , such as e - mail , is assigned a low priority .
With proxies , security policies can be much more powerful and flexible because all of the information in packets can be used by administrators to write the rules that determine how packets are handled by the gateway .
With proxies , security policies can be much more powerful and flexible because all of the information in packets can be used by administrators to write the rules that determine how packets are handled by the gateway .
With push , home users can get a constant stream of content updates and programming schedules , then use pull to make interactive selections .
With QIC , data is sequentially recorded on parallel tracks of a tape , first in one direction on one track , and in the other direction on the next track .
With QoS , different qualities of traffic can be designated , with some traffic getting more bandwidth than others , depending on the category assignment .
With RAS , users can gain access to your network and work as if they were using a computer directly connected to that network .
With regard to business transactions over the Internet , the Web protocols leave a lot to be desired .
With regard to POP , messages are usually deleted on the server after the client retrieves them .
With reserved bandwidth , TCP / IP networks can obtain some of the QoS features of ATM , as discussed further under " QoS ( Quality of Service ) . " .
With rewritable disks , data can be stored and erased .
With RMON , as pictured in Figure R - 6 , probes located in network devices such as hubs , routers , and switches collect and maintain historical information .
With SFT , you can install two disks and then mirror the contents of the main disk to the secondary disk .
With SNMP , a network management console must continually poll the SNMP agents to obtain MIB information .
With SOCKS in place , an internal corporate network can be connected to the Internet and provide a safe way for internal users to access servers on the Internet .
With SSL , browsers and servers authenticate one another , then encrypt data transmitted during a session .
With SSL , the client and the server use a handshaking technique to agree on the level of security they want to use during a session .
With stateful inspection , bit patterns of the packets are compared to packets that are already known to be trusted .
With such an operating system , launching a separate Web browser is no longer necessary because the desktop is basically the browser interface .
With SVCs , setting up such links is as simple as making a phone call .
With SVCs , this restriction would change and allow customers to make calls to any other site .
With switched circuits , you only pay for what you use , so circuits are taken down as soon as the demand subsides .
With switches , this segmentation process can continue until as few as one workstation is connected to a network segment .
With switching , the hub can provide a dedicated line between two ports .
With symmetrical multiprocessing , workloads can be distributed evenly to available processors so that one processor doesn't sit idle while another is overworked with a specific task .
With TDMA , a band is subdivided into " time slots , " and each slot is allocated to a channel .
With the 1921 Graham Act , congress created exceptions to antitrust laws for telecommunications companies that would allow them to build what were essentially monopolistic infrastructures within their service areas .
With the advent of high - speed local area networks , distributed computing , and relatively inexpensive capture and storage equipment , imaging has become a popular networking application .
With the bus mastering technique , a network adapter can transfer information directly to system memory without interrupting the system processor .
With the DMI ( Desktop Management Interface ) , it has developed a common management framework for PCs that will help vendors bring products to market that can easily be managed .
With the earliest gateways , workstations on the LAN appear as 3270 terminals to the IBM host .
With the emergence of the RPC ( remote procedure call ) , which can invoke procedures on other machines , cooperative processing is becoming more of a reality , even in heterogeneous environments .
With the increasing use of Web technology , more traffic has been flowing across the backbone .
With the Intelligent Messaging option , Banyan 's robust messaging backbone , vines supports a wide range of messaging capabilities .
With the introduction of a high - speed backbone , it makes sense to attach network servers and peripherals to the backbone as shown on the right in Figure N - 16 .
With the introduction of NDS , administrators could create a hierarchical view that let users see dispersed servers under a single branch of the directory tree .
With the introduction of the VAX , dec also announced its DECnet networking product .
With the multibus design , each bus represents a LAN and ports are linked to a specific bus .
With the popularity of the Internet and Web , isps are everywhere .
With the proliferation of internal intranets , a proxy server may be used to control internal traffic .
With the proper equipment , additional Switched - 56 lines can be automatically dialed to provide bandwidth on demand .
With the purchase of USL , novell gained control of UNIX SVR4 , to the dismay of other UNIX vendors .
With the remote control method , the user connects to a dedicated workstation on the LAN , and all processing takes place at the LAN - attached dedicated workstation .
With the remote node method , all processing takes place at the remote workstation .
With the rise of the Internet , the client / server computing model has evolved from a two - way relationship to a multitier relationship in which clients communicate with a Web server , which in turn queries back - end data systems .
With the shared memory option , nics have their own memory that the system processor can access directly , or both the CPU and NIC share a block of system memory that both can directly access .
With the Web , database vendors were forced to finally deal with a plethora of data types , not just structured data .
With these applications , users can collaborate almost as if they were in the same room .
With these features , servers can transmit multiple objects to a client over a single TCP connection using longer , more efficient packets .
With these hooks , software developers can finally create applications that can request a particular priority or QoS feature from underlying networks that offer these features .
With this hierarchy , it is possible for a system anywhere on the network to set up a switched connection with any other system on the network .
With this method , protocol packets are encapsulated into frame relay frames and transmitted across a frame relay PVC ( permanent virtual circuit ) .
With this model , high data throughput rates on the backbone were not a priority .
With this protocol , a user can securely export personal information from one computer system to another .
With this scheme , there is often no intention of ever deciphering the text .
With this security , the recipient is sure of the sender 's authenticity , that the document is authentic , and that it hasn't been altered in the transmission .
With this support , afp will be transportable across AppleTalk and TCP / IP networks , and will also be able to operate with HTTP , FTP , and Internet mail protocols .
With this technique , channels are defined as frequencies within an allocated range , and each band is 30 kHz wide .
With tunneling , protocol packets of one type of network are put inside or encapsulated in the protocol packets of another network for transport across that network .
With two bits , four subnets are possible - 00, 01 , 10 , 11 .
With UDP , an application can send a datagram to a service without establishing a connection , as is required with TCP .
With unicasting , an IP packet is addressed to a single destination , whereas multicasting sends a copy of the same message to each member of a multicast group .
With virtual networking , you can create a logical network for the marketing people on top of the physical network .
With Web browsing , users go out on the Web and look for information .
With Web technologies , it is only necessary to format data for display in a Web browser .
With Windows NT Directory Services , an organization can integrate the directory services that it may have already deployed .
With Windows NT Directory Services , security can be administered independently within each domain , within a subtree of OUs that are part of a domain , or within a single OU .
Within each metropolitan area , there are 832 receive channels and 832 send channels .
Within NSA is INFOSEC , which provides security information about information systems .
Within the next few years , offices will be filled with the chatter of people talking to their computers and to other people through their computers .
Within these walls was the keep , a heavily fortified structure that provided the last defense against attackers .
Within this path are three virtual channels .
Without an automated method for installing and updating programs , utilities , and drivers , network managers or their assistants must spend time manually updating workstations on the network .
Without open , standardized protocols , you would need to obtain all your networking equipment from one vendor .
Without proper grounding , a charge will pass through a person to the earth .
Without routing protocols , network administrators must manually configure routing tables in routers .
Without the city and ZIP code , you can send mail only to people in your own town .
Without the RA , the alternative would be for each router to query and obtain this information from all the other routers connected to a NAP or MAE .
Work areas are then individually cabled to the equipment in the telecommunication closet .
Work is being done on Gigabit Ethernet by the IEEE 802.3z Task Group and the Gigabit Ethernet Alliance ( discussed at the end of this section ) .
Workflow features , such as document routing and the ability to initiate processes based on events .
Workflow software allows users to view large image files , graphics , sound , and even video .
Workflow software can eliminate many time - consuming and often expensive activities such as meetings , phone calls , and express mail deliveries .
Workflow software encourages workgroup collaboration by automating processes and eliminating footwork .
Workgroup hub : A workgroup hub provides a place to connect other hubs or workstations .
Workgroup hubs , located at different floors or locations in the organization , connect into the enterprise hub .
Workgroups : In this arrangement , windows users share files and resources with a local group of other computer users .
Workgroups don't normally access the warehouse data directly , although that is possible .
Working Group is focused on the creation of standards for running network layer protocols over nonbroadcast access media .
Workstation processors such as the MIPS ( million instructions per second ) chips , the DEC Alpha , and the IBM RS family of chips use RISC architectures .
Workstations , acting as clients , can send requests to the server over the network .
Workstations and servers tag frames as appropriate .
Workstations are attached to a central hub , or concentrator , that acts as a repeater .
Workstations are attached to the hub with a UTP ( unshielded twisted - pair ) cable that cannot exceed 100 meters ( 328 feet ) .
Workstations attached to the server with a star - configured cabling system known as S - Net .
Workstations create NCP requests and use IPX to send them over the network .
Workstations look at SAP messages to locate servers to attach to .
Workstations must be within line of sight of the infrared transmitter , which gives them some ( but limited ) mobility .
Workstations on the same LAN use the MAC address to forward packets to one another .
Workstations use SAP to find services they need on the network .
Worm : A worm is often mistaken for a virus .
WORM disks can only be written to once and not overwritten .
WORM technology is also called CD - R ( recordable ) , and a CD - E ( erasable ) format is in the works .
Worms do not replicate themselves like viruses .
Worse , active stealth viruses can actually fight back against virus detection programs by disabling their detection functions .
WOSA extensions for vertical markets : Includes extensions for financial services and extensions for real - time market data .
WOSA includes ODBC ( Open Database Connectivity ) , a standard database interface .
WOSA is an architecture that promotes the easy integration of Windows and Windows - based applications within enterprise environments .
Would you trust a certificate that has been issued by an organization in a third - world country or by a local bank ? To solve this problem , a hierarchy of trust is being set up in the United States .
WRED ( weighted RED ) works with IP Precedence to provide preferential traffic handling for higher - priority packets .
Write ( w ) : Allows the user to write to ( change ) a file or do a number of things in a directory , including create , rename , and delete a file .
Write : The right to open and change the contents of existing files in the directory .
Write it down and place it in a locked safe or give it to a trusted person of authority for safekeeping .
Writing procedures that unskilled users can follow , if necessary .
X . 25 was used in the mainframe environment to connect dumb terminals to mainframes over remote links .
X / Open Company Ltd . was established to provide standards for the UNIX environment .
X / Open is now part of The Open Group .
X / Open now grants the UNIX trademark to UNIX implementations that are compatible with a set of specifications that promote the portability of applications between operating systems .
X / Open was founded in 1984 to provide compliance to open systems specifications .
X provides an environment for developing graphical user interfaces , and a developer can use a GUI development toolkit such as Motif to create the applications .
X was designed from the beginning as a client / server platform for building remote applications .
X was developed in the early 1990s as a basic client / server system , except that the terminology is reversed from the way people think of client / server today .
X.12 ensures that documents are compatible among computing platforms .
X.12 has roots with work done in the shipping industry by the TDCC ( Transportation Data Coordinating Committee ) and work done in the food distribution industry by the UCC ( Uniform Code Council ) .
X.12 is a U . S . standard that defines many different types of documents , including air shipments , student loan applications , injury and illness reports , and shipment and billing notices .
X.25 is a connection - oriented service , so packets do not require source and destination addresses .
X.25 is a standard , well - tested , protocol that has been a workhorse packet - switching service since 1976 .
X.25 is a well - established ( and now somewhat dated ) packet - switching service traditionally used to connect remote terminals to host systems .
X.25 is still used in many countries where the telecommunication system is inadequate .
X.25 may be the only reliable way to set up international network links to countries with unreliable phone systems .
X.25 networks are easy to install and maintain .
X.25 packet - switched networks are not suitable for most LAN - to - LAN traffic because they are slow and because a large portion of the bandwidth is used for error checking .
X.25 packet - switched networks support a variety of QoS features , which were needed in order to guarantee delivery .
X.25 packet switching networks use this technique .
X.25 predates the OSI ( Open Systems Interconnection ) protocol model , so some of the terminology used to explain X.25 is different .
X.25 supports switched and permanent virtual circuits .
X.25 was designed in the days when the physical network was prone to errors .
X.25 was specifically designed for error - prone communication systems and provides extensive error checking at the data link level to guarantee packet delivery .
X.400 is a standard for exchanging electronic messages among mail systems running on a wide variety of computing platforms .
X.400 is based on a distributed client / server model .
X.400 is based on a distributed client / server model that includes the components described here and pictured in Figure X - 1 .
X.400 was first introduced in 1984 and has been through several enhancements .
X.500 can also be installed within an organization as a private directory service and can then be connected to the global X.500 directory service .
X.500 defines how an organization can share names and the objects associated with them over a global network .
X.500 directory services are a family of standards developed as an OSI standard by ISO and the CCITT .
X.500 directory services can provide information to electronic mail systems , applications that need to access resources elsewhere on the network , or management systems that need to know the name and location of entities on the network .
X.500 has proven to be more a complex system than most organizations need .
X.500 is a CCITT ( ITU ) recommendation for a " white pages " directory services system that can provide a global " look - up " service for people and objects everywhere .
X.500 is an ITU ( International Telecommunication Union ) specification for an international directory service that runs on OSI - compatible systems .
X.500 is considered the best way to implement a directory service , but it costs more to implement and is slower than other methods .
X.500 is hierarchical in that there are administrative domains ( organizations , divisions , departments , and workgroups ) that provide information about the users and resources in those domains .
X.500 was one of the first standards for providing white pages directory services , but it remains a largely unused standard because the TCP / IP protocol suite became the industry 's de facto network protocol instead of the OSI protocols .
X.509 defines certificate structures and methods for distributing public keys within certificates that are managed by CAs .
X.509 defines the field contents of a certificate , which include version number , serial number , signature algorithm ID , issuer name , validity period , subject name , subject public - key information , issuer unique identifier , subject unique identifier , extensions , and signature on the above fields .
X.509 is an ITU - T ( International Telecommunication Union - Telecommunications Sector ) standard .
X.509 is an ITU ( International Telecommunication Union ) recommendation that defines a framework for authentication ( i . e . , services ) .
X.509 supports both secret - key ( single - key ) cryptography and public - key cryptography .
X.509 v3 digital certificates : Provides security with digital signatures and authentication between parties , content , or devices on a network including secure servers , firewalls , e - mail , and payment systems .
X.509 was first published in 1988 , and subsequent revisions have been published to address security problems that have cropped up since the initial publication .
X11R6.3 provides seamless access to remotely hosted programs over the Internet and World Wide Web . .
X12 is an EDI ( Electronic Data Interchange ) standard that provides a uniform way for businesses to exchange electronic documents and business transactions .
Xfer from Platinum Technology : A UNIX - based package that can distribute software to UNIX , Windows , and OS / 2 clients .
XML allows Web developers to define the content of documents by creating custom tags , unlike HTML ( Hypertext Markup Language ) , which is locked into a set of industry - standard tags ( although Microsoft and Netscape have been known to create their own ) .
XML borrows many features from SGML , including the need to create a document type declaration , which defines what the customer tags are supposed to do when a user receives the document .
XML is a subset of the SGML ( Standard Generalized Markup Language ) that has been defined by the W3C ( World Wide Web Consortium ) .
XML is designed to make data stored and published on Web sites not only easier to manage , but much richer in presentation .
Xpert : An administrative interface for building cross - business relationships , document workflow , and user privileges .
Yet another enhancement to the SCSI standard is called Ultra2 SCSI ( also called Fast 40 ) .
You 'll eventually run out of IP addresses for a subnet of the network or for the entire network if you don't carefully manage the assigned addresses .
You 'll find additional information under the topics referenced below under " Related Entries : " .
You 'll find related information under " IP ( Internet Protocol ) " and " Routers . " .
You 'll need an RJ crimp tool if you are installing the cable yourself .
You 'll need bridges or routers to connect LANs to digital lines .
You 'll need to add up the power requirements of the equipment you plan to attach to the UPS , then purchase a UPS that can handle the load .
You 'll need to disable burst mode in these machines if the network has problems or the workstation loses packets .
You " ping " another host on a network to see if that host is reachable from your host .
You add functionality to the operating system or make changes , upgrades , and additions by installing NLMs ( NetWare Loadable Modules ) at the server .
You also must complete an application and receive your VirtualPIN .
You also need to know the power requirements of the devices you 'll hook to the UPS .
You are encouraged to review these papers and other papers at vendor sites because the design of networks and what constitutes the latest technology is always changing .
You are encouraged to visit the Web sites given below or refer to a specific text on TCP / IP protocols .
You are less likely to run out of available addresses .
You are no longer burdened by calls from users who need an IP address , or worse , the need to go on - site and configure the address .
You are responsible for assigning host identifiers .
You assign directory and file access rights to groups in the same way you can assign those rights to users .
You attach a tone generator to a cable termination in an office , then listen for the tone either in the walls or at the punch down block or path panel in the wiring closet .
You attach devices such as disk drives , CD - ROM discs , optical disks , and tape drives to the adapter .
You can't open a WordPerfect document in Microsoft Word without first converting it .
You can access most servers on the Web without logging in .
You can accurately time the flow of cells because there are no variable length cells that would throw such a calculation off .
You can add components and build custom applications on the BackOffice platform as your needs grow .
You can add hyperlinks to other HTML documents that exist in the same directory , on other directories , or on other Web servers .
You can allow only specific users through the firewall on the basis of their credentials .
You can also add or move users .
You can also add time restrictions to prevent access before or after normal working hours .
You can also customize what you receive , so sites like USA Today can deliver the latest news soccer scores or news about the political situation in China .
You can also de - migrate files in the same way .
You can also do the following :
You can also go through the InterNIC ( http : / / www . internic . com ) on your own .
You can also merge the bastion host and the exterior router ( as in Figure F - 16 ) .
You can also refer to " QoS ( Quality of Service ) . " .
You can also refer to other sections in this book for more information about server components , such as Parallel Processing , RAID ( Redundant Arrays of Inexpensive Disks ) , and SCSI ( Small Computer System Interface ) . .
You can also refer to that topic to learn how a single multicast packet is distributed to multiple recipients on the Internet .
You can also strip computer names to hide internal systems , and you can evaluate the contents of packets for appropriateness and security .
You can also strip computer names to hide internal systems , and you can evaluate the contents of packets for appropriateness and security .
You can also use a diagnostics utility supplied with the card to determine its address after you 've installed the card in a system .
You can also use this line to handle extra traffic should the main line become overloaded .
You can attach hubs to other hubs in a hierarchical configuration .
You can bolt computers down ; lock up servers in data centers ; staff your facilities 24 hours a day ; and ensure that all personnel are trustworthy , competent , and know the security procedures .
You can check for invalid ARP mappings with the PING command .
You can check the Linux Documentation Project 's Web site at the address listed below for more information and a large list of related Web sites .
You can check the MOMA Web site listed at the end of this topic for additional vendor products information and links to vendor Web sites .
You can check the Novell sites given under " Information on the Internet " at the end of this section for additional information .
You can check their Web sites for these reports , which are listed under " Magazine Links " in Appendix A .
You can click the button at the top of any column to sort the data on that column .
You can contact CableLabs at 303 - 661 - 9100 or visit their Web site at http : / / www . cablelabs . com .
You can contact Open Group Direct , at 1 - 800 - 268 - 5245 , or send e - mail to direct @ opengroup . org .
You can delete an entire group , or you can remove users from a group .
You can dial any phone number to establish a temporary connection .
You can download it from the Web or you can purchase a book that includes a CD - ROM with the entire operating system , such as Linux : The Complete Reference , by Richard Peterson ( Berkeley , CA : Osborne / McGraw - Hill , 1996 ) .
You can expand a volume at any time by adding more physical disk space and making it a part of any existing volume .
You can find additional information about this product at http : / / www . novell . com .
You can find it at the site listed under " Information on the Internet , " at the end of this section .
You can find more information on processor speeds at the Intel Web site ( http : / / www . intel . com ) .
You can find out about these new features at http : / / www . microsoft . com / windowsnt .
You can find out more about the TCP / IP protocols in the history paper described earlier or at the Web sites listed below .
You can find out the power requirements of these devices by looking at the backs of the equipment .
You can find TCSEC information at http : / / www . radium . ncsc . mil / tpep / library / rainbow / 5200.28 - STD . html .
You can find these RFCs at the Web sites listed at the end of this topic .
You can force users to change their passwords at regular intervals and to use passwords that they haven't used recently .
You can get additional information by referring to " IP over ATM , IP Switching , " " NHRP ( Next Hop Resolution Protocol ) , " and " Switched Networks . " .
You can get additional information by visiting Novell 's Web site at the address given at the end of this section or by referring to the additional Novell entries in this book .
You can go through an Internet service provider , but they basically charge you a fee for registering your domain name with the InterNIC .
You can install a backup line with a dial - on - demand router that connects the line should the master line fail .
You can isolate the node for diagnostic purposes .
You can just put information to be transferred into software packets and the underlying network will put the packet into a frame for transmission across the medium .
You can learn more about these activities by visiting the IETF Working Groups Web site , at http : / / www . ietf . org / html . charters / wg - dir . html .
You can load or unload any module at any time from the server console without bringing down the server .
You can mix up characters to create passwords like Qp &amp; yTxT8e3 .
You can monitor and block access at these choke points .
You can normally connect up to 8 or 16 devices to a SCSI adapter .
You can obtain a document called the " Firewall Product Matrix " from the CSI ( Computer Security Institute ) at http : / / www . gocsi . com or by calling ( 415 ) 905 - 2626 .
You can obtain information at http : / / www . ncsa . com .
You can obtain more information about TUXEDO at http : / / www . beasys . com .
You can organize directory structures to simplify user access , to provide a more consistent data structure , and to simplify management .
You can prevent intruders from accessing a LAN by ensuring that users protect their passwords , log off when they step away from their system , and aren't lax about security .
You can purchase bulk cable and connectors to make custom cables .
You can put a single station on each port for the highest performance , or you can attach repeater hubs that provide connections for a number of stations .
You can read more about MARS in RFC 2022 at http : / / www . internic . net / rfc / rfc2022. txt .
You can read more information about these technologies and the Digital Signature Initiative at http : / / www . w3.org / pub / WWW / Security / DSig / DsigProj . html .
You can refer to " HPR ( High Performance Routing ) " for more information .
You can refer to " LANE ( LAN Emulation ) , " for more information , but basically LANE does two things :
You can refer to " Public - Key Cryptography " and " Security " for more information about how public - key cryptosystems are used .
You can refer to " Public - Key Cryptography " for details .
You can refer to " SGML ( Standard Generalized Markup Language ) " or refer to W3C 's Web site , at http : / / www . w3.org .
You can refer to " Storage Systems " for additional information .
You can refer to " Switched Networks " to learn about the architectural details of these high - end switches .
You can refer to " Windows NT Permissions " for more information about rights and permissions in the Windows NT environment .
You can refer to a number of topics related to applications for more information , such as " Collaborative Computing , " " Electronic Mail , " " Groupware , " and " Workflow Management . " .
You can refer to appropriate sections in this book for a more detailed discussion of each technique .
You can refer to the IETF Working Groups Web site listed below for more information .
You can refer to the references listed next for more information about switching .
You can refer to the Web sites listed at the end of this section under , " Information on the Internet " for full details of this new protocol .
You can refer to these topics for comparative information .
You can replace the x with a value to represent each node on the subnetwork .
You can search for , sort , and list objects based on some of this information .
You can see this when lights flicker or when the TV goes haywire while you blend a milkshake .
You can segment a network and rejoin it with a bridge , then use filtering to control traffic flow .
You can set aside cell slots in the traffic flow to guarantee that real - time information will arrive on time .
You can start building a core switched network that connects to existing departmental hubs and then eventually upgrade the department hubs to provide switched services to all users .
You can take this a step further .
You can then change the access permissions on any file or folder in the shared folder if you need to block access .
You can think of a directory service as white pages for the organization , except that each entry in the directory services database also holds information about the person or resource the entry represents .
You can think of a socket as being like the telephones at either end of a phone call and the port as being like a phone number .
You can think of a socket as being like the telephones at either end of a phone call and the port as being like a phone number .
You can think of a switch as a multiport bridge device in which each port is a private network segment .
You can think of a tunnel as a pipe through which any type of packet may be transmitted .
You can think of proxies as services that run on a firewall , where the firewall is a physical server that sits between the Internet and the internal network .
You can think of the ORB as a sort of software bus , or backbone , that provides a common interface through which many different kinds of objects can communicate in a peer - to - peer scheme .
You can think of the Web browser as a container that holds objects you collect on the Internet and that provides a place to run those objects .
You can think of these surges and spikes as shotgun blasts of energy to delicate electrical components .
You can try this now .
You can underestimate your load but still obtain extra bandwidth to handle unexpected peaks in traffic if it is available .
You can understand the sliding - window technique as a conversation between sender and receiver .
You can use the following devices to extend a LAN or improve its performance :
You can use the following table as a reference when evaluating network routers .
You can view these RFCs by entering the following address in your Web browser , replacing the italic placeholders with the number of the RFC you want to view : http : / / www . internic . net / rfc / rfc nnnn . tx .
You can visit its Web site for a complete description of the procedures the company uses to issue and manage certificates .
You can visit the company 's Web site at http : / / www . blackbox . com .
You can visit the IrDA Web site at http : / / www . irda . org .
You can visit the Web site at http : / / www . greatcircle . com .
You can visit their Web page at http : / / www . home . net .
You can wrap it around yourself , then shine a light in one end and see that light on the other end .
You cannot build internetworks with NetBEUI , so it is often replaced with TCP / IP .
You cannot create a network that is so large that a station at one end cannot detect when a station at the other end has just begun to transmit .
You choose the content to be delivered by filling out a subscription form .
You could connect them with slow dial - up modems or with dedicated leased lines .
You could even implant them in kids to track them in case of a kidnapping .
You could use a single interface ( the Web browser ) to access information on any system running Web server software .
You could view information published by the company and probably make database queries into the company 's database .
You create groups to simplify the task of managing and defining rights for large numbers of users .
You decrypt the certificate with the CA public key to access the end user 's public key inside .
You don't need a RAID configuration to take advantage of fault tolerance features .
You don't care about the internal workings of the machine .
You drop in a couple of quarters , connect to your home Web server , log on , then access your corporate network and e - mail .
You enter this address in the configuration fields for your news reader which , as mentioned , is probably included with your Web browser .
You get a private link to a private directory on the server so you can copy and update Web pages .
You get an account , attach a modem to your computer , then dial into the ISP and log on .
You get the secure exchange capabilities of public - key systems and the speed advantages of secret - key systems .
You implement domains to make groups of computers more manageable and to apply a security policy to specific areas of your network .
You install a pair of bridges or routers and connect cable between the two devices , or use a dial - up or dedicated telephone line .
You may discover traffic that should not be on a link .
You may need to alter this technique to fit your own needs .
You may need to take the analyzer to other physical locations to monitor traffic .
You may need to update the links in the document or move the linked objects with the document .
You might also execute a program , display a picture , or download a file .
You might also find the address on a label attached to the card .
You might imagine a musical group that is recording a song .
You might need to check all floppy disks and other data sources for infections and , in some cases , destroy floppy disks or use them only on " quarantined " systems .
You might need to reinforce or elevate the server area and develop plans so users can access server data in case there is a disaster .
You might run different services in each of these hosts , such as HTTP Web services , e - mail services , or an external DNS .
You might set up a filter that discards any e - mail messages that contain " dirty " words .
You might use this restriction for temporary employees .
You might want to set aside spare servers and then run restoration tests using these servers on a regular basis .
You must abide by the following rules and limitations when wiring Ethernet networks with RG - 58 A / U or RG - 58 C / U coaxial cable :
You must change the IP address in a workstation if it moves to another subnet .
You must install a line that meets the requirements of the site being connected .
You must protect systems from theft , not only because the equipment is valuable , but because the downtime it takes to replace the servers can cost many times more than the equipment .
You must trust that the CA 's public key is authentic .
You must use a remote - boot PROM if the card is installed in a diskless workstation .
You must use an address that identifies a network segment and a node on that segment .
You need to interconnect these offices with both data links and voice lines .
You obtain a copy of their public key , either directly from the person or from a public - key server , and use it to encrypt the message .
You only need to specify the scope of addresses that can be leased at the server .
You only pay for the time the call is connected .
You only pay when the service is connected .
You open your portable Web browser , locate the bus system 's Web page , and then display a map of the bus route .
You order routers with the appropriate LAN and WAN interfaces to match your needs .
You pause and the transmission pauses .
You pay for the line whether you use it or not .
You request cash and the machine delivers .
You select a specific frequency .
You send both the message and the hash value to your broker .
You set these options based on your security requirements .
You should consider a backup rotation method , which keeps incremental copies of backup data available .
You should create directory structures that take advantage of the way that rights are set at specific branches of the tree .
You specify the locations where you want to send data ( i . e . , your remote branch offices ) and the carrier programs the routers at each of the junctions to immediately switch the packets along an appropriate path .
You specify the properties of an object when you create the object , and you can change them at any time by using the NetWare Administrator utility .
You still need a data pipe into the network from each of your offices , as shown in Figure V - 7 .
You then send the document to your business partner , encrypting it with his or her public key .
You tune in to a " tight " frequency band on both the transmitter and receiver .
You typically use it to obtain more capacity before a high data rate session such as a videoconferencing session .
You use dial on demand to automatically combine channels when data traffic increases beyond the capacity of a single channel .
You use remote - boot PROMs on diskless workstations that can't boot on their own but instead boot from the network server .
You usually still work with an ISP ( unless you become your own ISP ) .
You will also find additional information at that site .
You will find information related to the history of the Web , user interface specifications such as HTML ( Hypertext Markup Language ) and HTML extensions , electronic commerce , security and privacy issues , and Web architecture standards such as HTTP ( Hypertext Transfer Protocol ) and object technologies .
You will find more information about each protocol under appropriate headings in this book .
You will need a T - connector for each workstation , even if it is the last station in the trunk , in which case the BNC terminator is attached to the open end of the T - connector .
You write server extensions to make your Web site more active and interesting .
Your credit card is registered with First Virtual over the telephone , not over the Internet .
Your friend then decrypts the message with your public key .
Your ISP gets involved in the relationship as well .
Your local service provider is probably part of the . net domain , while your company is probably part of the . com domain .
Your own Internet service provider may do this conversion or connect to a specific DNS server that does .
Your private key is the only key that can decrypt a message that has been encrypted with your public key .
Your program should be able to make a requests of lower - layer network protocols to have data delivered .
Your security must include physical security measures , and you might want to install encryption utilities to protect stored data .
Your Web browser then displays the HTML information .
Your Web browser then translates and displays the HTML information .
ZAWS also helps to reduce help desk and support calls because users operate with a familiar desktop wherever they go and the desktop information is stored in a central location that support staff can configure and troubleshoot .
ZAWS also provides tools for central administration and allows the desktop to be locked down .
ZAWS is designed to provide desktop locking services and the ability to prevent users from performing certain operations .
ZAWS is part of Microsoft 's scheme to manage the desktops for these systems on centralized servers .
ZIP codes provide a high - level addressing scheme that indicates a specific town in a vast web of towns across the country .
Zones may extend across multiple networks , and routers separate them .
Zones provide internetworking in AppleTalk .
