Bearer capability indicates the requested content of the bearer service  , that is , service attribute .
Cause represents the cause to which the failure in call setting is ascribable .
Channel identification indicates the assigned channel between the two channels .
City map superimposed with a local - line map must be obtained .
Destination address represents the terminating user ( called party ) number .
Disconnection is the procedure for disconnecting an inactive international channel from an assigned overload satellite channel .
Open in the OSI standard means the capability of connection to other systems as desired .
Protocol is originally a diplomatic term and means a rule set out to assure smooth exchange between countries .
Reassignment and disconnection are procedures provided in order to avoid the use of overload satellite channels as much as possible .
Reassignment is the procedure for assigning a newly available normal satellite channel to an international channel to which an overload satellite channel has been assigned .
Refreshment can reduce the influence of misconnection .
Refreshment is the procedure for confirming the connections of all satellite channels one after another in the satellite channel number order .
Signaling is typically performed to create a communications subnetwork for a ' network end user ' As such  , some argue that the entire reference model of SS No.7 , as a protocol within the communications subnetwork , should only exist a OSI layer 3 ( the network layer ) and below .
The applications processes within a communications network invoke protocol functionality to communicate with in another on much the same way as ' end user ' Thus  , the same seven - layer reference model is felt to apply in this applications context . .
The signaling system protocol is felt to encompass operations  , administration and maintenance ( OA &amp; M ) activities related to telecommunications . Because craftspeople can be involved in such activities ( truly end user ) as well as OA &amp; M application processes , the distinction between network layer entities and end users becomes ' fuzzy ' .
Word in the former method means a set of eight pulses corresprrec avonding to and 8 bit binary code which represent the magnitude of a quantized PAM sample .
% DM : After extracting unavailable time and SES from the total observation time continuous seconds are collected in one - minute units .
% DM expresses the percentage of minutes of available time in which the coding error rate exceeds 10 - 6  , excluding SES ( percent of Degraded Minutes ) .
% ES : Measure of whether or not coding errors are generated each second : expressed as the percentage of seconds in which coding errors are generated within the seconds available ( percent of Error Seconds ) .
% SES : Measure of the mean code error rate per second ; expressed as the percentage of time ( seconds ) code error generation exceeds 10 - 3 for the available time ( percent of Severer Error Seconds ) .
( 1 ) Signals used  , after channel allocation has been confirmed , to provide proscribed call services for the control of call originating and terminating .
( 1 ) The central frequency of local reference signal is fixed in deviation as much as intermediate frequency ( IF ) .
( 1 ) The membership of each country is in duplicate : the government and the communication operator .
( 1 ) The MS sends a service request signal to the base station ( BS ) of the zone in which the vehicle is located .
( 1 ) When a call is made from a fixed to a mobile subscriber  , the PSTN translates the called called - party number ( OAOCDEFGHJ ) and because it is prefaced by a mobile network identification number OAO , the PSTN routes the call to the nearest mobile gate switch ( MGS ) .
( 1 ) When a mobile moves into a new location registration area  , the MS sends location registration request signal to the BS1 of the new area to update its position .
( 1 ) When one channel is coded by 8 bits  , how many bits are there in a frame ( 125us ) ?
( 10 ) After verify the authentication result are correct  , D - AMS1 connect the call to D - AMS2 .
( 10 ) D - AMS2 forwards the subscriber connection through to the BS2 .
( 128  , 112 ) BCH code is able to correct any single and double bit errors in one code block .
( 128  , 112 ) BCH code is employed in the INTELSAT TDMA system because of its advantages , namely , high performance in error correction , excellent transmission efficiency , and applicability to TDMA , which handles high - speed signals .
( 2 ) Signals used by a mobile station on standby to report its location to the base station for registration in anticipation for call terminating control .
( 2 ) Signals used to supervise and control the ever - changing condition of channels ; so that the prescribed quality will be maintained while channels are being used for call services .
( 2 ) The DS code is not changed by the baseband input .
( 2 ) The MGS identifies the HLR where subscriber 's data in stored from the dialed digits CDEF  , and remotely accesses the HLR to read out the subscriber 's data associated with the digits GHJ .
( 2 ) The supreme decision - making organization is also in duplicate : the meeting of signatories and the assembly of parties .
( 2 ) The sync channel operates at the fixed rate of 1200bps .
( 2 ) Utilizing radio channels effectively by making it possible for many terminal to use plural channels in common in one radio zone .
( 3 ) A check must be made that the channels have been satisfactorily al - located .
( 3 ) D - AMS 1 acts as the call control station  , in identifies the HLP where the subscriber 's data is stored from the mobile 's phone number , information which is included in the service request signal .
( 3 ) D - AMS1 identifies the relevant HLR from the mobile 's identification number  , then execute and authentication routine with the MS using authentication key data obtained by remotely accessing the database .
( 3 ) ERMES ( European Radio Message System ) : The thirteen principal European countries jointly developed this format .
( 3 ) Maintenance capabilities of the network management system .
( 3 ) Reusing the frequency used in one radio zone in another radio zone by keeping the zones more than some fixed distance apart .
( 3 ) Scattering Loss Caused by Non - Uniformity of Optical - Fiber Structure Actual optical fibers are neither ideally circular in cross section nor uniformly cylindrical in the longitudinal structure of their core and clad .
( 3 ) Signals used in call originating control up to the point a which channels are allocated to each mobile station .
( 3 ) Signals used to close channels the moment a call is completed  , as well as to restore channel condition in readiness for the next call .
( 3 ) The MGS confirms that the called mobile isn't busy then routes the call to D - AMS1 representing the mobile local switches in the location registration area where the mobile is registered .
( 3 ) The paging channel supports the fixel data rate of 9600  , 4800 and 2400bps .
( 4 ) After channel allocation  , it is necessary to monitor channel quality , if the quality falls below a certain level , other channels must be found and allocated , either within the same radio zone or in a cluster of zones .
( 4 ) After verify that the authentication results are correct  , D - AMS1 updates the subscriber data location registration area number in the HLR .
( 4 ) D - AMS 1 initiates an authentication procedure with the mobile to verify that the MS originating the service request BS1 to select an idle radio channel .
( 4 ) D - AMS1 acts as the call - control switching office and sends paging signals to its own BS1 and to D - AMS2 also associated with the area within which the mobile is registered .
( 4 ) Signals used in call terminating control up to the point a which channel are allocated to each mobile station .
( 4 ) The forward traffic channel supports the operation of various data rate such as 9600  , 4800 , 2400 and 1200bps .
( 5 ) A check must be made that the new channels have been satisfactorily allocated .
( 5 ) After translating the subscriber data read out from the HLR and verifying the authentication results are correct  , D - AMS1 requests BS1 to select an idle radio channel .
( 5 ) The monitoring of received leaves at adjacent base station which make the call to be continuous by detecting the moved cell and transferring the cell to radio channel when the mobile which is in calling moves cell  , is important control technique when the received signal strength is dropped at base station in analog cellular system , the base stations is near cell measure the signal ; strength of mobile all at once .
( 6 ) BS2 and BS2 broadcast the identification number of the called mobile on their paging channels .
( 6 ) D3 ( digital 3 ) . D3 was developed by NEC in 1983 and has been used in adopted in the USA .
( 6 ) It a line is not satisfactorily disconnected at the end of a call  , of if channel quality becomes unacceptably poor , the channels must be closed .
( 7 ) BS1 transmits the number of an idle BS2 channel to D - AMS1 .
( 7 ) Coupling Loss of Optical Fibers with Light - Emitting and Light - Receiving Devices .
( 7 ) The mobile identifies its number  , and acknowledgment signal to BS2 .
( 8 ) To connect to the call to a party on the public switched telephone network ( PSTN )  , D - AMSI sets up a connection to the mobile gate switch ( MG - S ) .
( 8 ) When D - AMS1 receives the paging acknowledgment signal from D - AMS2 it sends a paging cancel signal to its BS1 .
( 9 ) D - AMS1 initiates and authentication procedure with the mobile to verify that the MS receiving th call is a legitimate subscriber .
( 9 ) In order to shift the connection from BS2 that has the idle channel to receive the call  , D - AMS1 connects the subscriber line to D - AMS2 that covers the area where BS2 is located .
( A ) As a paging channel with large throughput is deployed in each cluster of zones  , the decrease in control traffic for registering locations and the increase in reactive traffic for general calling offset each other .
( A ) Paging channels need be selected and switched only when the mobile station enters a new cluster of zone  , this reduces the number of locations when the control function is inoperative .
( a ) The technique for adjusting time positions between pulses ( clock phase ) on each highway and the beginning of the pulse train ( frame phase ) between incoming highways .
( B ) A transmission control channel with small throughput is deployed in each cluster of zones .
( B ) By transmitting the signals through a number of base stations  , site diversity leads to a highly reliable control signal transmission system .
( C ) In identifying the zone in which a mobile station is located  , as a preliminary to channel allocation , there is no need for complex control procedures involving a number of base stations receiving a signal burst from the mobile station and comparing reception levels .
( C ) One radio channel is used over a cluster of zones  , small frequency differences between base stations can system ( transmission from the base station ) near zone boundaries .
( CL ) is suitable for scattered  , independent communication .
( CO ) is suitable for long – term  , continuous sending and receiving of large amounts of data ( Exchange connection ) .
( D ) It is not possible for each base station to determine which zone the mobile station is in .
( D ) The number of control channels deployed and the number of transmission and reception equipment can be adjusted in each zone to suit the volume of traffic .
( Fig .2.46 ) is a part of ( Fig.2.45 ) which shows relation between a cell and the reuse cells .
( Fig.2.37 ) is shown the transmitting and receiving timing at base station and that of mode in mobile unit in case of 3 channel TDMA .
( Fig.2.44 ) shows the 3 cell reuse pattern of regular hexagonal cell and all the service area divided by 3 frequency group F1  , F2 , F3 .
( Fig.2.50 ) shows channel allocation of each cell under the condition that same cell and adjacent cell will not used adjacent channel .
( i ) Interface between ATM users and private ATM network systems that are operated as subscriber private network devices .
( I ) Registration of a subscriber 's current a area code to home memory .
( i ) Routing function using the international pursuit routing number  , which differs from the terminating subscriber number .
( ii ) Information transit function of the terminating mobile station number  , used for paging .
( ii ) Interface between private ATM network systems and public ATM network systems .
( II ) Pursuit of the connection path to the location registration area .
( iii ) Direct interface between ATM users and public ATM network systems .
( iii ) Information transit of the subscriber data .
( III ) Paging over multiple units in a location registration area .
( iv ) Information transit of the identities peculiar to mobile communication networks ( a base number  , a radio channel number , etc . ) .
( IV ) Managing hand over for continuous communication even during roaming .
[ 1 ] Fill the blank with a proper word selected from those given below .
[ 10 ] Show below is the method of multiplexing serial signals of 8 bits on eight highways int o signals on one highway by means of serial / parallel converters and a multiplexer ( MUX ) .
[ 11 ] For access to a memory in the time switch in ordinary access  , writing and reading are performed alternately .
[ 12 ] Shown below are the two methods of access for writing / reading data into memories in the time switch .
[ 13 ] By using the following equations ( 1 ) and ( 2 ) given for reference  , calculate the degree of lomtiplexing , n , when the number of times of switch access is A = 1 , the memory cycle is tc = 30ns ( = 30x10 - 9 sec ) and the number of parallel bits is P = 8 .
[ 14 ] We are learning about the configuration of the switching network  , and have studies two types of the network to far .
[ 15 ] Shown below is the configuration of a space switch where gate circuits are controlled by Nos . 1 ~ n control stores .
[ 16 ] Look at flowing two types of network configuration and confirm : that the number of terminals required for a single both - way circuit is :
[ 17 ] Fill in the blanks with proper words by using Fig 2.2 .
[ 18 ] Fill in the blanks in the following sentences by using Fig 2.27 .
[ 20 ] Show  , by a thick line in the followings figure , the route on which time slot # 2 on outgoing highway 21 in the primary time switch is passed through the space switch to the secondary time switch ( T1 ) .
[ 21 ] Fill in the following blanks with proper figures by using Fig 2.27 .
[ 22 ] Since the content of the SCM corresponding to a certain time switch coincide with each other  , it is possible to control these two time switches with one SCM .
[ 23 ] Fill in the following blanks with a proper word or symbol .
[ 24 ] The synchronization techniques can roughly be divided into two types of techniques : the frequency synchronization technique and phase synchronization technique .
[ 3 ] Shown below is the signal configuration obtained by time division multiplexing of 128 channels .
[ 4 ] Shown below is the signal configuration obtained by time division multiplexing of 128 channels .
[ 5 ] In time slot interchange in the time switch  , writing ( W ) into the memory and reading ( R ) from the memory are usually performed alternately .
[ 6 ] When time slot Tn comes  , signal N is written at address # ( 1 ) – in the time switch and , at the same time , signal ( 2 ) - having been written in time slot T3 of the frame is read out from address # 3 .
[ 7 ] Fig a below shows an equivalent circuit of a time switch with a multiplexing degree of n in terms of a space division switch .
[ 9 ] Shown below is the case where signals are read out from the time switch by random control .
· As the solution of this phenomenon  , automatic volume controller is available in synchronous fading and diversity technique is available in selective fading .
0.5 is not appropriate in the perspective of waiting time jitter and according ly  , has not been used in the existing plesiochronous transmission system .
1 ) CS - 2 is a subset of the target intelligent network architecture .
1 ) If the working span passes through the pseudo - hub office ( office C )  , such as span ( B , HH ) , demands originating from Office B are directed to the foreign hub via PS - B ( i . e , no protection switching is initiated at Office B ) .
1 ) It should be capable of connecting calls made by the originating subscribers registered in the system to all the terminating subscribers at any time or pre - set times .
1 ) One fiber system constituting a fiber span ( A  , HH ) passing through the pseudo - hub office is connected through a PS at the pseudo - hub office for the DH ( C ) / 1 : 1 / DP architecture , rather than being spliced together as in the SH / 1 : 1 / DP architecture .
1 ) Optical fiber that has low loss throughout the wide wavelength area .
1 ) Properly selected channel codes should the sent to all the trunk lines not in use .
1 ) Should secure BSI ( Bit Sequence Independence ) so as to prevent the continuation of specific bit such as 0 or 1 .
1 ) The modulation method must be amplitude modulation or an equivalent .
1 ) The range of the call switch circuit network supervised by one control circuit is small .
1 ) This is defined for a density of 1  , used to extract synchronization information from the T - carrier equipment .
1 ) Utilization of wavelength dispersion in prism .
1 / Linear type and plane type cell allocation when the cell allocation is linearized since the service area is on the coast along the beach or along the main load between metropolis for several decades kms  , cell is lined up and reuse the same frequency every turns of the frequencies .
1 / The frequency using efficiency is good because the same frequency can be used in another zone which have enough distance to prevent interference in service area .
1 / When the front - to - back separation degree of antenna is insufficient .
1 An exciting signal generating circuit is necessary .
1 through n are the Terminal Short Numbers of the respective traffic stations .
1. Safety  , reliability : Strength against internal weakness and external threat enables maintaining of stable service quality .
1. A high - speed and wide - band signal transmission is possible because of their high - speed modulation capability .
1. A single speech generation model cannot necessarily be applied to everyone .
1. Between the concentration line synchronization device of the local concentrator and the frame synchronization device of the time division switching system side  , information and synchronization required for channel identification are changed during the signaling and high - speed data transmission .
1. Degree of maintenance by facility : Ease of maintenance tasks  , such as inspection , repair .
1. Determine the resources to be subjected to network management .
1. Failure of telecommunication facilities in a subscriber system When such failure affects more that 30  , 000 subscribers , and the duration of the interruption is more than two hours .
1. From centralization to a system for coexistence of centralization and decentralization .
1. High speech quality and low signal delay to match the performance of coding in fixed telephone networks .
1. Low loss : As shown in Fig  , optical cables are lower in loss than metallic - balanced - pair cables or coaxial cables using copper .
1. Paraboic antenna of the Primary - Focus Feed Type .
1. Propagation of low frequency band is made using ground wave by the diffraction of radio wave .
1. Relation between costs and the expense of decreasing those costs .
1. Site selection : does this satisfy line - of - sight ?
1. The system for handling abnormalities that occur within the network must be clarified and describe the allocation of tastes  , contact system , and range of responsibilities .
1. To integrate optical fibers : into communication cables  , the following designed considerations are required :
1. We check demand forecasting and traffic forecasting in detail .
1. When we make long – term plans and mid – term plans  , we review the demand and traffic forecasting data , if necessary .
1.6 The Configuration of the Service Protection Network .
12 channels are multiplexed to make 60 ch  , 252 KHz as basic bandwidth signal at 36 MHz bandwidth .
146 Mbps optical communication can be directly made with this signal processed through LTE ( Lightwave Transmission Equipment ) .
15 forward directed and 15 backward directed signals are generated by using the frequency combination of 2 sets 2 out of 6 in - band frequency in order to transmit and receive various types of information .
2 - wire balanced pair cable that is symmetric with copper wire of 2 - pair is used for the modes that transmitting the baseband signals not multiplexed ( including the voice  , data , image signal ) and that multiplexing the voice with a number of lines in a size and transmitting .
2 ) A bit stream is made up of frames having 193 bits per frame in countries utilizing u - law ) .
2 ) and 3 ) cause greater loss when the NA of optical fiber is greater .
2 ) Generally  , 0 are inserted to stop word whose bits are 0 from being set .
2 ) If the diverse protection span of the working span passes through the pseudo - hub office ( Office C )  , such as span ( A , HH ) , Office A initiates diverse protection switching to reroute its demands to the foreign hub via its diverse protection span and PS - A .
2 ) It should be capable of meeting the transmission requirements and characteristics .
2 ) Should reduce the spreading of code error when it occurs .
2 ) Stable light source throughout every wavelength band .
2 ) The DH ( C ) / 1 : 1 / DP architecture requires an additional semi - span connecting the pseudo - hub to its foreign hub for each dual office on a normal SH / 1 : 1 / DP network .
2 ) The process off modulation and demodulation must be linear .
2 ) The simultaneous transmission of heterogeneous signal is generally convenient ( For example  , analog video signal and digital data signal ) .
2 ) The switching system can be divided and re - set up by combining its parts differently for higher flexibility .
2 ) Utilization of the feature that the dielectric layer which has different refraction rate transmits or reflects only the light of specific wavelength .
2 / It has a good quantity because the service area consist of several continuous small zone .
2 / The gap between the end planes of two optical fibers being connected with each other .
2 / When reflecting by geographical features at X point .
2 It is difficult to adjust and is unsuitable for mass production because of the waveguide circuit employed .
2. Conservation : Good maintenance deficiency enables quick recovery from failure .
2. Average repair time : Average time required for maintenance after a failure is generated .
2. Good channel - error robustness appropriate for mobile communications speech coding .
2. High directivity and low sidelobe characteristics .
2. Increase in personnel required for and expense of private network operation .
2. Make the information related to network management for each resource into a data base .
2. Relation between deterioration of individual facilities and the cost required for their maintenance .
2. Selection of operating frequency : avoid interference with adjacent frequency in use .
2. Since the size of the code book is limited  , there are sometimes cases where a sound cannot be reproduced with a standard pattern .
2. Small size  , and high - efficiency electrical - to - optical conversion .
2. The Attainment of Low Eb / No Value - Multipath and Diversity .
2. The system type should be checked again  , considering the technogycal progress and cost change , if necessary .
2. Wide bandwidth : Optical fiber cables can carry signals of much higher frequency compared to coaxial cables as shown in Fig  , though the degree of difference depends on the kind of optical cables .
2.5.3 Addition of New Service Independent Building Block ( SIB ) .
2.7. Methods of Estimating Electric Field Intensity For Mobile Ration Communication .
24 bits are assigned to VPI / VCI in User Network Interface ( UNI ) and 28 bits are assigned in Network Node Interface ( NNI ) .
2msec corresponds to the length of 16 PCM frames because one PCM frame is equal to 125 usec .
3 ) CS - 2 is a set of definitions of capabilities that are of direct use for both manufactures and network operators .
3 ) Even if the input bit streams have been synchronized  , the phase can be changed .
3 ) Extension of circuit without extending line is convenient  , and it can cope with the unexpected new types of service .
3 ) High stability  , high quality and capability of wideband communications .
3 ) If the working span terminates at the pseudo - hub office  , such as span ( C , HH ) , no action is initiated .
3 ) Light receiving elements that has sufficient sensitivity at each wavelength band .
3 ) Line network operation can be carried out flexibly according to the traffic requirements .
3 ) The numbers for designating terminating subscribers should be standardized .
3 ) The signal information ( off - hook  , on - hook ) of each channel are inserted into LSB ( Least Significant Bit ) of each channel of very sixth frame .
3 ) The transmission lines must free of the presence of non - linear portion including amplifiers having saturation characteristics .
3 ) Utilization of the wavelength dispersion at diffraction grid .
3 / The axes of optical fibers being connected are not parallel respective to each other .
3. A bit rate of 4kbit / sec  , a processing load of 20 MOPS , and power consumption of about 100 m W .
3. ATM Management and Subscriber Distribution Network Technology .
3. Failure of telecommunication facilities important for utilization of a satellite or submerge coaxial cable .
3. Greater loss allowed between the light - emitting and light - receiving devices thanks to high optical output  , and low minimum optical input for the required transmission quality .
3. Make path profile on the basis of which the height of tower is to decided .
3. Plotting the planned site and existing system on the map .
3. Small diameter  , and light weight : Optical fiber cables are smaller in diameter and lighter in weight when compared with other cables .
3. Specify individual management tasks  , such as control and configuration management , for the entire network based on the information in the data base .
3. The system configuration and link budget should be reviewed in detail  , the main points are as follows :
3. There are differences in the phonemes - such as consonants and vowels - that constitute different languages .
32kbps ADPCM method adopted in October of 1984 is used to convert current A - law 64Kbps PCM signals to ADPCM signals .
32kps ADPCM is capable of transferring the amount of voice two times greater than the conventional 64kbps PCM method  , and accordingly , is widely adopted by the transcoder or high - efficiency coding terminal devices .
4 - phase PSK is the modulation technique employed .
4 - phase PSK modulation is employed taking into account effective use of the limited power and frequency bandwidth of the satellite transponder .
4 ) CS - 2 provides network capabilities to support services either defined or in the process of being defined by ITU - T ( e . g . UPT : Universal Personal )  , .
4 ) Faults occurred have a minimum affect on the entire system since control circuits are modulized .
4 ) It should be capable of carry out accurate and highly reliable communications .
4 ) It transmits by dividing the same transmission capacity into several channels  , and lowers the transmission speed in each channel , which enables to extend the length of regenerating distance or lower the price of the regenerator .
4 ) Optical multiplexer and demultiplexer method with proper feature is necessary .
4 ) The DS1 interface should be capable of providing the maintenance and repair  , and alarm report functions .
4 It is disadvantageous in terms of teliability and maintainability .
4. Economic performance : Lower construction and maintenance costs enable provision of good - quality service at less expense .
4. A coding algorithm derived through enhancement of CELP methods .
4. Non - inductiveness : Because glass is of no electric conductivity  , optical fiber cables are not affected by electromagnetic induction from outside ( high - voltage - power cable , television or radio waves , etc . ) .
4. Route computing : after deciding radio reliability  , the level of receiving signal should be designed to be over certain critical value .
4. Study the processing capacity of the center based on the management tasks specified .
49 information flows are defined for SCF - SSF  , 6 for SCF - SRF and 5 for SCF - SDF in the framework of CS - 1 .
4PSK and 16QAM signal point layouts are indicated by this vector representation as shown in fig 5. .
5 ) CS - 2 architecture may be support over PSTN  , isdn and mobile networks .
5 ) High economy in long - distance communications  , particularly , in intercontinental communications .
5 ) The change in DC level of code row should be small . In other words  , the component of low frequency in the frequency spectrum of code row should be small .
5. Resource saving : Quartz  , which is the main constituent of optical fibers , is of less difficulty in future material supply when compared to precious copper .
6 ) The supervision of code error rate in the optical transmission system should be easy .
6 / The curvature rate distribution or NA of optical fibers are different .
6. Decision of equipment performance : decide most economic performance of equipment for the distance computed by ( 4 ) .
800 Portability  , which became effective on May 1 , 1993 , had very much impact on the national network configuration in USA .
800 portability allows the subscribers to change their 800 numbers .
A ) All user access technologies ( e . g . both analog and ISDN ) under consideration should be supported ) .
A ) At the communication satellite input point  , the received power levels from each earth station must be uniform .
A . G . Bell  , an inventor of a telephone system , came up with a photophone that converted the vibration of the phonograph into light .
A . Maintenance cost : quantitatively determine the trends in number of maintenance tasks  , costs of materials , costs of labor , etc . , required for maintenance . And made it into a data base .
A . One transmitter simultaneously amplifiers a plural number of carrier ( The following figure 2.23a ) .
A . Time series forecast : Use time series leveling of past results .
A / The interference of the same frequencies should be lower than limited value .
A 0.32mm multi - units cable conductor is used within 1 km of the exchange and of the area of a four wire switching system .
A 16 - level quantizer gives good reproduction except when an object when an object containing large and abrupt brightness transitions moves rapidly in the scene .
A 64 - level quantizer gives good reproduction for most video telephone scenes .
A binary code consist of a combination of some unit pulses .
A bit stream should at least have 1 of 12.5 % and also  , 15 of more Os should not be generated continuously .
A bit synchronization circuit  , frame synchronization circuit and the BCH code composition circuit are built into the decoder so that the serial data can be composed .
A block diagram for a typical digital microwave radio - relay system is shown in Fig 1.2 .
A block diagram of a hypothetical one - way digital radio path is shown in Fig 2.24 .
A block diagram of the predictor is shown in Fig.6.5 .
A block represents a functional group necessary for the procedure for access of the user to the network .
A BPSK signal is generated with a circuit  , for example , as shown in the following :
A BSHR may use two or four fibers depending on the spare capacity arrangement .
A call being terminated is transferred to the other telephone .
A call can be set up between the calling and subscribers at the pre - specified time .
A call dialed with an extension number inside a company is connected through a public network .
A call made is transferred automatically to the next number when There is no answer from the representative number dialed .
A call to the third party is established after holding the counterpart .
A carrier is generally expressed according to the following formula :
A CDC message destined for all traffic stations carries a Status code indicating the status of the reference station and the current Burst Time Plan number together with the Terminal Short Number 0 .
A CDC message destined for an individual traffic station carries a Control code and transmit delay Dn together with the Terminal Short Number of the traffic station .
A CDC message with one of these Terminal Short Numbers is transmitted to the traffic station which has this Terminal Short Number assigned to it .
A chain of SIBs are performed to realized services and service features in the service plane .
A channel receiving a signal lower than 1.544 Mbps causes the number of stuffing bits to go up so that  , multiplexed signals are always maintained in 6.312 Mbps .
A check of the charging rate ( proportional to distance between the originating area and the terminating area ) is needed in order to use the periodic pulse metering method .
A circuit in which the whole bandwidth of a 41 MHz transponder is dedicated for transmission of one television channel is called a full transponder television circuit .
A circular flexible waveguide the facilitates the waveguide running for connecting the antenna and main feeder .
A circularly polarized wave is a wave which travels while its polarization is rotating .
A circularly polarized wave is right - or left hand polarized depending on whether the phase difference between the linearly polarized waves is leading or lagging .
A clear  , easily understood conversation can be provided by transmitting the range from 300 to 3400 Hz .
A clear request packet is sent upon the termination of communication and this logic channel is cleared through the use of a clear indication packet and clear confirm packet .
A clock with a stability better than + 10 - 11 should be provided at a node in which a domestic digital network and an international digital link are interconnected .
A closed number method that restricts the call accesses within a specific group should be employed .
A code used for load sharing  , which may be the least significant part of a label component that identifies a user transaction at layer 4 .
A combination of TDMA and DSI can provide three or four times as much transmission capacity as FM / FDMA .
A common approach to providing a self - healing capability is to - provide a second communications ring parallel to the first working ring .
A common network clock frequency is established by adjusting the clocks of all digital switch mutually .
A communications network can be set up by connecting directly subscribers providing and receiving information via the network when their number are not that great .
A complicated control logic is required since the continuous sequence of cells should be maintained for the application of traffic shaping .
A comprador is sometimes referred to as a combined acronym of compressor and Expandor .
A connection types represents the functional mode of the communication channel to be set in the network on the basic of the service requirement from a user .
A DDX packet network is used to enable easy configuration of a remote concentrated control network for an inter - of - fice information transportation network .
A demand growth rate ( P ) for each group is then calculated using the overall demand growth rate for the service area according to table 2.2 .
A detailed expansion plan is required to run line facilities that can meet user 's needs for a variety of services including telephone services and others .
A device or equipment for converting information generated into signals that are transferred via a transmission line .
A device or equipment used to convert signals that have been received into original signals .
A diagram of this call transfer for Multiple Area Paging Service is shown in Fig.9.5 .
A dial pulse or direct loop is the example of the out - of - band signaling system .
A digital com - munications network consists of digital switches and digital transmission lines .
A digital exchange consists of a number of LSI semiconductor circuits and performs switching of voice signals  , which are analog signals , in the form of the digital signals 0 or 1 .
A digital implementation was chosen largely because in could economically provide a non - blocking operation .
A digital transmission system is superior to an analog system  , it is impossible to avoid the waveform distortion caused by thermal noise , amplitude distortion , delay distortion and so on .
A DNI module assigns fixed satellite channels to the date input or others and generates DNI sub - bursts .
A DNI sub - burst carries speech non - interpolated signals such as data .
A DS signal instantaneously appears on the bandwidth of one part in the overlapped form of a great number of spread spectrum signals and the entire signal appears as it moves to other bandwidth by the FH signal pattern .
A DSI module has several functions at the transmit side .
A DSI module is usually operated in the multidestination mode .
A DSI module operating in the multidestination mode can accommodate channels to the 8 destinations at a maximum .
A DSI module performs digital speech interpolation for the voice signal input and generates a DSI sub - burst .
A DSI sub - burst consists of one assignment channel and a number of satellite channels .
A DSI sub - bursts  , accommodates speech interpolated signals .
A DSX provides signal cross - connects  , test access , facility maintenance , and facility rearrangement .
A dual - homing architecture . which splits demand evenly between the home and foreign hubs  , is a cost - effective choice among possible demand - splitting options ; it has been implemented in some telephone companies in the US .
A facilities ' ability to meet demand is the possibility of meeting demand without shortening intervals of facilities expansion  , and is expressed in percentage ( % ) .
A failure of the pseudo - hub office is treated as a fiber cable cut in DH ( C ) / 1 : 1 / DP networks .
A fast instruction cycle time of 50 nanoseconds or less .
A fast synchronization is required for the code correlation between transmit ends of DS system  , the TH system is ideal for the case .
A FDMA or TDMA receiver experiences a long time delay when re - allocating the channels and accordingly  , the characteristics for such a low voice load rate can not be utilized fully .
A FE is a unique group of functions at a single location .
A feeder cable is connected to a distribution cable at the feeder point in each fixed distribution area .
A feeder point is in principle determined at one location in one distribution system area in consideration of the management of facilities and demand .
A field survey is carried out in the following steps based on the survey maps to estimate future conditions and the degree of development in each fixed distribution area .
A field survey is carried out using the survey maps with necessary information entered to actually see the area to be surveyed and the fixed distribution areas in it  , the following are also checked to obtain a rough picture of the whole area to be surveyed .
A fire broke out in front of the Setagaya central office in November 1984  , causing a severe disruption of communications service .
A fixed code of 32 bits  , it is the same code for every groups .
A fixed distribution area is divided into several smaller regions by cable - wire diameter .
A fixed distribution area where one or more unit zones need capacity increase although the underground cable in the area do not ( defined as a fixed distribution area subject to relief of unit zones ) .
A fixed distribution area where the necessary capacity increase can be handle by allocating unused units in existing underground cable .
A fixed distribution area where the necessary capacity increase can not be handle by allocating unused units in existing underground cable and additional cable must be installed ( defined as a fixed distribution area subject to intra - area relief ) .
A fixed satellite service link set up between the ends of the hypothetical reference circuit or the hypothetical reference digital path referred to in Recommendations 352 - 4 and 521 - 1 should be considered to be unavailable if one or more of the following conditions exist at either of the receiving ends of link for longer than 10 consecutive seconds :
A frame of the SDH interface has a period of 125 ms  , that is the sampling rate of audio signals ( in the case , one byte transmits 64 kb / s ) .
A frame structure suitable for ensuring the accessibility of digital services and meeting the requirements of the network configuration and operation should be determined first in order to set the proper speed of a synchronous digital hierarchy .
A frequency modulation system changes the frequency of a carrier in proportion to the voltage ( current ) of the signal to be transmitted .
A function for reshaping a waveform received is required to correct deformed waveforms and evaluate the existence of signals .
A fundamental attribute of a digital system is that the probability of transmission errors can be made arbitrarily small by inserting regenerative repeaters at intermediate points in the transmission link .
A fundamental factor for calculating the capacity is called the planned number of cables - the total number of cables such as subscriber cables  , trunk cables and optical fiber cables projected for 15 years from the time of calculation .
A gateway location register ( GLR ) is needed to provide an automatic roaming service that enables a roamer to have seamless communications with other networks .
A general calling system with a high transmission efficiency can set up its control signal transmission system on the paging channel  , which a random access ( contention ) system which has a high risk of signal collision can only be set up on the transmission control channel .
A general rule states that a cable can be laid underground only when the number of pairs in the cable is 600 or more ( 400 or more for 0.9 mm cable ) .
A geostationary satellite is a satellite launched into a circular orbit at a height of about 36  , 000km over the equator .
A global ( network - wide ) Basis Call Process SIB ( BCP ) and other Service Independent Building Blocks ( SIBs ) are contained in this plane .
A good example of this is a telephone communications network .
A great deal of research work has been directed to achieving an efficient inteframe coding algorithm  , such as found adaptive predictive coding .
A great number of subscribers share the switching system and because the size of the memory available in the switching system is limited  , deadlock due to the black of memory occurs .
A great number of traffic signals under progress with pilot signal transmitted by adjacent cell sites are included in the digitalized IF signals .
A higher – order multiplexed signal is produced by multiplexing two or more lower - order group signals .
A higher - state QAM can be composed by orthogonal two AM signals having n - levels  , so that it has 2n signal points .
A historical record shows that in about B . C . 1000  , greek troops utilized this method to inform their victories to the anxious citizens of Greece .
A horn - reflector antenna is most available for use of such a wide - frequency band and this system can also employ two orthogonal linear polarization ( vertical and horizontal ) in each frequency band .
A hub failure rarely occurs  , but when it does the impact on user communicates is significant .
A key element of service integration for an ISDN is the provision of a range of services using a limited set of multipurpose user – network interface arrangements .
A LAN enables unlimited communication with any terminals connected to it .
A LAN is a network that uses high - speed transmission lines to connect equipment distributed in a small area  , such as a company office , college , laboratory , a plant building .
A large amount of background noise in a speech signal does not only degrade the efficiency with which it can be encoded  , but it can also appear to the coding algorithm as part of the actual speech , resulting in regenerated speech that is incongruous and uncomfortable sounding .
A large amplitude represents high saturation or brilliant color .
A large number of cables are installed in a special manhole of L - or T - shape  , preventing cable rearrangement .
A larger core diameter and higher NA will provide higher coupling efficiency .
A larger echo distortion noise is observed for a larger impedance mismatch and longer distance between the reflecting points .
A line protection switched SHR architecture uses the SONET line overhead ( e . g .  , k1 and K2 bytes ) , to convey the failure message and to trigger the protection switching action .
A linearly polarized wave can be generated by loading signals from a rectangular waveguide to a horn antenna .
A list of technical features of digital communications network is provided in table 3. .
A little later  , bbtg was designated as WP8 but UNI standardization job encountered difficulties concerning the size of ATM cell . , bit rate and frame structure on contact plane .
A little later  , J . Presper Ecker and John W . Mauchly of the University of Pennsylvania developed the shared computer called ENIAC , for the first time .
A little later  , men invented the signal fire capable of transmitting massages effectively and rapidly to distant places .
A local center  , toll center , sectional center , and regional center .
A local network that requires one or two switching systems can be set up if necessary .
A logic gate is used on the cross point of the vertical and horizontal axis .
A long - range must be made to promote underground distribution efficiently and economically .
A loop test is executed for the radio path in the new radio zone and if it is good the AMS is notified .
A low - orbit satellite is a satellite which is to be seen moving continuously from the earth since the time required for the satellite to move around on its orbit is different from the period of rotation of the earth on its axis .
A low noise amplified is also essential to receive very weak signals from the satellite .
A lower class ( subclass ) can taken over the properties of one class .
A lump of signals forming signal message is called a field .
A major accident is any failure on such a scale that a report to the Ministry of Posts and Telecommunication is required in accordance with Stipulation number 58 ( Major Accidents Requiring a Report ) of the Enforcement Regulations of the Telecommunication Business Law  , and includes the following :
A major limitation with the full use of LSI components result from limited availability of external connections to the device .
A managed object can have multiple attributes as it properties .
A manual describing the procedures for measures to be take to recover from abnormalities but must be provided .
A maximum of 7 paging channels can be allocated to each allocated bandwidth .
A Maxwell equation ( wave theory ) should be used to explain physical phenomenon such as the interference  , coupling , and degeneracy of light passing through the optical fiber .
A medium for transferring signals from a transmitter to a receiver .
A message is outputted on detection of a fault in the resource designated as abnormal on the display screen .
A mobile unit always maintains the current area ID code in memory : it detects the change in area ID code from the MBS when it passes through the radio zone  , and it references with the area ID code in memory to determined on the basis of the open circuit information for the location it has just moved into and the outputs a location registration signal including ht moving unit 's ID number to the MBS .
A mobile unit often moves to a new channel zone during a call .
A more efficient coding system should be selected or developed for the economical capacity usage of long - haul digital transmission lines .
A multiplexer or switching matrix for time division digital signals is implemented with the same basic circuits used to build digital computers : logic gates and memory .
A narrowband information having a bandwidth of about 4KHz  , required for telephones and low - speed data communications .
A nationwide mobile communications network must have inter - office trunk lines between the gateway MCG and the visited AMS  , and between visited AMS .
A network can be set up using one among a T - switch  , S - switch , or combination of the two .
A network management system maintains a private network in good condition and provides efficient operation  , maintenance and control of that system .
A network reference frequency is transmitted to a few selected higher - level switching nodes by way of existing digital transmission lines .
A new signaling protocol should be introduced for non - related signals .
A new system with common - channel control was introduced in November 1988  , as show in Figure 1.1.5 , the switching office and control office for this new system are integrated with 800 MHz band mobile telephone system to reduce system cost and unify maintenance and operation .
A new value of Dn is delivered through CDC to each traffic station every control frame .
A newer multiplexing format ( SONET ) is much more amenable to direct interconnection into a switching system .
A node structure using conventional equipment and a node structure using module equipment .
A node wanting to transmit must wait until it receives the free token .
A non - delay telephone installation system must be efficiently maintained by securing flexible use of cable wires  , improving workability in maintenance and operation , and managing and operating line facilities with attention paid to all other details .
A non - delay telephone installation system was successfully established at the end of fiscal 1977 .
A nonstable counter is an attribute class and processes one attribute value .
A number of DSI modules can be installed in one TDMA terminal .
A number of measures have been considered for reducing the occurrence on the transmission control channel of collisions between signals transmitted from more the one mobile station .
A numeric display pager was introduced in 1987 that displays up to 12 numerical digits .
A pager senses the surrounding light and message are not deleted and are stored in memory .
A pager that uses an infinitesimal loop antenna can achieve a gain of approximately - 15dBd when used close to the body and approximately - 18dDd when used in free conversion .
A pair of vocoders are used for one path ; one is located on the MSC while another located on the digital circuit of the mobile unit .
A part of communications signals directed to one of the beams from the satellite could be received in a region of undesired beam coverage .
A PAT connector and a standard closure are used for both types of joint .
A path extends from a point where VC is formed to a point where it is discarded .
A path protection switched SHR architecture uses the path - layer signal ( e . g .  , path AIS ) to trigger protection switching .
A phase diagram of 4 PSK signal is presented in Fig.3.7 .
A phase diagram of the 2PSK signal is shown in Fig.3.5 .
A piece of equipment for this function is called multiplexer .
A plan for education and training must be established to clarify the role of each department  , and then modified based on evaluation of its results .
A preamble is then added to the beginning of the FEC coded traffic data section to form a complete traffic burst .
A primary reference station in either each or west zone beam area operates as the master primary reference station .
A private network is an original communication network built by a company to promote smoother company activities and strengthen the company 's competitiveness .
A process called the window control method that sends a certain number of data packets via the network to the terminal of the counterpart and continues to send the next data packet only after confirming the reception of these  , a process called the WABT method that sends the receive not ready when experiencing buffer shortage in order to restrict input , and a process called the network management center method that manages the status of the traffic of the network by creating a network management center .
A propagation way of light  , as described above , confined in a fiber and with a specific angle of reflection as well as with a specific electric field distribution is called a propagation mode .
A proper number of auxiliary wires or link auxiliary wires are allocated to each fixed distribution area to handle demand fluctuation estimated from the current demand tendencies and the present condition of the area to minimize differences between different fixed distribution areas in the timing of required capacity expansion  , and to improve the usage factor of cable - wires by shared use of the auxiliary wires .
A PSK modulator applies 4 - phase PSK modulation to the traffic burst signal to obtain an IF signal in a 140MHz band .
A radio wave can be transferred from a sending antenna to a receiving antenna along various propagation paths .
A radio wave emitted from a satellite in geostationary satellite orbit can cover almost 1 / 3 of the entire surface of the earth .
A re - sampling with the slower sampling rate was also employed to reduce the information generated by coding .
A received modulated signal undergoes a synchronous phase comparison with the reference carrier  , which is the output of the carrier recovery circuit ( CR ) ; the output of a low - pass filter is input to the discriminator .
A receiving earth station picks up the signals that it needs for communication by using a band pass filter .
A recorded message is activated when the called subscriber is absent .
A reference burst consists of six sections namely the carrier and bit timing recovery sequence  , the unique word , the teletype order wire channels , the Service Channel , the voice orderwire channels , and the Control and Delay Channel .
A remote switching unit is an extension of the concentration stage of the host exchange .
A replica of the echo is then generated and subtracted from the received signal .
A representative example of these first mobile systems in shown in Figure 1.1.1  , and the systems themselves are listed in Table 1.1 .
A review of the frequency spectrum of this periodic pulse shows that the first term of equation ( 2.6 ) represents a direct current component and the second term a linear spectrum where a specific frequency only has energy because n is an integer .
A ring - back tone is sent to the calling party to notify that party that a call signal is being sent party .
A ring network is a collection of nodes forming a closed loop  , where each node is connected via a duplex communications facility .
A ring type LAN in which specific terminals provide the communication control functions for the LAN is called a loop type LAN .
A ringing tone is transmitted for connection and waits for the answer from the terminating subscriber .
A rough outline of this method is shown in Figure 6.8 .
A route along which there is no planned change or abolition of roads according to urban development plans .
A route most advantageous to distribution and drop - wire installation .
A route that does not interfere with roads  , road traffic and structures administered by other .
A rural area generally exhibits one or more of the following characteristics :
A rural network consists of trucking line  , distribution line as shown Fig.12 . .
A rural network is only part of the national telephone network and should be integrated with its general structure .
A satellite circuit delay compensator is designed so as to eliminate any apparent adverse effects of the propagation delay time on the data terminals provided with existing protocol ( e . g .  , basic protocol ) when the terminals are used as they are with satellite circuits .
A satellite communication system comprises a satellite in orbit and multiple Earth stations which access it .
A satellite communications system consists of a satellite in orbit and earth stations which have access to the satellite .
A satellite is composed of payload and bus  , the payload is to achieve the mission of the satellite and the bus is to support the payload .
A satellite is launched by one of two different methods : either using a multi - stage rocket or launch vehicle which is not reused  , or using a space shuttle which is reused reused repeatedly .
A satellite link includes the up and down link which connect a pair of earth stations with satellite  , respectively .
A satellite mobile communications network covers a broad area so the efficiency of the frequency utilization is low .
A satellite that can transmit and receive  , and amplify radio wave is launched into the space , and the radio wave transmitted from an earth station is amplified and retransmitted to another earth station .
A scanning process starts at the upper left comer of the field view and scans horizontal lines from left to right .
A semi - span is defined as a special span having one OLTM and one port of a PS at its two ends .
A service attribute specifies the characteristics of an ISDN service  , whose values distinguish that service from other services .
A service call is first routed to an appropriated transit exchange based on the prefix ( e . g . 0130 ) .
A Service Channel message is transmitted by two bits for each TDMA frame in which the two bits are repeated eight times .
A Service Logic Program Instance ( SLPI ) is executed in the SCF and accesses the SDF in order to search and update the service data stored in SDF as illustrated in Fig 2 - 14 .
A service of similar capabilities may be called with different names by different carries and they are the most popular services and not included in the table .
A services management service is a commercial offering to subscribers to satisfy their requirements to customize  , to control and to monitor the services for which it is provided .
A shift to the closed loop synchronism takes place when this transmitted burst is looped back from the satellite and received .
A short carrier system used for less than 100 km distance has been developed for using the pre - installed national cable economically which is practiced in the west German and France after then practicing the N system in the America in 1950 .
A SIB may be realized by more than one FE .
A signal called the indication signal is transmitted from the transmitting side in order that the two chrominance signals transmitted in every scanning line can be demodulated by in correct phase switching at the receiving side .
A signal process called pulse Seaticuffing is utilized in bit interleaving .
A signal sent from a terrestrial transmission facility ( comprising a multiplexer  , etc . ) is modulated through multiple access / modulation and demodulation equipment ; the frequency of the output signals ( at an intermediate frequency ) is converted to that of transmitted waves in the up converter .
A signal unit consists of transfer control information in addition to the information content of the signaling message .
A signaling message is transferred over the signaling link in variable length signal units .
A simple and commonly used approach is to place the protection fiber system on a physically diverse route to N working fiber systems .
A simple case is that a third party service provides could provide the whole IN platform so that the public network would only route the calls concerned to them .
A simple modulation communications system utilizing lighthouses and beacons came into existence .
A simplex SSB - AM communication system is used in the HF band  , while DSB - AM is used in the VHF band .
A single - ended service feature applies to one and only one party in a call and is orthogonal at both the service and topology levels to any other parties that may be participating in the call .
A single cycle is extracted at the pitch of the base frequency of the speech signal  , starting from the top of the codebook .
A sinusoidal signal  , cos ( ) , having an certain phase can be represented by addition theorem of trigonometrically function as :
A slight loss in the feed assembly such as polarizer  , tracking coupler , waveguide , etc , is a significant factor which dominates the quality of satellite communications handling weak signals .
A SONET ADM  , as depicted in &lt; Fig.1.55 ( c ) &gt; , is an synchronous ADM ( just like a SYNTRAN ADM ) that directly terminates high - speed fiber .
A space switch or switches are used for switching between highways .
A special road is trunk road  , such as national , toll road , or any other road covered with reinforced pavement equivalent high quality pavement , or road special treated against freezing .
A specified portion of the information – carrying capacity of a user – network interface is called a channel .
A stage of concentrating lines according to the amount of traffic to be processed after detecting calls generated  , a stage of distributing calls to the destinations based on the numbers dial , a stage of carrying out the relay connection , and finally , a stage of final selection where calls are connected to the called subscribers .
A stalpeth cable serves many data circuits  , and tapping - off from any stalpeth cable may sometimes cause a hit or intermittent disconnection fault .
A still picture ( not moving picture ) may be expressed as a variation in the luminance elements over a two dimensional field .
A STM - n signal is formed through synchronous multiplexing from hierarchy signals  , DS - 1 , DS - 2 , DS - 3 , and DS - 4E , DS - 3E , DS - 2E , DS - 1E .
A stuffing bit is a null bit with no information .
A subscriber who estimates the called party to be more than 160km from the sending office instead dials 040 xxxxxxx .
A suitable frequency bandwidth is allocated to each earth in proportion to its traffic demands .
A summary of recently reported DPS parts tailored for mobile communications application is shown in Table 6.1 .
A supplementary service cannot be offered to a customer as a stand – alone service .
A supplementary service modifies or supplements a telecommunication service by using a bearer service and a teleservice in combination .
A survey of actual conditions is a series of work to survey how current demand across the whole service area of a telephone office is distributed over the related fixed distribution areas to estimate future demand .
A survey of radio paging services in various countries is summarized in Table 9.1 .
A switch consisting of gate circuits is called a space switch ( S switch ) or gate switch ( G switch ) .
A switch consisting of semiconductor memories is called a time switch ( T switch ) or memory switch ( M switch ) .
A symbol corresponds to one of the sates of carrier phase .
A synthesizer circuit is adopted for - random changing of the received frequency in a pager .
A system is equipped with 15  , 30 or 60 time – slot to access 100 to 500 of subscribers according to the time – slot allocation .
A system is equipped with four tp sixteen radio channels which will be able to contain 10 to 100 subscribers  , depend on the subscribers calling rate , by multiple channel access technique which is executed by idle channel circulation method .
A table value related with M = 255 coding method and compressing code is shown on the table 3.5 .
A TDMA frame is divided in time and each station transmits a carrier in given time slots for a given period of time .
A TDMA terminal transmits or receives bursts one after another for several transponders .
A technique for reducing the number of times of access to about a half of that in ordinary access has been developed .
A telecommunication services that enables access to other telecommunication services while allowing personal mobility .
A telecoms services is a services offered to subscribers by a service provider in areas where the ( IN supported ) service logic is executed to provide the service .
A television signal has much redundancy .
A third party could provide service data to the service logic provided by the public network .
A time division multiplexed signal group in the period of 125 us is called a frame .
A time division multiplexing technique is used for multiplexing PCM signal .
A time division switching network consists of a single time switch or a combination of time switches or a combination of switches and space switches .
A time switch employs semiconductors such as MOS memories or bipolar memories .
A traffic burst is roughly divided into a preamble and a traffic data section .
A transaction is a group of processing requests combined into a unit by the user .
A transceiver is considered to be a regenerative repeater if the signal goes through the complete modulation - demodulation - regeneration process .
A transfer route is then selected according to its destination  , and it is transferred to the receiver 's terminal .
A typical 1 + 1 terminal station having one main channel and one protection or diversity channel is illustrated in Fig.2.21 .
A typical analog microwave radio - relay system block diagram is illustrated in Fig 1. .
A typical approach of computer manufacturers for IN is to provide SCPs and their software including SCE ( Service Creation Environment ) .
A typical approach of exchange manufactures for IN is to base their system on their own exchanges  , mainly with the objective to promote the spread usage of the exchanges .
A unit area is divided into distribution areas in each of which a main line ( divided at branch points ) and associated branch lines are scheduled to distribute .
A user – network interface defines the specification of data transfer between a user terminal and the communication network  , as explained earlier .
A user is not associated with a mobile - unit for a UPT service in the mobile telecommunications network .
A user network interface for providing high - speed and broadband services .
A user who owns a UPTN can initiate and receive calls on a personal basis no matter what terminal ( fixed or mobile ) he user or no matter where ( aboard an airplane or ship ) he user it .
A value of 10dB is generally employed as the peak factor in the INTELSAT system .
A variable paging channel can be selected randomly for use and the base station may allocate specific channels to the mobile unit .
A variety of new services have been defined in ITU - T in the framework of ISDN and a common network architecture to realize some of these services was thought to be beneficial .
A variety of services are currently being provided or to be provided in near future .
A VC - 4 is mapped into the remaining area or three VC - 3 signal can be mapped onto that area together with fixed overhead ( FOH ) .
A vender desiring to define an expanded MIB must obtain an ID  , a so - called Enterprise Code , from the IAB .
A very different procedure takes place when a car phone receives the call .
A Viterbi decoder with constraint length ( K ) of 9 and code rate of 1 / 3 is used to determine the bit sequence of information that is most likely to occur .
A wave  , which is produced by dropping a store on a calm surface of water , spreads concentrically as shown in Fig . 1.6 .
A waveform distortion like this will become the cause of inter - symbol interference and also directly influence on the BER .
A wide service area cannot  , so it is normally concerted by several radio base station in wide area mobile radio communication .
A workman s head - and - shoulder picture  , which is scanned by 256 horizontal lines , where each line is divided into 236 sampling points ( picture elements ) , is used to obtain Fig.6.2 .
AAL - 1 CS provides a function to correct bit error for high quality image or voice signal .
AAL - 1 observes AAL PCI to check bit error and processes AAL - PCI in case bit error is generated .
AAL - 1 provides a function to segment and reassemble user information .
AAL - 1 provides AAL function for real time con service with constant bit rate .
AAL - 1 should indicate error generated during user information transmission on management plane .
AAL - 1 transfers U - SDU of constant bit rate at the same bit rate together with related time information and provides unrecovered error indication service for high layer .
AAL - 2 observes AAL PCI to check bit error and handles bit error  , if any .
AAL - 3 / 4 CS provides AAL - SDU transparent transfer  , mapping between ALL - SAPs and ATM layer connections , error detection and handling ( CS - PDU error detection and proper handling process ) , message segmentation and reassemble , information identification , buffer allocation , etc .
AAL - 3 / 4 CS provides various functions for service users .
AAL - 5 is similar to AAL - 3 / 4 generally but featured by simplification of function .
AAL executes service signal mapping to payload space .
AAL handling procedure is described conceptually in Figure 1 - 8 .
AAL is vertically classified into SAR ( Segmentation And Reassembly ) sublayer and CS ( Convergence Sublayer )  , according to conversion of User Information ( U - SDU ) and ATM cell performed by ALL .
AAL layer consists of CS that creates high - level layer user service information in PDU and SAR sublayer that segments PDU to form the user information section of ATM cell .
AAL maps service signals onto payload area of ATM cell and ATM layer carry out ATM cell header function for transferring payload transparently .
About 77 % of its users will be covered by AIN by the end of 1994 .
About 90 % is the occupying rata of the time that OWF is lower than MUF .
About this time  , multiplexing of voice cable by PCM method is recorded a great evolution on the history of telecommunication .
Above all  , pm is that relative phase f ( t ) is proportion to the message signal u ( t ) , if phase deviation constants is kp , then PM wave S ( t ) is .
Absolute coding is used for this modulation because it is more suited to error correction than differential coding .
Absorption by material is caused by the vibration of ultraviolet rays and there are no problems at the wavelength between 0.8mm and 1.7mm .
Absorption by the molecule vibration of OH device is carried out at a wavelength of about 2.7mm ( basic vibration absorption ) .
Absorption by this OH device is great and accordingly  , to reduce loss by absorption to below 20 dB / km , contaminants should be less than several ppb .
Abstract Syntax Description Methods 1 ( ASN.1 ) is used correctly provide this information .
Access channels are the CDMA channels run in the random access method .
Access parameter messages include the information on access channel and control parameter setup .
Access systems : A communication control procedure is needed to efficiently and correctly sends / receive information between nodes .
Access unit for arbitrary different network is under congestion .
Accommodation of digital hierarchy signals recommended by ITU - TG.702 .
According  , in the case of synchronous multiplexing environment where line editing or switching must be carried out randomly at each multiplexing level , they are not suitable .
According  , the function groups of ISDN and reference points are the same as the related elements of BISDN in concepts only .
According it is known that FDMA does not need equalizer in cellular channel because the period of digital data is larger than time division multiple access .
According to Bellcore data  , the probability of transmission delay to exceed 150 usec is within 1 percent and that of the variation width of transmission delay exceeding 250 usec should not exceed 10 - 10 .
According to ITU 's Radio Regulations  , radio waves are defined as electromagnetic waves with frequencies up to 3000GHz ( wavelength of 0.1 mm ) .
According to Q.2100 that briefly explains SAAL  , the SAAL layer is made up of a structure using SSCF ( Service Specific Con - ordination Function ) which is the signaling system service related adjustment function and a service related connection type protocol , SSCOP ( Service Specific Connection Oriented Protocol ) .
According to the above function  , if adjacent digit has same phase , positive output will be yk = 1 ; bk = 1 , and if reverse phase , negative output will be yk = - 1 ; b = 0 .
According to the actively being promoted the spread of moving aerospace satellite communication technique  , the utilization of real aircraft public telephone service is going to be spreaded to international line after 1990s .
According to the CCIR recommendation  , for antennas with D / λ &gt; 100 , the sidelobe gain ( Gs ) should be lower than the following ( as shown in figure ) with the angle from the boresight Φ :
According to the cost the survivability tradeoff analysis  , the 1 : N / DP architecture is attractive for metropolitan areas in terns of costs and survivability , and the 1 : 1 / DP architecture is relatively expensive .
According to the development of radio engineering  , antenna , a converter for radio wave signal and electric signal , has been diversely developed on the basis of usage and frequency .
According to the ITU - T Recommendations  , in is defined as an architectural concept for the operation and provision of new services .
According to the sampling theorem of Shannon  , originals can be recovered when carrying out the sampling job on signaling elements to be sent at a cycle two times faster than the highest frequency .
According to the systems in figue  , the isolated pulse waveform P of the light received passes through the equalizer .
According to the table  , regular hexagonal shape cell minimizes the cell amount to cover same area .
According to the types of information to be processed  , service methods , traffic characteristics , transmission frequency bandwidths , and the characteristics of terminals are determined .
According to these program  , the microwave transmission line network were expanded radially to surrounding cities from a larger city serving as the network center .
According to this theorem  , by sampling the analog signal at a least twice its highest frequency .
According to this theory  , light entering from one side of a different medium experiences reflection and refraction using each point distributed on the boundary plane as the center of sine wave and that this speed is determined by the unique refraction ratio of the medium .
Accordingly  , it should be noted that the portability of terminal TE2 is with TA so as to support point S which is an ISDN interface .
Accordingly  , the method of approach to an ISDN and the format of ISDN to be introduced may differ from country to country .
Accordingly  , a D / A converter or decoder id required for the generation of reference voltage .
Accordingly  , a network can be set up as follows :
Accordingly  , all traffic stations can derive an identical SOF for any transponder based on the primary reference burst as a timing standard in each transponder .
Accordingly  , as a demodulation method , a fast hadamard transformers ( FHT ) which is the best receive filter for Walsh function is used .
Accordingly  , as illustrated in Figure 3 - 5 , the following processes are carried out on the forward path channel of CDMA system ; the allocated frequency is used as the center and 4 pairs are modulated by one pair of PN of PN codes , experiencing time offset and 2 pairs are modulated by added othogonal Walsh function .
Accordingly  , as the preliminary step of setting up FTTH , fttc capable of providing the existing telephone service , ISDN service , and CATV to several subscribers of a certain area unit should be set up and then , the optical subscriber network will be expanded gradually .
Accordingly  , as the preliminary step of setting up FTTH , fttc capable of providing the existing telephone service , ISDN service , and CATV to several subscribers of certain area unit should be set up and then , the optical subscriber network will be expanded gradually .
Accordingly  , at the places corresponding to the toll gates of roads , the standard signals of each road or the signals below that level are extracted and inserted in order to divide or combine signals .
Accordingly  , bisdn may be regarded as a communication network that has been expanded from the existing narrow bandwidth ISDN .
Accordingly  , bisdn should be treated entirely differently . from ISDN .
Accordingly  , by utilizing this method , the increase in quantizing noise generated when converting analog signals to digital signals can be avoided .
Accordingly  , channel banks such as D1 , D2 , D3 , and D4 that meet DS1 specifications are capable of interworking with the transmission equipment .
Accordingly  , dc energy does not exist and signal status is greatly changed so that is has better timing effect than NRZ .
Accordingly  , determine the optical power of receiving light P , by considering the deterioration rate of SNR .
Accordingly  , digital switches employ electronic components such as semiconductor memories and gate circuits .
Accordingly  , each bit stream should be capable of being delayed so that a proper phase relationship is established before the switching takes place .
Accordingly  , Equation 2 - 19 can be indicated with the following equation .
Accordingly  , except for special cases , they are not used widely .
Accordingly  , f should satisfy the following equation when light penetrating is maintained in the core due to full reflection caused by f that is greater than fc before being propagated toward the axis direction of optical fiber .
Accordingly  , for both network service providers and users , the selection of network access methods is very important .
Accordingly  , for both network service provides and users , the selection of network access methods is very important .
Accordingly  , for low level signals , the quantized step is reduced and for high - level signals , it is increased to equalize more or less the S / NQ to the entire signal level .
Accordingly  , function failure of the reference station brings about serious effects .
Accordingly  , high - level hierarchy speed is set by the whole number multiples of basic hierarchy speed and the multiplexing function becomes very simpler .
Accordingly  , if 0 insertion and roving occur at the same time when the channel is only used for data transmission , only 6 bits are used per channel and the bit speed becomes 48Kbps .
Accordingly  , in PCM signals that are sent , continuous ' O 's are always less than 16 .
Accordingly  , in the case of T - S - T , it is important to search idle lines as well as time slots to be used .
Accordingly  , in the structure of STM - 1 frame , AU - 4 is the combination of the STM - 1 payload area and AU pointer area , and the final STM - 1 structure can be obtained when corresponding SOH area are respectively placed onto the upper / lower part of AU - 4 .
Accordingly  , in the view of the transmission rate , the service signals occupy the broadband ranging from several bps of the remote monitoring signals to video signals of several hundreds of Mbps .
Accordingly  , it enhances the efficiency of the entire system by monitoring the overall circuit network and is flexible enough to accommodated new services .
Accordingly  , it has the advantage of better performance than that of input buffer type switch , but experiences the of complicated hardware implementation .
Accordingly  , it is capable of carrying out special jobs but is not flexible enough .
Accordingly  , it is extremely difficult to find a transmission system that is capable of exchanging low rate / high rate signals and continuous / group signals together .
Accordingly  , it is impractical and uneconomical to set up several telecommunications networks to accommodate various types of frequency bands and services .
Accordingly  , it is necessary in case of STM - 1 to multiplex systematically all the hierarchical signals from DS - 1 to DS - 4E , while it is necessary in case of STS - 1 to multiplex efficiently only five types of hierarchical signals such as DS - 1 , DS - 1E and DS - 3 .
Accordingly  , it is necessary to correct the measured values when evaluating the noise power is to be evaluated in the telephony transmission bandwidth of 0.3 to 3.4kHz , 2.5db is added as the weighting factor .
Accordingly  , it is necessary to match the phase of the signal transmitted from the various base stations .
Accordingly  , it was used widely with the introduction of simple - to - operate electronic circuits .
Accordingly  , light is used to exchange information between the sending side of the end - office repeater and the receiving side of the end - office repeater .
Accordingly  , optimum threshold level x h ( evaluation level of identification circuit ) that minimizes bit error rate becomes smaller than ( S1 - S2 ) / 2 that the system only experiences thermal noise .
Accordingly  , service information is mapped into ATM cell after being transferred in regular sizes .
Accordingly  , several new problems - related to , connection set - up , signaling process , transmission , and switching , have risen .
Accordingly  , several types of service classes can be provided by changing data rate .
Accordingly  , short information is made up of one packet whereas long information are sent only after being divided into several packets .
Accordingly  , signals to at most 8 destinations can be transmitted by one DSI sub - burst .
Accordingly  , tdma has a large degree of flexibility in operation compared with FDMA because TDMA can easily be adapted to changes in traffic demand .
Accordingly  , the acknowledgement , extraction , and insertion functions on the above signals can be carried out much easier on the multi - level .
Accordingly  , the analog interface device of the digital switching system usually has a test in and test out bus for these types of interfaces .
Accordingly  , the basic structure model of BISDN is the same as that of ISDN except the capability to process broadband signals as well as narrow band ISDN functions .
Accordingly  , the business of establishing super high speed information communication networks is being undertaken in the national level .
Accordingly  , the code reproduction can be carried out easily since it can be easily discerned from the signal even if there are noise and crosstalk on the transmission route .
Accordingly  , the confirm acknowledge on the messages can be performed before deciphering the message encryption .
Accordingly  , the connection is achieved when the time slot 3 of input and time slot of 17 of the output are free .
Accordingly  , the digital switching systems should be equipped with the existing analog networks .
Accordingly  , the excess of transmission information capacity is represented by the number of ATM cells .
Accordingly  , the information stores in Home Location Register ( HLR ) shall be grouped into the information corresponding to user 's UPTN and the information related to mobile units and , as shown in Figure 10.3 , each information shall be constituted as an independently accessible database .
Accordingly  , the interference margin becomes greater than the simple FH or DS system .
Accordingly  , the method of signal transmission in TDMA is PCM - TDM - PSK - TDMA .
Accordingly  , the movement of mobile units under this type of environment cause a very fast fading phenomenon .
Accordingly  , the neighboring base stations should be located in such a way that they are separated adequately from each other so that the C / I value of interference power becomes 18dB or more .
Accordingly  , the number of encoded digits is increased .
Accordingly  , the number of signaling bits for each channel becomes 1 , 333 bits per second .
Accordingly  , the packet switching is ideal for low rate or group data whereas , for voice or video signals , circuit switching is more adequate .
Accordingly  , the research on the development of synchronous transmission methods was initiated in many advanced nations , the research directions were as follows :
Accordingly  , the same system protection elements must be installed in the switching system so that the system can withstand against impact and current generated by over - voltage .
Accordingly  , the switching circuit changes one time slot of specific data flow to the time slot of other data flow .
Accordingly  , the system can correct the affect of different multi paths on each direction of two way link .
Accordingly  , the system must be flexible enough for expansion and modification .
Accordingly  , the system must have efficient maintenance and repair functions including fault diagnostics , detection , and repairs .
Accordingly  , the third - order group provides a channel capacity of 480 channels at a bit rate of 32.360Mbit / s , the fourth - order group provides 1920 channels at 139.264 Mbit / s and fifth - order group provides 7680 channels at 565 Mbit / s .
Accordingly  , the time interval corresponding to a time slot is divided into two portions : one half is used for writing and the remaining half for reading .
Accordingly  , the value of X ( k ) can be calculated by subtracting ( Ta ( k ) - LCT ) from the X value .
Accordingly  , the voice signaling spectrum generated after passing through the sampling function is shown in figure 3.10 .
Accordingly  , there is a need to integrate the above services into one common communication network for integrated services .
Accordingly  , this method was studied extensively during the initial stage of the development of the electronic switching system but is yet to be used for the shared switching system .
Accordingly  , through the use of ATM , highly flexible network connection is possible and variable bandwidth allocation is possible .
Accordingly  , through the use of this , a great number of voice and video signals can be sent to destinations more than 100km away without using the generators .
Accordingly  , to increase the transmission bandwidth of a multi - mode optical fiber , mode dispersion should be decreased .
Accordingly  , to make network operation and maintenance and repair more easier , enough overheads should be secured in transmission signal frames .
Accordingly  , transmit information capacity is represented by the number of ATM cells and concentration of service information is represented by ATM cell distribution .
Accordingly  , vocoder packet sent to the base station is composed of a small number of bits , having low data rate .
Accordingly  , when assuming input / output link speed to be V , the memory processing speed should be at least 2NV or faster .
Accordingly  , when carrying the transmission at the rate of 9600kbps , continuous waveform are used whereas when transmitting at the rate of 4800kbps , the half of waveform is gated - off .
Accordingly  , when the frame cycle is set to 8KHz and the frame structure , with the unit of 8 bit block ( byte ) , all the service channels can be accommodated easily through the allocation of a certain number of time slots , that occupy the fixed locations of the frames and therefore , the multiplex of these byte units makes direct signal recognition easy among multi - levels , and accommodates hardware more flexibility .
Accordingly  , when the registration is not carried out , the system does not become aware of the location of the mobile unit and can not know the operation status of mobile unit equipment .
Accordingly  , with successfully developing and commercializing a photo element for this range , a system with a regeneration distance of longer than 100km will be used .
Accordingly  , with the capability to provide flexible control , it is currently widely used as a standard switching switch , and the most widely used one is the crossbar switch .
Accordingly . BISDN should have intelligent capability to expand and improve services and to manage efficiently network operation  , maintenance , and control .
Accordingly expected to be utilized as the final broadband subscriber network of the future .
Accordingly like PAM  , if Ao is not modulated pulse type amplitude and P ( t ) is a rectangular pulse type , pda wave is described as follows .
Accordingly sending the finite number of transmitting completely the signal in analog  , these discrete samples are used in changing the parameter such as the amplitude of pulse wave , pulse width , and relative position , and so on . Like this parameters of pulse wave lead the concept of pulse modulation by changing in proportion to sampling signal .
Accordingly the actual propagation velocity Vp ( Phase velocity ) becomes .
Accordingly y = vfs digits must be needed per second and the transmission bandwidth in baseband is Bt ³ .
Accounting management consists of a series of function group used to measure and record services and resources provided by the network .
Accurate determination of the operating status of a private network .
ACM stands for the address complete message and indicates that the setting of connections has been completed  , and the terminating user ( called party ) is being called .
Acquisition is divided into open loop acquisition and closed loop acquisition :
Activities of major network operators in Europe .
Activities of major network operators in Europe are summarized Table 3 - 2 .
Activities of the traffic management group have slowed down a little after the completion of ATM UNI 3.0 specifications .
Activities on IN &gt; initially took place jointly in GS XI ( currently SG 11 ) covering the switching and signalling aspects in PSTN / ISDN and in SG XVIII ( currently SG 13 ) covering the aspects of the overall network architecture .
Actual methods of multiple access include frequency division multiple access ( FDMA )  , in which different carrier frequencies are assigned to earth stations for the simultaneous use of a transponder ; time division multiple access ( TDMA ) , which allows earth stations to use a transponder at the same frequency but on a time sharing basis ; and spread spectrum multiple access ( CDMA , SSMA ) .
Actual optical transmission system experiences several types of gradual factors .
Actual overhead is increased when considering path overheads and pointers on Several stages over that .
Actual transmitter should be designed to distribute power to all channels equally .
Actually  , in architecture is already adopted in some of the mobile networks .
Actually  , it does not modulate carrier directly by information signal of baseband but passes through modulation procedure through counter and accumulator by instantaneous code sequence .
Actually  , it is moving at a speed about 10 times greater than speed of sound .
Actually  , such systems are closely related to several waveforms adopted for DS system to control energy level included in undesired side lobe .
Actually  , the switching system is run based on routing table .
Actually  , there are cases where the extension managed object created by one manufacturer maker is supported by other manufacturers ' products .
Ad track  , being provided be Ameritech , accumulates the number of incoming calls from individual areas to evaluate the effectiveness of advertisements .
Adaptable to circumstances in individual countries  , can be adapted to various types of domestic network .
Adding new services and therefore be a slow and difficult process  , especially when telephone companies can choose only from proprietary fiber systems offered by different vendors .
Adding the fourth and fifth cables may require replacement of aerial structures such as poles and stays because of insufficient strength .
Addition and removal of terminals is done easily without affecting any of the other terminals  , which gives the network expansion capabilities .
Additional services  , include the selection of the paging of a specific group multiple paging and priority paging ( example : immediately , within 10 minutes , within an hour ) , etc ) .
Additionally  , an overwhelming majority of cases where NTT facilities are damaged by parties involve aerial lines .
Additionally  , design conditions of subscriber line are influenced not only by various factors such as landform , the land situation , city planning , road planning , traffic conditions , non - NTT facilities , and customer distribution , but also by meteorological conditions .
Additionally  , in bipolar pulses , positive and negative pulses offset each other , so that there is no direct current component .
Additionally  , in parallel with the growth of economic society , the composition of facilities required for electrical telecommunications has become more complex and high - tech oriented in order to meet adequately the increasing demand for high - quality and more advanced telecommunications services , even though the facilities can be set up differently and have different levels of complexity according to the users 'requirements .
Additionally  , let the frequency spectra of S ( t ) , E ( t ) , Eo ( t ) and So ( t ) be S ( w ) , E ( w ) , Eo ( w ) and So ( w ) respectively .
Additionally  , rectangular layouts , in which the required S / N property is comparatively excellent , are generally used .
Additionally  , the 1 : 1 / DP architecture may ease the transition to a SHR architecture , which is . expected to be part of the optimum network , architecture in future SONET interoffice networks .
Address code word : This code consists of a discrimination bit ( 1 bit )  , address bits ( 18 bits ) and function bits ( 2 bits ) .
Adequate safety factor should be considered in designing components of the outside plant facilities .
Adjacent list messages have the information on adjacent base stations related to handoff  , included here are the time offsets of pilot PN codes and the configuration information of adjacent base stations .
Administration policy  , type of services , service area , communication quality objectives , other technical aspects .
Administrative unit group ( AUG ) can be consider as equal respective to AU - 4 .
ADSL - II  , by using the DMT ( Discreate Multi Tone ) modulation , transfers 6.4 Mbps uni - directional downstream channel , two way H0 ( 384 Kbps ) data channel , 16 Kbps control , and analog telephone .
ADSL - II  , by using the DMT ( Discrete Multi Tone ) modulation , transfers 6.4 Mbps uni - directional downstream channel , two way H0 ( 384 Kbps ) data channel , 16 Kbps control , and analog telephone .
ADSL - II can transfer MPEG - 2 class video but can only accommodate DA ( Distribution Area ) of about 8 Kft .
ADSL - II can transfer MPEG - 2 class video but can only accommodate DA ( Distribution Area ) of about 8 Kft .
ADSL ( Asymmetric DSL ) - I can transmit 16 Kbps two way data channel and analog voice ( uni - directional 1.5 Mbps downstream transmission  , low speed ) on the existing 2 wire type up to the distance of 18 Kft through the use of CAP ( Carrierless AM / PM ) modulation .
Advanced countries such as U . S . A . and Japan are employing the 24 - chPCM mode in accordance with the G.733 of ITU - T Recommendations  , most of the European countries are employing the 30 - ch PCM mode .
Advanced services linking pagers to cellular systems will become available .
Advantages of building underground lines using PEC cable .
Aerial lines are undesirable because of their effects on the human and vehicular traffic ( sometimes obstructing it )  , and because of their damaging effects on the orderly look of streets .
Aerial subscriber lines must be installed to quickly handle demand distributed over a certain area without backlog .
Aeronautical mobile communication is used to contact and airplanes  , and to provide weather information to them , in order to ensure safe and orderly operation of both domestic and international flights .
After achieving the desired orbit  , the satellite is separated from the launch vehicle to travel alone in space .
After amplification by the band - pass amplifier  , the burst signal only is sampled by the burst separator .
After ATMF was organized in North America in 1991  , North European ATMF was organized in 1992 and expanded to Asian &amp; Pacific area in 1993 , and Japanese ATMF was established in this area in December , 1993 .
After being launched into space  , a satellite capable of transmitting ad receiving radio waves provides satellite communications in which the satellite amplifies the radio waves received from earth stations on the ground and retransmits the radio waves to the earth stations .
After comparing the signal quality indication accompanied by information bit from one or more of base stations  , the selector selects the bit of the base station with best quality by the unit of frame and send it to the vocoder .
After completing the synchronization  , the pilot signals are used as the phase reference of synchronized carrier wave for the demodulation of other signals from this base station .
After confirming that preparation has been completed at all traffic stations involved in the change  , the reference station broadcasts countdown using the Service Channel to all traffic stations to achieve simultaneous change .
After confirming that there is no signal on the line  , it outputs signals with destination addresses added onto the line .
After connection is established  , data is transferred as transport service user data .
After demodulation  , the unique word of each received burst is detected by a unique word detector .
After descrambling of the received bursts  , processing of the preamble except for the unique word is performed .
After detailed analysis  , it identified that some CS – 1 capabilities would not be applicable to the European environment .
After dropping these DS1s  , the remaining pass - through DS 1 s must be remultiplexed back to the DS3 before continuing on to the next location .
After establishment of the connection  , the data and control information described below are sent / received in response to requests from the Presentation Layer .
After initial detection of a failed BER  , OOF , or LOS , the protection switch does not activate until a predetermined time interval ( usually milliseconds ) expires ; this ensures that the detected failure is not just a temporary interruption due to an upstream protection switch on a higher - level carrier system .
After joining  , the LEC will register the MAC address and the route of the LAN end system which it manages initially ( initial registration stage ) .
After making sure that the Short Burst is placed at the nominal position in response to the IAP2 code  , the reference station transmits the SYNC code to the traffic station .
After receiving these reports  , the MCU decides which MBS had the highest reception level and identifies that zone the one into which the mobile unit is moving .
After service processing  , the calls are looped back to the original exchange again via a standard NO.7 signalling .
After that  , the sound program signal is transmitted to the ITC together with the video signal which has passed through the low pass filter .
After that  , the automatic access type was recommended by ITU - R and now 450 MHz NMT system is operated in North , 250 MHz band automatic type is utilized in Japan .
After that  , the implementation policy for underground distribution was wired out in the second half of the 1940s and the first half of 1950s .
After that  , the pager builds up to receive the self - group and start code .
After that  , the traffic station begins maintaining steady state burst synchronization and transmits the burst while updating Dn every control frame .
After that the LEC establishes the send VCC to the BUS  , and then the BUSd VCC to the corresponding LEC ( BUS connection stage ) and transfers to a normal operational state ( operational stage ) after terminating the initialization procedure .
After the chrominance signal are band - limited to 1.4MHz by the low - pass filter  , they are sent to clipper circuit which clips the waveform peaks after pre - emphasis .
After the finalization of the CS - 1 specifications in 1992  , necessity of further clarification and minor modifications was identified in the set of CS - 1 Recommendations ( Q.121x series ) which are the first standardized stage of IN Capability Set .
After the first - stage phase compensation  , the second - stage compensation is accomplished by using one of the first stage satellite stations from the first stage as the reference ( i . e . a second - stage center base station ) for the phase compensation of other stations that have not been phase compensated ( second - stage satellite stations ) .
After the G - MGS checks the charging rate  , it routes the call to the V - AMS .
After the importance of construction for a fiscal year are pointed out  , and a definite enforcement plan is decided , designs of each construction are started .
After the predictive filter has synthesized - candidate pulses or candidate index  , obtain the number of the pulse or the index of the codebook that corresponds closest to the original sound .
After the war  , the demand for switching systems capable of processing toll calls automatically and rapidly was increased .
After the writing and reading of the signals until the n time slot ( Tn ) is completed  , time slot T1 comes round again and the writing of a new signal A ' ' and the reading of signal B stored in the preceding frame are executed .
After then  , it determined to constantly exchange information on traffic indicator , traffic registration , CLP ( Cell Loss Percentage ) field usage , excessive traffic removing , EFCI ( Explicit Forward Congestion Indication ) method , initial implementation system , traffic management experience in actual network and input control technique in the burst level .
After these nodes synchronize their clocks to the reference  , the reference frequency is passed on to the lower – level switches .
After these standards had been established  , the increasing use of wide band optical fibers made it less important to focus on reducing bit rates , and the focus of attention shifted from fixed telephone networks to applications such an multimedia and mobile communications .
After this  , 1 is added to the content of the time slot counter sequentially and the content after n becomes 1 again .
After voice signals have been the digitized  , tdm equipment costs are quits small be comparison .
Again  , speech pauses do not produce low - amplitude signals on digital transmission links .
Against an echo ( E ) generated in the hybrid circuit  , a part of the received signals makes the internal circuits of the echo canceller generate a dummy echo ( e ) using the received signals and prevent the echo from penetrating into the transmit circuit by subtracting the dummy echo ( e ) from the echo ( E ) .
Against such a background  , current subscriber line networks are limited in use even for low speed digitals signals of around 64kb / s because of the extent to which stalpeth cable is used .
Against this background  , computers began to be interconnected through communication circuits within the same company or between companies to construct networks aimed at the common use of resources and information exchange between multiple independent computer systems .
Agencies entitled to emergency telephone service during disasters are users of the first and second priorities in restoration order as stipulated in the disaster counter measure regulations in presidential memorandum No.108 of January 10  , 1986 .
Agent processes manage the managed objects in the system  , while manager processes give instruction to the managed object for agent processes .
AIN 0.1 and AIN 0.2 are a subset of AIN Release 1 .
AIN 0.1 and AIN 0.2 are closely aligned with IN CS - 1 in supporting circuit - switched voice / data services  , with an emphasis on flexible routing , flexible charging and flexible user interaction for two - party calls .
AIN 0.1 and AIN 0.2 services are basically single - ended and are expected to interwork with existing switch - based services .
AIN 0.1 focuses on service processing requirements for AIN 0.1 services .
AIN 0.2 and AIN Release 1 address additional requirements in all of these areas  , but as with IN CS - 1 , they do not address requirements for service creation .
AIN focuses on the physical aspects of IN .
AIN Release 0.0 specifications issued by Ameritech ( not compatible with Release 1 ) .
AIN Release 1 does not support direct interfaces between the service control point ( SCPs ) and the intelligent peripheral ( IP ) .
AIN Release 1 extends the single - ended service concept to address service capabilities that apply during the active phase of a call and to multiparty calls .
AIN Release 1 has roughly as many detection points as IN CS - 1 and is aligned with the ITU - T overall BCSM example .
AIN Release 1 supports generic interfaces between operations systems ( OS s ) and each physical entity .
AIN Release 1 treats the IP and the service node ( SN ) identically in terms of the interface to be service switching point .
AIN specifications have been studied continuously by Bellcore  , bocs and manufacturers .
Air density decrease with distance ( altitude ) from the earth .
AIS is introduced in the stuffing muldex sytem to prevent the alarm propagation a higher order  , which results in many alarm occurrences at lower order .
Alarm messages are Service Channel messages exchanged among traffic stations .
ALERT becomes ACM between networks and in the subscriber ' line stage it is transferred again as ALERT to the originating user ( calling party ) side .
ALL - 2 transfers real time U - SDU with related time information at variable bit rate and provides unrecovered error indication service to high layer .
ALL - 3 / 4 transfers C and D type service data with variable bit rate characteristics .
All digital network  , end to end , through the use of I interfaces ; a basic information transfer speed of 64 Kbps .
All digital switches in the network are operated at the same nominal reference frequency .
All frames continue for 20ms and their structure is shown in Figure 3 - 17 .
All main signal mudles circuits  , ect … within the equipment are duplicated for redundancy , since they are designed to switch automatically during an equipment failure , the failure does not result in service interruption .
All network are required to have the same service logic and data  , i . e . identical IN platform , to realize the No IN interworking scenario and it is impractical .
All of the control functions required by a data communication system are arranged in a hierarchy with a standardized protocol for each layer to improve expansion capability reliability and cost performance .
All of these brought about increased requests for the construction of new subscriber line network that can handle various changes flexibly .
All of these were multiplexed in the asynchronous method through pulse stuffing .
All or some of the telephones in the office are called simultaneously for announcement .
All repeaters can be installed in the telephone office  , because of the long repeater spacing made possible by the low attenuation in the fiber , so that easy system maintenance is achieved .
All sites ( elements that utilize the distributed data base system ) have a duplicate DD / D relating all of the database in the distributed system .
All special services such as data or facsimile must be transformed to look like voice .
All subscriber and repeater units include one drop - out initially .
All subscriber using following ends of character - based terminal are allowed to make an access to the MESSAVIA system .
All switches are synchronization methods  , there frequencies will momentarily separate from each other because of noise and interference on the transmission lines and clock failure in the switches .
All that can be observed is the network 's service - related behavior as seen  , for example , by a service user .
All the access channels use the special modes of 4800bps .
All the activities then were transferred to SG XI later .
All the aerial distribution should be made non - branched to handle demand for non - telephone services flexibly to make the location of wire faults easier and to clarify the use order of wire numbers .
All the CDMA signals of the system share one pair of quardratute pair PN codes .
All the major telecommunications network operators are actively working on IN trial and commercial implementation .
All the major telecommunications network operators are actively working on IN trial and commercial implementation .
All the multiplexing paths do not have practicality and the possibility of using it should be define in preparation for the global network integration .
All the other software were developed by NEC .
All the signal status shown in three graphs of Figure 2 - 19 are located respectively on one circle and those signaling points represent certain energy - certain amplitude signals .
All the subscribers of MESSAVIA are allowed to communicate with other users who belong to MESSAVIA by making use of mail - boxes .
All the transponders in the community can establish common timing by defining a coincident start of the TDMA frame for all the transponders .
All unnecessary signaling power except the band is removed from middle frequency signal through correlator .
Allocation of 10 - pair units at reduction points on the downstream side must be made in ascending order starting with the lowest unit number .
Allows information to be exchange between the network and a call party  , where a call party can be either a calling or a called party .
Allows the user to distribute calls to different locations dependent on user specified parameters .
Almost complete release of networks  , circuits , and customer on - premises equipment .
Almost for 40 years since Marconi  , high frequency radio communication was the only radio communication using ionospheric layer reflecting but it came to hardly meet the increasing communication demand .
Along the underground plant route  , gather units for each FDB from the end of the network toward the exchange on each kind of cable conductor gauge which is selected to Para 4 .
Along with the above  , a bus matrix switch equipped with a cell , buffer on the crosspoint part , instead of input port , used to overcome HOL blocking phenomenon has been proposed also .
Along with the above  , machine - to - machine communications are used to process , data and control signals as well .
Along with the above phenomena  , light is dispersed out from the optical fiber due to the gas bubbles in the optical fiber , local defective parts , and structural non - uniformity .
Along with the existing list of such services that are not addressed in CS - 1  , the addition of limited functionality for services is proposed in CS - 2 .
Along with the improvement in paging systems  , we have also developed progressively new , more advanced pagers .
Along with this  , atm is capable of transferring information and data via various types of physical media and transportation network since it is defined independently from the transportation means of physical layers .
Alphabetically listed terms used in IN Recommendations and their definitions .
Also  , amplitude proportions are shown in fig . 6.1 .
Also  , if fs is too high , the average word length allocated per sample has to be shortened to keep the transmission bit rate below a certain value .
Also  , service providers wanted to improve the quality and reduce the cost of network service operation and management .
Also  , they employ different sound carriers and have different chrominance sub - carrier frequency deviations .
Also ( see section 4.5 )  , the control system for the ring can be simplified when SONET equipment is deployed .
Also  , ( c ) , ( d ) , ( e ) indicate the starred bus structure and bus structure and ring structure of distributed type respectively .
Also  , ( g ) , ( h ) indicates that B - NT can accommodate the basic point S and Sb simultaneously .
Also  , a fast selecting service that adds data onto the call request packets of the originating subscribers , abbreviated dialing , and a reception substitute service are available .
Also  , after determining ILMI ( Interim Local Management Interface ) specifications from ATM UNI 3.0 specifications at a primary stage , it inspects management requirements from the viewpoint of inter - operability and researches cooperation with involved standardization group or other organization that will utilize ATMF results .
Also  , an output generation and average generation cycle having the pseudorandom interval can be selected by code during the pseudorandom cycle .
Also  , B - NT2 and B - NT1 are included in the private BISDN and public BISDN respectively .
Also  , based on the range of communications services offered , the communications networks can be further classified into an intra communications network , local communications network , toll communications network , and international communications network .
Also  , conductor size increases with distance from the office .
Also  , currently used telegraph networks are run as the system independent from other communications systems .
Also  , digital communication facilities have become more compact and economical than analog communication facilities thanks to recent developments in LSI semiconductor circuit technique .
Also  , each OC - 1 ( Optical Carrier Level 1 ) and OC - N have been selected to be used for optical interface .
Also  , for better operation and maintenance , it was equipped with the self diagnostic function .
Also  , for higher efficiency and economy optical fiber transmission systems to be used only for switching systems were successfully developed .
Also  , for these signal formats , survey of Radio Paging System is shown in Table 9.2 .
Also  , if possible , the service speed should be set in such a way that 9xN ( N is the whole number ) byte structure can be secured .
Also  , if required , the composite network can be installed as in ( e ) .
Also  , in case of transmitting according to the synchronous digital hierarchy , it carries out the generation and confirmation function of transmission frame .
Also  , in order to get equivalent height and radiation pattern wanted with comparatively low antenna , hotizontal conduction wire such as reverse L type , reverse T type and umbrella type antenna or capacity loading antenna can be installed .
Also  , in order to reduce their power consumption , it is also desirable to reduce the processing load .
Also  , in terms of average transmitting power , over 50 % of total power is spent at carrier wave so that amplitude modulation is not an effective method of modulation .
Also  , in the case of European signals , the output jitter of multiplexer should not exceed 0.25UI , 0.25UI , 0.3ui for each signal 8.448Mbps , 34.368Mbps , 139.264mbps respectively .
Also  , in the case of TU - 3 , more than 4 - bytes should be assigned and in the case of TU1 or TU - 2 , more than two bytes should be allocated .
Also  , in the digital telephone network , 64kbps for one telephone line is used as basic bit rate .
Also  , in the next time slot , a path that is entirely different from the previous one can be set up .
Also  , instead of individual pulses , other techniques use a periodically repeating sequence of regular pulses .
Also  , it carries out code conversion ( single polarity to multi - polarity ) , code scrambling and descrambling , and insertion and separation of monitoring and control signals .
Also  , it connects VPINCI with service access points after translation , and multiplexes and dernultiplex the cell .
Also  , it controls OAM information flow for each involved layer .
Also  , it detects the call origination and disconnection requested by each terminal .
Also  , it handles cell delay change , provides lost or inserted cell handling function , and provides source clock recovery function for receiving side .
Also  , it is another fundamental influence that had the ATM cells mapped in the VC - 4 payload envelope for transmitting the synchronous digital hierarchical basis of BISDN UNI .
Also  , it is capable of carrying out high - quality transmission by checking whether errors occur during the packet transmission between the switching systems and between the subscriber and network .
Also  , it is known that the tensile strength of optical fibers lowers in the water .
Also  , it is not so sensitive to the cell delay but as only one cell lost can bring about a large number of cell 're - transmission , you must control the cell rate incoming to the network so that the traffic is not congested .
Also  , it is possible to achieve the system economization because the semiconductor elements used for digital transmission are the digital integrated circuits making a mass production , and the communication network could be made a highly intelligent because of easily realizing the speed conversion of a various services , the change of protocol , DSP ( Digital Signal Processing ) , the conversion of transmission media and so forth through the application of communication and computer engineering .
Also  , it is used by the arithmetic operation device of the general electronic calculator .
Also  , it is used for decreasing cell jitter for Constant Bit Rate ( CBR ) service , uniform capacity assignment for ( Variable Bit Rate ) ( VBR ) service and congestion control for VBR flow .
Also  , it may provide control function to change the service characteristics of an established connection .
Also  , it output necessary information through the magnetic drum or line printer as well as analyzing several information in the packet switching system and then , transmits detailed commands to each device according to that result .
Also  , it processes cell delay transition , provides lost or inserted cell processing function and enables receiving side to extract clock information of resource .
Also  , it provides transfer insured mode and transfer uninsured mode .
Also  , it should be capable of accommodating users 'requirements or network development that may be generated anew .
Also  , it should indicate lost cell , inserted - cell , cell with AAL - PCI error and time sync . loss state .
Also  , it should indicate lost cell , inserted cell , cell with AAL - PCI error and time sync , loss state .
Also  , it supervises user information and corrects bit error .
Also  , it supervises user information area and corrects bit error , if any .
Also  , it translates SAPI ( Service Access Point Identifier ) into VPI or VCI .
Also  , it translates VPI / VCI to line SAPs ( Service Access Points ) and multiplexes and demultiplexes cells .
Also  , it usage time . ranges from low rate data having several second length to video service having several hour length and telephone service having several minute length .
Also  , it was around this time when public broadcasting was initiated by the use of waves .
Also  , it was greatly affected by weather and other disturbance .
Also  , packets lower than lost packet are discarded so as to send right packets to the terminating subscriber in the right order .
Also  , PCCS ( Programmable Cross - Connect System ) makes the performance of cross - connecting function through the containers made by the standard of DS - 1 bit rate by inputting 146 Mbps signal .
Also  , real - time service is implemented by clearing delay problems using virtual channel .
Also  , regarding the size of ATM cell , 4 32 byte ( cell header pay load ) proposed by European competed with 5 64 byte suggested by American .
Also  , since all information is transmitted by cells with fixed length .
Also  , since it is the analog type , its future is quite uncertain .
Also  , sn can be used for a special purpose to indicate the existence of CS function .
Also  , sonet uses the synchronization referred to the pointer method which is identical with SDH , so can connect all over the North America with the synchronous transmission network .
Also  , switching offices that are run on the above can be easily managed .
Also  , the actual value of jitter is represented by a … … ( a : Constant ) Accordingly , the repeater should be capable of identifying and regenerating error rates . For jitter , they should have a high - precision waveform equalization function for carrying out the regeneration of timing correctly .
Also  , the Blue Book of ITU - T has recommended STM - 1 ( Synchronous Transfer Mod Level 1 ) having a forward directed type structure of 9x270 bytes .
Also  , the collection , processing , and handling of service signals have become easy due to the development of computer technology .
Also  , the connection time required is much shorter .
Also  , the fact that the pager is normally close to the body of the user and consequently affects antenna performance must be considered in the selection of the antenna element and its positioning .
Also  , the file structure is different by extraction speed and amounts of information or its expandability .
Also  , the function to provide in common both line mode service and packet mode service was required .
Also  , the functions provided by the DC regeneration circuit and automatic gain control circuit of the optical receiver are regarded as important as well .
Also  , the hierarchical system structure , the systemization of overhead structure , the synchronization by pointer , and the possibility of structuring the intercontinent communication network were originated from the SONET connection standard .
Also  , the improvement of video handling technology and devices ' is required Joce the major services of BISDN are various types of video services .
Also  , the layer management implies the management of the resource and use variable and the management of OAM information .
Also  , the modulated waves obtained through quadrature modulation may be thought of as linearly modulated waves , because they can be obtained through a combination of amplitude modulation waves .
Also  , the multiplier is provided with two inputs from two separated memory systems with individual data buses .
Also  , the packed system has been generally used locally on local area networks , however , since the ATM system had been designed to be used on a large sized public network , it has encountered difficulties in • address assignment , connection and flow control , switching and transmission .
Also  , the path overhead is applied to the path layer and the overheads for any other lower level paths exist in the internal STM payload envelope .
Also  , the propagation veloctily and attenuation amount of electronic wave on the route are determined by propagation constant .
Also  , the ratio of the number of pairs in the feeder cable required to cover demand to actual demand is called the split loss ratio , and can be expressed by the following equation .
Also  , the rules for 32Kbps Adaptive Differential PCM having syllable companding as the estimated coding of voice signals are specified in the G.712 of ITU - T Recommendations .
Also  , the serial data of the central base station and the satellite base stations are transmitted with the same phase .
Also  , the speed between modes and the entire propagation length can be uniformized so as to reduce the dispersion of optical pulse width .
Also  , the stuffing controls and stuffing bits that became unnecessary due to the connection of synchronized tributary signals were used as the overheads over the transmission routes .
Also  , the system executes a repair program for recovering faults generated in the system and diagnosing automatically fault locations .
Also  , the system should be equipped with the ventilation .
Also  , the technology on integrated circuit and element manufacturing technology have advanced as well ; .
Also  , the time waveform , of the frequency component , F ( jw ) , is given by the inverse Fourier transform of F ( jw ) :
Also  , there is not even a single objective method for evaluating how speech quality is affected by channel errors , which are unavoidable in mobile communications .
Also  , they can be classified as follow according to the types of switching services to be provided :
Also  , they should be set up by considering the developmental trend of related devices , types of digital services to be accommodated , and the possibility of upgrading it to the higher - level hierarchy .
Also  , this group introduced the terminology ABR ( Available Bit Rate ) and UBR ( Unspecified Bit Rate ) .
Also  , this group successfully prepared the specification for LAN emulation which was finally decided in December , 1994 .
Also  , this invention started the messenger and mail services .
Also  , through BISDN , communication and distribution services as well as circuit mode services and packet mode services are offered as well .
Also  , through the application of computer technology on the transmission facilities more simplified and flexible network configurations were realized .
Also  , to make wide - area service possible , there is also a need to consider use of a carrier circuit as a trance line to stations .
Also  , transmission capacity witnessed a substantial increase through the joint use of vertical and horizontal polarized waves in antennas .
Also  , TU - 3 can be regarded as equal to TUG - 3 .
Also  , various means of transmitting information have been utilized throughout the men 's history .
Also  , when providing a service , different frequencies may be utilized for optimal result .
Also  , when sending several channels via one optical cable , a great amount of data can be sent by increasing the number of core wires after multiplexing several channels .
Also  , when TC sublayer is transmitted based on Synchronous Digital Hierarchy ( SDH ) , it executes transmission frame generation and confirmation .
Also  , when the electric fields of the direct and reflected rays have the same intensity at the receiving point , the combined electric field intensity of the reflected ray is weaker than that of the direct ray .
Also a repeater handles compensation occurred the during the transmission .
Also available is the ISDN ( Integrated Services Digital Networks ) where integrated services are provided with digitalized terminal .
Also called the Simple Class  , this class establishes connection that only provides negotiation functions , data transfer and report of protocol error .
Also FDM method could not activated in poor state of local and toll cable but PCM method had a great merit which activated in such state .
Also include in the above are the mutual operations of the subscriber facilities of B - ISDN  , between the B - ISDN network and other networks .
Also included are trunk line circuits for interfacing with other switching systems  , operators , and service circuits .
Also included in the above are the mutual operations of the subscriber facilities of B - ISDN  , between the B - ISDN network and other networks .
Also it is the system that can solve problems related to distance .
Also multi - transmission methods starts from the open wire carrier of there circuits practiced in America in 1925 and through developing the coaxial cable of 240 circuits at present  , get to use for the basic communication methods with the 3 , 600 ~ 10 , 800 circuits by coaxial cable , FDM ( frequency division multiplex ) ultra multi - circuit of 1 , 800 circuits by microwave .
Also shown as an example of the convolutional code are an encoder ( encoding rate r = 1 / 2  , bound length k = 3 ) and an output signal .
Also skip fading which perceives signal interruptely is happened by delegated change of ionospric layer around the skip distance during communication .
Also the bidirectional service as the video telephone is possible .
Also the interface specification for DSI ATM UNI of 1.544 Mbps and UTOPIA ( Universal Test &amp; Operations PHY Interface for ATM )  , which is the standard interface specification between ATM layer and PHY layer , were approved .
Also the LESV is divided into an LECS ( LE Configuration Server )  , an LES ( LE Server ) , and a BUS ( Broadcast and Unknown Server ) .
Also the system must be user - friendly  , enabling a subscriber with no specialist radio knowledge to use a car phone just like a traditional phone .
Also the usage of domestic use bytes depends upon future study .
Also with high S / N rate and broad frequency band  , it is proper for FM communication .
Alter approximately ten years of research  , development . AT &amp; T conducted trail marketing of its new services in Chicago ( 1977 ) , followed by similar testing of Motorola 's system in the Washington / Baltimore area ( 1978 ) .
Although  , the fluctuation in this case in more complicated than for the case of tow rays show in figure 2.16 ( i ) , it retains its periodicity .
Although a complete introduction of ISDN will be in the 21st century  , efforts are being made in the world for achieving a full – fledged inter – national ISDN .
Although a linearly polarized wave is easily generated  , it is necessary to adjust the direction of the waveguide of the receiving antenna so as to be parallel to the polarization surface of the incoming wave .
Although a significant amount of noise is generated at the transmitter  , it decreases along the propagation path , so this noise does need to be considered .
Although different network operators seem to be providing different services  , some of them are often very similar or one another with differences in optional capabilities .
Although errors are corrected without fail in this method  , all of the information frames subsequent to the error information frame are rejected , thus lowering the transmission efficiency .
Although existing networks in Japan are synchronized only up to 6.3Mb / s .
Although fibers themselves do not favor digital transmission over analog transmission  , the interface electronics to a fiber system function primarily in an on - off ( nonlinear ) mode of operation .
Although frequency division multiplexing of analog signals has also been used in the pat to reduce cable costs  , fdm equipment is much more expensive than TDM equipment - even when the cost of digitization is included .
Although having little influence on transmission characteristics  , they have great influence on splicing loss of optical fibers .
Although integration of DS1 signals into switching machines is commonplace  , integration of higher level signals is complicated by higher level multiplexing formats ( pulse stuffing ) .
Although it does not provide for instantaneous response  , it has cost performance that no order system can complete with .
Although limited in capabilities  , these represent most current and planned services .
Although most telephone users have little need for voice encryption  , the ease with which a digital bit stream can be scrambled and unscrambled means that a digital network provides an extra bonus for users with sensitive conversations .
Although noise in satellite communications is generated by many sources  , the power is extremely small .
Although private trunk lines between offices can have the form of a mesh  , when the network is small , the cost of trunk lines increases as the network grows .
Although SMI was partially simplified by RFC1212  , upper rank interchangeability is basically maintained .
Although SSF is a client for service - related information provided by the SCF  , the switch retains connection control at all times .
Although telephone companies are primary concerned with voice services ( POTS )  , the rapid growth in data communications stimulated increased attention to data transmission performance requirements .
Although the basic aim of circuit design for communication satellites is to eliminate interference  , if that is not possible , allowance for the amount of interference encountered should be included in the circuit design .
Although the configuration of a high - power transmitter is determined by the kind and number of carriers  , it generally takes one of the following two forms :
Although the gain of an antenna increase with its area  , from the perspective of cost and operational convenience , it is desirable that is has high efficiency ( aperture efficiency ) in order to obtain high gain with the aperture area being as small as possible .
Although the high - power amplifier is a linear amplifier it generally becomes non - linear in the saturation region where its output voltage is not proportional to the input voltage .
Although the processing speed of DSP has increased dramatically with developments in semiconductor technology  , they are approaching an upper limit .
Although the same kind of phenomenon also occurs in a satellite  , in this case , the output of the Earth station is controlled so as to suppress any intermodulation by a method called output power control .
Although there are various modulation techniques  , basically , they are combination of these three kinds of schemes or their applications .
Although there is a lot rain in Japan  , it is hard to think that there could be strong enough rain to cut off satellite communication over a wide area , although it may happen locally .
Although these amplifiers provide normal performances at room temperature  , they are sometimes cooled in order to further improve their noise characteristics .
Although this alternative architecture may reduce the number repeaters needed  , it may not have 100 percent survivability for sonle multifailure scenarios ( e . g . fiber cable cut occur at a time when one working fiber system has been switched to a protection system due to equipment failure ) .
Although this configuration becomes costly when the number or carriers is small  , it offers convenience for operation .
Although this is the basic process  , the steps can be combined in various ways , for example , ( 1 ) , ( 2 ) and ( 3 ) ( Paging and Contact ) or just ( 2 ) ( Command ) .
Although various procedures have been proposed for statistical estimation  , the basic methodology is almost the same .
Although voice and unvoiced sounds are differentiated on a frame - by - frame basic  , this is sometimes difficult in a mobile communications environment which is associated with higher levels of noise .
Ambient channel interference noise can be suppressed by using a filter with sharp cut - off characteristic  , on the other hand , there is a limit on how much XPD ( cross polarization discrimination ) of antenna can be changed to suppress depolarization interference noise .
America has selected the 600 circuits of 564 ~ 3  , 084 kHz for MG , the 3 , 600 circuit of 564 ~ 17 , 548 kHz for JG , and the 10 , 800 circuit of 300 ~ 60 , 000 kHz for JGM .
American user can also access proprietary information services  , such as news , sports , airline information , financial reports , and weather forecasts .
Ameritech has been very active in specifying AIN from its early stage .
Ami is used for the North American mode of 1.544Mbps system .
Among autonomous registration methods  , several parameters can be adjusted .
Among seven companies that offered proposals  , three consortia lid by Allocated - SEL , Northern Telecom and Siemens were accepted for the implementation .
Among SOHs  , the functions of SOH located on the upper / lower part of the pointer are classified and then , are as signed respectively with reproduction section function and multiplexing section function .
Among the above  , c and VC are used for transmitting ( point to multipoint ) each tributary signal on the synchronous transmission network ; a certain area of the STM - 1 frame are formed as virtual container onto which corresponding signals or service channels are loaded for transferring .
Among the causes are the thermal noise and intermodulation noise of the earth station and the transponder on - board satellite  , as well as interference from other satellite systems or from terrestrial microwave communications networks .
Among the measures available for stabilizing the attitude of the satellite  , the typical methods employed at present are spin stabilization and three + axis stabilization .
Among the types of noise received by an antenna  , the noise from deep space is of the order of several degrees K , and is almost negligible .
Among the various noises in the satellite link of satellite communications circuit there is the intermodulation noise .
Among them  , 5 bytes are assigned to cell header section and the remaining 48 bytes are assigned to user information section .
Among them  , h1 channel was standardized by subdividing into the H11 channel of 1.5 Mbps based on the North American - type DS - 1 signal , and the H12 channel of 1.9 Mbps based on the European - type DS - 1 signal .
Among them  , i bit is reversed once every time the starting point address is increased and D bit is reversed once every time the starting point address is reduced .
Among them  , information bits are 1 , 148 bits ( 48x16 ) and the remaining bits are used for framing , stuffing control , and monitoring control .
Among them  , the three strongest paths are allocated to the three data receivers .
Among these  , the components with a form of difference influence the communications circuit .
Among these  , waves with frequencies from 9kHz ( wavelength of about 33km ) to 270GHz ( wavelength of 1.1mm ) are allocated for a variety of purposes .
Among those  , the distributed logic interworking is considered to be the most feasible scenario because of the following reasons :
Currently  , six standard Traps have been defined .
Currently  , system capacity is saturated in several densely populated areas and the need to develop more effective frequency reuse technology has arisen .
Currently  , the advanced countries of the world are carrying out vigorous research on new coding technology such as 16kbps voice coding , 64kbps high - quality coding , 384kbps voice signal coding and video signal coding .
Currently  , the multiplexing methods of PAM and PCM signals are used , Unlike PCM - 24B , d4 of the U . S . A , and DE - 4 of Canada that multiplex PAM signals , analog signals , and then , convert them into PCM signals at the common CODEC .
Currently  , the network management protocols available for use in a multivender environment are ( 1 ) CMIS / CMIP ( Common Management information Service / Common Management information Protocol ) for OSI ( Open System interconnection ) management , which is being promoted by ISO ( International Standardization Organization , ( 2 ) TCP / IP based SNMP , and ( 3 ) CMOT ( CMIP over TCP / IP ) , which realized CMIP on top of TCP / IP .
Currently  , the number of subscribers to this service , including those in Canada , had reached 200 million as of November 1989 .
Currently  , there are about 300 company who have obtained enterprise IDs .
Currently  , there are many LAN products for personal computers and minicomputers that provide TCP / IP .
Currently  , wire transmission system such as balanced cables , coaxial cables , and optical fiber and wireless transmission systems using microwaves are used widely .
Currently available electrical communications networks for processing various types of information include a telephone network  , telegraph network , and data communications network .
Currently developed semi - conductor lasers have excellent coherency and accordingly  , are capable of providing stable optic carrier .
Customer traveling from one area to another can register the new area number by using a touch - tone dialer .
Customized services for individuals such as personal number service with various options for selection by individuals may also increase in quantity .
D - AMS1 the remotely accesses the HLR to read out the subscriber 's data and  , concurrently , update the mobile 's location .
D ) Framework for defining the information flows ( relationships ) between an SSF and an SCF should be provided  , without any assumptions about the physical implementation .
D channel can also be used for data transmission through packet switching as well as for signalling information transfer .
D channel is a channel intended mainly for transfer of a signalling information .
D channel is a signal link with a transfer rate of 16kbps and performs control of the two B channels in common .
D which is the distance between O0 O1 is derived as follows .
Data  , facsimile , and hold video information less than this bit rate can be sent relatively easier via a digital telephone network .
Data are obtained from the arm having the equation of Y2 ( t ) = d ( t ) cos ( θi – θ0 ) ≈ d ( t ) .
Data collected after performance the performance monitoring can be managed through the use of performance analysis algorithm .
Data collected after performing the performance monitoring can be managed through the use of performance analysis algorithm .
Data communication is an exchange of data between machines so  , unlike conversation between people , there is not the flexibility that would allow ambiguous statements .
Data dictionary  , directory ( here after called DD / D ) management is database system that provides the location and composition of the data base , and schema information .
Data for one PCM frame is omitted ro the same data for one PCM frame is transmitted twice repeatedly to compensate for the surplus or deficit of data due to the difference in transmission speed .
Data from the mobile unit are received by the both base stations and then  , sent to the MSC .
Data is classified / controlled by a parent – child relation .
Data is formally updated by a transaction completion notice .
Data is transmitted according to a procedure that established the channel  , transfer the data and releases the channel .
Data is written sequentially into the secondary time switch .
Data link protocols are used as mutual communication procedures to provide data link service for the network entities that are the data link service users .
Data modem can be used as analog information sources .
Data packet transmission after that is carried out through the logic channel set up at this time .
Data signals out putted from a modem are rarely transmitted through a low - binary voice coder / decoder circuit .
Data that is temporarily updated by a transaction that cannot be completed is returned to its previous state by a rollback process .
Data to be sent by the user are divided into the packet unit and then  , are transmitted sequentially to the packet network .
Data transmitted through the input transmission line are temporarily stored in the line .
Data units are sent and received between a data link service access point and another access point without a connection being established .
Data updated during the transaction process is managed as temporary data .
Date or voice broadcasts  , tv signaling must be superior to these values . An advantages of digital circuit network having a these superior characteristics is as follows .
DBPT decided to introduce an IN platform in 1990 and announced an open tender .
DBPT is providing the Virtual Network ( VPN ) service the beginning of 1994 based on the platforms of these manufactures .
Deadlock can occur due to problems including the difference in the communication speed between the subscribers .
Decentralization of other transmission lines through two or more routes .
Decoding is a signal processes opposite to decoding .
Decrease or absorption by configuration and things of the ground .
Dedicated wired circuits for specific switching operations such as the identification of original subscribers  , path selection , and dial Pulse coefficients do not exist in the CPU provides the common control of this method .
Defecated control channels are set up in either of two ways .
Delivery notification is an optional service .
Delivery to arbitrary facsimile terminals .
Demand - forecast errors can be better expressed by the distribution of the ratio of actual demand increase ( the number of new subscribers ) to forecasted demand increase ( forecasted new demand ) than by that of the ratio of actual demand ( the total number of subscribers  , including currently existing subscribers ) to forecast demand ( total demand including currently existing demand ) .
Demand assigned multiple access allows efficient use of the channel capacity of the satellite to be achieved  , particularly when a number of earth stations with a small channel capacity use one transponder in common , as in the case of SPADE system and INMARSAT Maritime Satellite Telephone system .
Demand assigned multiple access is an access method in which satellite channels are rearranged every time a request for channel setting is made from the earth stations concerned .
Demand for an area must be estimated with close attention paid to the following points :
Demand for leased lines and non - telephone services may differ from estimated demand in the central parts of large cities .
Demand in a distribution area is estimated based on a demand list for the related fixed distribution areas prepared by the plant planning department  , and by taking the area 's particular situation into consideration .
Demand is calculated in the following procedure based on the list of demand by fixed distribution area .
Demand is calculated is for each of N + 5  , N + 10 and N + 15 by the following formula .
Demand originating from the special CO is split between the home and foreign hubs .
Depending on the attitude stabilization system to be employed  , the bus consists mainly of the following items of equipment :
Depending on the line rates used  , fewer ADMs for the ring may not necessarily mean lower capital costs .
Depending on the location of this buffer  , the ATM switch can be further classified into an input buffer type , output buffer type , and input / output buffer type , and shared buffer type as illustrated in Figure 4 - 7 .
Depending on the SCE provides  , however , number of SIBs provided is different .
Depending on the vendor 's applications and product plan  , SONET ADMs may or may not have the cross - connect capability ( as do DCSs ) .
Deploying the paging channel over several radio zones by treating several radio zones as one unit  , while the transmission control channel is deployed separately in each radio zone .
Depolarization of the satellite antennas and earth station antennas  , and that caused by rainfall destroys the perfect orthogonal relationship between both circular polarizations , resulting in elliptical polarizations .
Description Method is converted into transfer syntax using a basic coding rule .
Design carefully because besides the above cases  , installation of new underground plant may be more economical than use of existing cable plant .
Design engineers must be careful in specifying a demand - to - capacity ratio to avoid bringing about a situation where capacity is not actually required  , despite the findings to the contrary .
Design engineers must design underground lines based on the important points given in Chapter 3 paying attention to future technological trends  , the condition of facilities , area situations and demand tendencies .
Design of transmission line should follow the process below .
Design provides space to responded to network expansion in the future ( Ensured CPU processing capability  , space in section for control circuits . ) .
Design theory of subscriber line using metallic cables .
Designated address is not registered or not uniquely identified .
Designates the number of octets of the field between LI and CK ( 1 octet = 8 bits ) .
Designates the start and end of the signaling unit .
Designing will be made in accordance with the following  , if outside plant already exists .
Despite its unclearness  , the power down registration carried out properly can prevent the MSC from paging the mobile unit unnecessarily .
Despite selecting 8 or 10 for m  , since it does not cause a sudden rise of clock frequency , therefore , it is advantageous for high transmission speed method .
Despite this  , the site measurement results show that Eb / No is 7dB or below on the average .
Despite this practice  , it is difficult to realize perfectly linear characteristics .
Destination point code  , originating point code , signaling link code , and 2 ~ 272 octet can be varied .
Detailed charging should be possible according to call distances  , duration , transmission frequency bandwidth , and service types .
Detailed use of SONET overhead in the ADM can be found in Bellcore Technical Reference TR - TSY - 000496 .
Detected when the subscriber picks up the handset and then  , the call is connected to the control circuit .
Determination of burst positions in the community is based on the SOF .
Determination of the symbol rate of 60.416M bauds  , or the bit rate of 120.832M - bit / s , is based on the relation between the keying speed and frequency bandwidth .
Determine the appropriate number of underground subscriber cables pairs designed according to the following :
Determines if there is any special charging treatment for the call in addition to the basis call process .
Determines out information from input information .
Developing this type of switching system required an entirely new approach to be taken because of the need to solve complex problems on billing and call regeneration transmission requiring the multi - section processing .
Development of these system  , and the current status of services utilizing them , are described below .
DF to Physical Plane : FEs identified in the DF plane determine the behavior of the Physical Entities ( PEs ) onto which they are mapped .
DGT ( Directorate General of telecommunication ) of MOTC ( Ministry of Transportation and Communications ) in Taiwan is going to deploy advanced freephone  , mass - calling and credit telephone services in 1994 .
Difference from AAL - 3 / 4 is that AAL - 5 does not support multiplexing .
Difference methods of interface are employed between the TDMA system and the domestic terrestrial communication network depending on the type of terrestrial network .
Different frequency bands and polarized waves are used to avoid mutual interference .
Different functional entities contain different functions  , and may also contain one or more of the same functions .
Different means are used for transmitting the video signal depending on whether the transmission distance is short or long .
Different modules for different kinds of in - band processing may be added to the system when needed .
Different primitives are issued according to type of service ( confirmed  , unconfirmed ) provided .
Different technologies from ordinary telephone are required .
Different types of configuration  , i . e . SSP - SCP and SSCP , are adopted for different services .
Different virtual channel links may exist in VPC ( Virtual Path Connection )  , which are identified by VCI assigned to each link .
Difficult to install and maintain the systems due to severe environment .
Diffraction phenomenon has close correlation with the conduction and dielectric rate of the earth in the propagation route .
Digital communications have some features different from those in analog communications .
Digital communications system provide flexibility in network composition and can deal with variety of services .
Digital communications system require synchronization .
Digital data as well as PCM signal may be transmitted on the voice transmission time sots .
Digital data read out from blocks 1 - 16 is arranged sequentially on the outgoing highway .
Digital information to be transmitted has constraint length of 9 and its code rate is convolution coded in to 1 / 3 ( coded into 3 binary symbols per 1 information bit ) .
Digital mobile communication in Europe ( GSM )  , America ( ADC ) and Japan ( JDC ) is adapted TDMA in common .
Digital network will be able to directly accommodate low - to high - speed signals within high - speed signal strings and process them .
Digital radio communication is suitable for the transmission of high speed data such as facsimile and video image .
Digital signaling equipment accomplishes the multiplexing processing of supervisory signals  , address signals and audible tones in a digital manner .
Digital signals are employed in TDMA because digital signals are easily converted to a series of bursts and timing control of burst transmission and reception is also easily carried out .
Digital signals are expressed in binary form ( 0 or 1 )  , and information is expressed as a combination of a plural number of bits .
Digital signals are suitable for processing by semiconductor circuits such as LSI 's .
Digital system requires parts such as a voice coding circuit that are not needed in analog systems .
Digital TDM system of Bell system is the most prominent example which has 247 Mpbs by multiplexing voice digital data  , image telephone and color TV signal .
Digital techniques were first applied to general telephony in interoffice T - carrier ( time division multiplex ) systems .
Digital terminal are cheaper and more compact than analog .
Digital terminal equipment must be designed to be able to support various service forms which are expected in the future .
Digital transmission aims at transmitting digitized message sequence in expected time with minimum error  , thus signaling rate and error probability are the important parameter .
Digital transmission can send 12 times the normal amount via one voice line  , through the multiplexing process for higher economy .
Digital Transmission has a great deal of advantages as compared with the existed analog transmission  , for examples , it is stronger against a noises and an interruptions from around because a regenerative repeatation is possible and provide for the good quality of transmission disregard to the transmission line and transmitting after transiting into the type of digital information disregard to the various types of information signals , which makes possible to integrated realization of digital transmission and digital exchange .
Digital transmission line Digitalization of all transmission line and exchanges brings about the following advantages .
Digital transmission link provide virtually error - free performance at signal - to - nise ratios of 15 to 25dB  , depending on the type of line coding or modulation used .
Digital transmission systems are robust in respect of noise and interference on transmission lines .
Digitalized voice transmission technologies will be adopted .
Direct closed loop synchronization is applicable to such methods of operation as global beam operation in which each traffic station can always receive bursts originating from the station via the satellite .
Direct interframe prediction cannot accurately predict chrominance signal amplitude  , because the color subcarrier signal element in the NTSC signal reverses its phase at each video frame .
Direct waves are mainly used for fixed communication ( toll call relay lines  , tv relay lines and etc ) .
Directional antennas can be used to transmit within defined propagation direction and areas .
Directivity is defined as relationship between the strength and direction of the radio wave emitted or absorbed by the antenna .
Directivity is high when the range of direction in which the radio wave is emitted or absorbed is narrow .
Directly at multiplexed level without changing to a low speed when receiving high speed muktiplexed signals .
Directly skip - multiplexes multiple 52M signals into a high capacity transmission signal ( 156 M x N ) .
Dirty insulators  , tree or branch touching line or cable , etc . , tend to damage insulation in the case of single or paired wires .
Disconnection of the transmission line disables the network .
Dispersion can be further divided into Rayleigh dispersion having linear characteristics  , induced Brilliouin dispersion having non - linear characteristics and induced Raman dispersion .
Display of users influenced ( xxx office  , ooo Branch ) .
Disposable models with numeric display will become available .
Disruption in the outgoing data from the memory caused by underflow or overflow is called sip .
Distance based registration : This is carried out when deviating a certain distance from the last registration points .
Distributed database systems generally use two - phase commitment control .
Distributed Functional Plane modeling  , in functional model and call model .
Distribution areas are set up so that economical distribution is possible in consideration of existing lines and road conditions .
Diversity technique means receiving signals separately thru 2 or more receiving systems which has no or less relativity and then synthesizing or diversing automatically this signal to use after or before detection .
Division of AT &amp; T into BOCs and a long - distance operator .
Doing this spreads the spectrum of the transmitted signal to the band occupied by the higher - speed code .
DP criteria may either statically activated ind checked for all calls to pass the DP or dynamically set for individual calls .
DPCM is illustrated in the most general form in Fig . 6.3 .
DPCM systems of this type are called previous sample feedback systems .
DPs indicate points in basis call and connection processing at which transfer of control to SCF can occur .
DPSK is encoding technique to replace binary digital value into uk = u ( k . T ) the following function by differential phase .
Drop wires to premises are fed from the terminal boxes .
DS ( More exactly speaking  , modulation of code sequence modulated to direct modulated wave ) system is the most - widely known type of spread spectrum systems .
DS system has been applied to various cosmetic such as JPL distance measurement by Golomb ( Digital Communication with Space Application )  , etc .
DS system modulates carrier wave with code sequence by AM ( pulse )  , fm or amplitude or phase modulation , which are similar to 180 BPSK .
DS1  , DS2 , and DS3 signals of 1.544Mbps Series , CEPT1 , CEPT2 , cept3 and CEPT4 signals of 2.048 Mbps Series , and wide - bandwidth service signals are tributary signals accommodated on STM - 1 which is a synchronous basic signal format .
DS2 signals obtained by multiplexing four DS1 signals are represented by the following equation .
DSI ( Digital Speech Interpolation ) is a technique in which satellite channels are assigned to persons telephoning only when the voice signal is carried  , instead of fixed satellite channels being assigned to respective persons .
DSI can accommodate about twice as many terrestrial channels as satellite channels .
DSI is a technique used in the combination with TDMA to increase the efficiency of use of satellite channels .
DSI is an abbreviation standing for Digital Speech Interpolation .
DSI is used in order to realize speech interpolation by digital techniques .
DSn signal interface are used to support present services .
DSP are capable of computing an entire integral calculation in a single machine cycle .
DSPs that are capable of meeting these requirements are therefore fundamentally important to such systems .
Due consideration must be paid to this factor in manufacture and installation of coaxial cable .
Due to development of an advanced information society  , diversification of services that include both telephone and non - telephone systems , and integration of communication networks , the influence trouble , such as failure or congestion , in a communication networks will have on society .
Due to differences in the distance of each earth station from the satellite  , even if bursts are transmitted from all station at the same time , the times required for the bursts to reach the satellite are not the same .
Due to such differences  , the switching and transmission of BISDN service signals becomes difficult to carry out .
Due to the difference in transmission speed  , there may exist a surplus or deficit of transmitted data at the interface of the two digital networks .
Due to the outbreak of the world war II  , the effort to build new switching systems were temporarily interrupted .
Due to the synchronous nature of SONET signals  , ds3s or DS1s can be dropped from an STS - N signal without the need for demultiplexing all of the STS - 1 or VT1.5 signals .
Due to their different communication system  , the transmission , signaling , and network management of BISDN are carried out differently from those of ISDN .
Due to these advantages  , optical fibers are being used for telephone networks , data / computer networks , and broadcasting ( wideband service ) and will be used for ISDN , power supply , military and medical applications , and measuring instruments .
Due to these reasons  , most of lately developed switching systems employ the common marker system .
Due to this  , problems related to jitter should be solved .
Due to this difference  , the optical pulses of respective mode elements , passing through an optical fiber have different arriving times and accordingly , the width of output optical pulse becomes greater than that of input optical pulse and it also experiences deformation .
During communication  , the detection of the location is indispensable for hand over a exclusive receiver at the base station in the analog system and the mobile station in the digital system compare the reception level and judge when to do a hand over based on location information .
During data transfer  , it transmits information as Os and 1s as is with no influence on the contents .
During data transfer  , such functions as data delivery confirmation , sequential control and flow control are not provided .
During digital transmission  , the relative size of the momentary voltages of the signal pulse and the noise at the discrimination point with have an effect on whether or not information can be correctly discriminated .
During message transfer  , these functions direct the message to the proper signaling link or user part .
During multiple failures  , this alternative architecture can possibly send control voltages only to the 1x2 switches but not to the 2x2 switches .
During multiplexing  , a new synchronizing method called a pointer for designating the head of a VC is employed , soon delay time during multiplexing and cross - connecting is held to a minimum , while it is no longer necessary for each device to absorb transmission line delay fluctuations such as jitter and wander .
During network management by SNMP  , snmp messages are sent received to deliver management information between manager and agent processes .
During normal operation in the 1 + 1 APS system  , the system transmits the signal continuously on both the working and protection systems .
During normal operation or fiber cable cuts  , the DH ( C ) / 1 : 1 / DP architecture functions like a SH / 1 : 1 / DP architecture .
During the call  , subscribers may be added or dropped .
During the field retrace time  , the picture is again blanked by a black blanking level .
During the initial stage of network operation  , the vocoder of 8kbps , that is run based on the QCELP algorithm is installed .
During the performance and analysis stage  , addition processings and analysis can be carried out with analysis programs based on collected performance data in order to enable the operator responsible for automatic performance control and network management function to carry out the matual control function .
During the period of selection and switching  , the control function is inoperative .
During the power down  , the mobile unit can go outside of the system service covered distance and as a result , power down registration can not be carried out properly .
During the process of drawing performs into fibers  , dust may stick to fibers causing flaws on the surfaces .
During the R &amp; D process for this  , several new concepts emerged .
During the short distance transmission of wideband video signals  , the analog transmission method can be used as well ; DIM method that sends video signal channels by IM and the method of carrying out FM and PFM modulation beforehand in order to broaden transmission distance can be used for this purpose .
During the soft handoff between two base stations  , the search receiver is used to determine the strongest path out of two paths and the three data receivers are allocated to demodulate these paths .
During the softer handoff  , the base station itself receives the handoff request in order to add transmit signal through a new sector .
During this interval  , the signal voltage changes according to the brightness of the corresponding picture elements within the amplitude range between A and B .
During this mode  , the messages of specific mobile unit are transmitted through predesignated slots on preset times .
During this period  , no voice signal is transmitted , so that competitive clipping occurs .
During this process  , the maximum number of coefficients required is decided among 64 of them .
During this time  , no useful picture information is transmitted .
Dynamic cell allocation means that monitor is using channel whenever call is happened on the service area and the select the idle channel in the adjacent cell to allocation the other channel which has constant distance .
Dynamic or flexible channel allocation means changing allocation depend upon the time and geography .
E ) Framework for defining service triggering requirements should be provided .
E  , is composed of two rays . E0 , the free - space electric field intensity given by equation 2.1 can be used in the following equation ( 2.4 ) , the same as in equation 2.2 .
Each access channel is related with the single paging channel of the forward CDMA channel .
Each array has two terminals to connect two highways .
Each base station can identify the zone in which the mobile station is located .
Each base station of CDMA cellular system transmit pilot carried signal .
Each batch ( = 1 frame ) is divided into 15 groups for power - savings .
Each bit sequence from the transmission lines is written into elastic store memories and is then read out in accordance with the reference clock in the station  , this procedure makes it possible to adjust the phase and then it possible to multiplex the signals in the same station .
Each BOC or LEC has a SCP which keeps the information on the mapping between esch 800 number and an IXC and other required information such as from the centralized SMS / 800 which is an integrated database for all the 800 numbers in USA .
Each call control message will be explained in detail later .
Each call path is configured with a certain time slot on specific data flow .
Each cell site has 3 cells and the frequency reuse pattern has unit as 3 sector 7 sites .
Each code channel in the forward channel transfers one of the 64 Walsh functions at the fixed chip rate of 1.2288Mcps so as to perform the orthogonal channelizing among all channels on the multiple assess channel .
Each counter threshold corresponds to one counter .
Each country defines signaling hierarchy by considering the bit speed of the transmission medium  , encoding bit speed of various signals , connection with the switching system , network configuration , and the trend of other international standards .
Each country determines its own bit speed for its systems .
Each discrete sample value is represented by some number of binary digits of information .
Each DS1 interface reads data from an incoming DS3 stream and inserts data into an outgoing DS3 stream as appropriate .
Each DS3 is assigned a different priority if needed .
Each DSr or OC - M interface reads data from an incoming OC - N and / or inserts data into an outgoing OC - N stream as appropriate .
Each earth station knows the form of the TDMA frame and its own assigned time ( time slot )  , but does not know the time reference , which is informed by reference bursts sent from the reference station while information is conveyed with data bursts .
Each earth station shifts to the normal communication state after the acquisition ; however  , continued control is required so as to keep its bursts from colliding in the satellite with other bursts .
Each earth station transmits its signal in the time slot assigned to it in every TDMA frame .
Each element has both server functions and client functions .
Each encoding symbol is repeated twice for the sync channel and the modulation symbol rate is 4800 sps .
Each end point carries out the performance monitoring as follows ; for every block having a pre - set size ( the number of cells per blocks )  , an OAM cell inserted with a forward error detection code is loaded and then , sent and then performance deterioration factors generated in each block using a corresponding code at the opposite side is detected and then , returned .
Each end point carries out the performance monitoring as follows ; for every block having a pre - set size ( the number of cells per blocks )  , an OAM cell inserted with a forward error detection code is located and then , sent and then performance deterioration factors generated in each block using a corresponding code at the opposite side is detected and then , returned .
Each equipment utilizes fiber optic transmission technology to fullest extern  , and the summary of each optical interfaces is shown in table summary of optical interfaces .
Each FE must be mapped onto one physical entity  , but , each PE may contain one or more FEs .
Each field is formed with a multiple of an octet .
Each field of the signaling unit format has the following meaning .
Each frame consists of one frame bit and 24 kernels and each channel has 8 bits .
Each frame consists of two fields  , an even field and an odd field .
Each has a parabolic main reflector and is so designed that the point wave source is located at its focus so as to radiate a plane wave from its parabolic surface .
Each hemispheric beam covers effectively the eastern and western hemispheres  , respectively .
Each hierarchical level is called a layer .
Each interaction between a communicating pair of functional entities in the model is termed an Information Flow .
Each layer ( section  , path ) has an OH ( Over Head ) , making possible efficient network management , maintenance operation .
Each layer is divided into D  , E , f layer according to its height , and F layer is again divided into F1 , and F2 , layer , fig.2.3 shows the density according to the height of typical ion layers .
Each LEC  , an ATM end system that several existing LAN end system below it , is located on the connection point between the LAN and the ATM .
Each m series generated by h ( x ) has ( 2m - 1 ) number of 1s and ( 2m - 1 - 1 ) of 0s .
Each managed object is described as an SNM.1 macro and is regulated in the SMI .
Each message contains service information including a service indicator identifying the source user part and possibly whether the message relates to international or national application of the user part .
Each method therefore has its advantages and disadvantages  , and it is necessary to examine all the features of each method from many angles when it comes to selecting a method .
Each mobile unit in the neighboring base station of the above  , controls transmit output to be transmitted to its base station .
Each mobile unit measures the receive power level of signal sent from the base station in order to estimate path loss .
Each network consisted of the combination of time switches and space switches .
Each node maintains the statistics on commitment violating cells and then reports the statistics results to the network management system .
Each node only accepts and receives frames addressed to it .
Each of 6 symbols indicating the Walsh code of 64 chips is transmitted .
Each of the 6 base station system is connected to the PSTN  , the same as for the new domestic maritime telephone system previously described , through a control office and switching office for car telephone service established at 4 places within the country .
Each of the multiplexed samples is quantized and then coded to an 8 - bit binary code .
Each of the systems employs a distribution method that fits its features ; currently  , the feeder line system uses the FD - distribution method instead of the conventional feeder - cable distribution method , and the distribution system uses the free distribution method .
Each of the three system manufactures has been providing one closed IN realization in a region of the nation .
Each of them is deployed orthogonally by one of the 64 Walsh function codes and then deployed into the orthogonal pairs of the PN sequence at the fixed chip rate of 1.2288Mcps .
Each office except the foreign hub is equipped with an APS system that detects network fault in the architecture .
Each OPM includes a 50 / 50 Power Spliter ( PS ) on the transmit side and a 1 x2 optical switch on the receive side .
Each output port is connected to the shared medium through an address filler and FIFO buffer .
Each pager is identified with one of the eight groups and receives only the timeslot of the self - group signal on outfoxing batches .
Each PIC is described in terms of the conditions to enter it  , its functions and the conditions to exit it .
Each plane represents a different abstract view of the capabilities provided by an IN - structured network .
Each PN chip of the long code is generated by the 42 – bit shift register long – code generator .
Each position corresponds to one of the primary 16 modulation symbols .
Each PS shown in Fig.1.67 ( b ) represents a PS pair because the PS is an unidirectional device .
Each Q.12x8 recommendation describes the IN Application Recommendations and describes their definitions .
Each receive earth station monitors all of these signals and extracts any information addressed to it based on the packet headers .
Each receiving station extracts on a time - division basis  , out of received signals , only portions of the carrier bound for itself .
Each reverse CDMA channel is composed of a maximum of 62 traffic channels or a maximum of 32 access channels per paging channel under operation .
Each series constrains a Recommendation describing each plane in the INCM .
Each signal coming from other direction to a mobile unit is subject to the different affect of objects near the mobile unit .
Each signal is read out from the memory with the Read signal ( R signal ) produced from the read controller shown on the slide .
Each signal unit is furnished with flags to indicate start and end .
Each station transmission its carrier during the assigned short period ( time slot ) within the time frame .
Each sub - burst contains at least one and at most 128 satellite channels .
Each subscriber is connected through a relay system to an office service position  , and the switching system constantly monitors the subscribers at each office service position .
Each subscriber 's HM is maintained by calling of the input of a power source for the mobile station  , each time the subscriber moves into a location registration area .
Each switch derives its clock frequency from the incoming transmission line .
Each switching node average the incoming frequencies from the other switches and uses this average the its local and transmit clock frequency .
Each time sot consists of 8 bits  , so that one frame consist of 256 bits .
Each traffic burst has a traffic data section after the preamble .
Each traffic channel consists of the traffic data and the mobile power control subchannel .
Each traffic station begins transmission according to a new Burst Time Plan at the SOTMF which is obtained by adding Dn to the SORMF three multiframe after completion of the countdown .
Each traffic station can establish burst synchronization only by transmitting bursts according to the information about burst transmit timing provided by the reference station .
Each traffic station has its own SORMF and SOTMF depending on the propagation time .
Each traffic station maintains its burst in the nominal position by transmitting the burst according to the timing indicated by the reference burst .
Each traffic station periodically returns transmit delay Dn used by the station to the reference station using the Service Channel .
Each traffic station receives the reference burst and transmits its own burst after an estimated delay calculated from the reference burst receive timing .
Each traffic station receives these bursts and picks out traffic bursts containing signals addressed to the traffic station .
Each traffic station transmits traffic bursts in assigned time slots at the satellite by controlling burst transmit timing according to the reference burst which is used as the timing standard .
Each traffic station usually performs burst synchronization under the control of the reference burst from the primary reference station in the opposite area .
Each traffic station which has received the Request for Ready to Change message prepares for a change to a new Burst Time Plan .
Each type of managed object is defined as a managed object class .
Each user has one bulletin board file to keep bulletin board messages which can be read by other users in MESSAVIA .
Each user has one retrieval file to keep read message for arbitrary certain period of time .
Each user part defines the function and procedures peculiar to the particular user  , whether telephone , data , or ISDN user part .
Each users has one Mail box to have delivered message stored .
Each users o MESSAVIA has his own bulletin board file in which they can keep many their own bulletin board messages which can be searched and retrieved by other MESSAVIA users .
Each version of AIN is referred to as a Release .
Each voice orderwire channel carries a voice signal of 32kbit / s encoded by means of delta modulation .
Each way for the string to vibrate corresponding to each standing wave is called mode of vibration of the string .
Early in the development of AIN Release 1  , the functional entities such as SSF / CCF and SCF were identified , consistent with the definitions and roles of the IN CS - 1 functional entities .
Earth method has an important effect upon radiation efficiency  , because most of the power loss of earth antenna is thermal loss by earth resistance .
Earth station for satellite communications can be roughly classified by the transmitting and receiving frequencies used  , and by the receiving sensitivity characteristics ( G / T ) .
Earth station receive system noise other than above ( except receiver thermal noise ) .
Earth station transmit group delay distortion noise .
Earth station transmit system noise other than above .
Earth station used in the satellite communication experimental days of the early 1960s were very large since each satellite launched was very small due to the limitation of launch technology .
Earth stations are facilities provided on earth for achieving effective satellite communications .
Earth television station can report news dynamically .
Easily reflected ( travels beyond line - of - sight distance ) .
Eb / No defined as the ratio of the spectrum density of energy vs  , the ratio of noise power spectrum per bit required depending on the modulation and coding methods used .
Eb / No is a measure that is used to compare the performance of digital information processing equipment units  , such as modulators , encoders , and decoders .
Echo cancel are designed to suppress echoes  , distorted versions of original sounds or signals that are reflected back to the source .
Echo Cancel effectively remove echoes by learning the characteristics of the transmission channel and calculating and estimate of the received echo .
Echo distortion is produced at the feed assembly  , wave guide , cable etc .. , where they are impeded to some extent .
Echo distortion would not be of a serious problem in the receive system  , since the distance between antenna and LNA is generally short .
Echoes severely degrade speech quality and are intensified by coding delay .
Economy : Existing wire is usually utilized  , so no new wiring is necessary .
EFCN is process used to indicate the congestion generation by setting middle bit as 1 among PTI fields of cell header passing toward congestion generated and EBCN is a process used to indicate the congestion generation in opposite direction of congestion generated .
Effective refraction ratic is expressed as follows :
Effective use of conduits must be considered when additionally installation underground cables .
Efficiency of transmission power in case used bandwidth maintains constant is maximized because signal component has a specific envelop level .
Efficient use of power prolongs the life of a pager 's battery .
Efficient use of power prolongs the life of a pager 's battery .
Efforts should be made to bring the number of pairs in a central - office entrance cable to the maximum specified for each conductor diameter by skillfully combining the fixed distribution areas served by this cable .
Efforts will be continued to further increase reliability in view of reducing down time .
EGP ( Exterior Gateway Protocol ) Neighbor Down Trap : Reports that a neighbor EGP is down .
Einstein was successful in solving the above dilemmas .
Either a travelling wave tube or a klystron is used depending on the number of transmitting carriers and the required e . i . r . p by properly utilizing its performance characteristics .
Either case requires comprehensive consideration be given to various factors such as the amount of initial investment  , present amount of annual cost at present value , problems in construction work , and negotiations with road administrators and local residents .
Either RB1 or RB2 operates as the primary reference bursts and the other then becomes the secondary reference burst .
Elaborate methods for segmenting the picture take into account not only the amplitude of changes but also the proximity of significant changes to other significant changes .
Electric field intensity ( Eo ) in free space propagation has no relation to antenna height at the base station ( sending station ) or mobile station ( receiving station )  , and is found using the following equation .
Electrical signal that have been converted from light are generally weak and distortional and thus  , are difficult to be regenerated .
Electrical signals of voice and so on are modulated by a modulator .
Electromagnetic waves with frequencies of 10 kHz to 300 GHz are used as radio waves .
Electronic constant r of the above is defined as in equation ( 3.2 ) .
Electronic exchanges have hardware a software for use of radio pagers .
Electronic mail is a communication processing service that transfers message information utilizing character data image information  , so - called mail .
Elements are distribution in a master – slave relationship .
Eliminate differences in sub - network service quality .
Elimination of backlogged orders due to lack of facilities .
EMD ( Edelmetall - Motor - Drehwahler ) developed by Siemens of Germany is the same type .
Emergence of IN / 1 architecture with switches and SCPs ( Service Control Points ) interconnected via S . S . No 7 signalling network and os ( Operations System ) provided for service management .
Emergency and safety communication for sea rescue and navigation is indispensable to vessels  , and is the oldest type of maritime mobile communication .
Emphasis must be placed on improving S / N after demodulation  , S / N can be improved by 2.9 dB by performing pre - emphasis at the transmit side and de - emphasis at the receive side according to the specifications recommended by the CCIR ( International Radio Consultative Committee ) .
Emphasis operation is used to offset the effect of triangle noise to obtain an equal S / N for all channels .
Employment of OFDM will make possible not only high speed data communication that can provide simultaneously about 100 channels at every system to 1000 subscribers  , but the video signal distribution of huge quantity .
Enables end users specific data to be replaced  , to add , change , retrieved , incremented , or decremented .
Enactment of the Telecommunications Business Law ( April 1985 ) .
Encoded codes were used as the transmission medium .
Encoding TV signals in PCM requires a very wide transmission bandwidth  , since its sampling frequency exceeds 10MHz , thus requiring a bandwidth of more than 80MHz in 8bit PCM , which is not practical .
Encryption  , for example , is practical and generally useful only if the secure form of the message is established at the source and translated back into the clear only at the destination .
End - user application softwares being considered include CAD  , desktop publishing , medical image , multimedia database , multimedia / medical system , post - production editing , video / teleconferencing .
End - User Focus Group was organized to analyze main concerns and requirements in the industrial field and investigate the reaction of information communication end users .
End - users screened to access the subscriber 's network  , system or applications .
England introduced a 900 MHz system based on the U . S . AMPS  , but with changes to certain operating parameter , such as channel separation .
Enhancement of SMI  , updating / addition of MIBs , and security and billing management functions that have not been issued yet are under study by working groups .
ENR committee is composed of a requirements group  , education group and membership group .
Enriches interface functions between feeder cable networks and distribution cable networks .
Ensuring high - level engineers through the integration of functions of components .
Ensuring message flow in conjunction with modifications of message routing .
Entities can be roughly classified into network providers and general companies  , and each has a different purpose for introduction , as shown in Table 5. .
Entity : Program functions required by the pertinent layer to perform communication .
Equal access from different networks to the functions of one network needs to be guaranteed in many cases  , in particular for competitive services .
Equalizers are used to restore the original wave form of the signals distorted through the transmission .
Equation ( 1 ) is used to calculate the gain of an antenna .
Equation ( 2.27 ) indicates that only if the transmission linear during the transmission of information in the carrier frequency band via a modem  , it is possible to directly obtain the receiving band spectrum after demodulation from the transmitting baseband spectrum by considering the low - pass model equivalent .
Equation ( 5.19 ) is an expression of S / N as a function of the r . m . s test tone deviation fr of the signal .
Equation ( 5.20 ) is the modified expression of equation ( 5.19 ) in the logarithmic form .
Equation ( 5.25 ) can be rewritten as equation ( 5.28 ) taking into account of the power flux density acquired at the satellite due to the e . i . rp . of the earth stations .
Equation ( 5.28 ) can be expressed in logarithm form as shown by equation ( 5.29 )  , where the factor of input back - off is added .
Equation ( 5.40 ) gives the D / U for down - link  , namely the D / U at the antenna of the earth station E1 .
Equation ( 5.41 ) gives the S / N as a function of D / U .
Equation ( 5.43 ) provides a simple way to obtain [ S / N ] down after knowing the [ S / N ] up  , since the same procedure is used for this case .
Equation ( 5.7 ) is a decibel expression of C / No which is a sum of C / N in dB and B expressed in dB .
Equation 3 - 2 can be used to calculate the CDMA cellular system capacity of QUALCOMM .
Equation 4.6 uses input scale values for noise occurring in each section .
Equation 5.2 is a decibel expression of equation ( 2 ) obtained by taking the logarithm of equation ( 2 ) and by multiplying a factor of 10 to it .
Equations ( 7 ) and ( 8 ) are called a pair of Fourier transforms .
Equations 2.4 and 2.5 are for electric field intensity in flat - ground propagation  , and as show basic as equation 2.3 , the applicable condition for 2.5 in 4phtht / ld &lt; 0 , 5 rad , but for practical use , it can be used beyond the distance where the value of equation 2.5 almost fits the free space electric field intensity given in equation 2.3 .
Equations to calculate the required saturation output power of an earth station .
Equipment configuration screen : Equipment configuration at a single point .
Equivalent noise temperature is the absolute temperature of a matched resister which generates the same amount of noise as that of the receiver or circuit referred to its input .
Ericsson of Sweden was able to solve this problem by successfully developing a cross bar switching system .
ERMES is used at international airports  , and in capitals and principal cities .
Error control by retransmission and signal unit sequence control by means of explicit sequence numbers in each signal unit and explicit sequence numbers in each signal unit and explicit continuous acknowledgements .
Error correction codes are roughly classified into the block code and convolutional  , according to their generation methods .
Error rate expected by simple FH system without transmission data redundancy is J / N .
Error rate of FH system that applies binary redundancy FSK ( fa : mark  , fh : space ) can be represented as a sum of rough binomial expansion .
Especially  , in the case of video telephone , head - and - shoulder views of people engaged in conversation are transmitted almost all the time , and it can be expected that these views will have little movement area .
Especially  , as there is no pilot signal for aligning phase reference , the coherent modulation and demodulation method is used .
Especially  , beside the simple economical aspect , concerning the subscriber system , wdm should be considered positively because of the several effects as table .
Especially  , satellite communication which is unique type of micro wave systems operated in high frequency is suffered from attenuation in the rain .
Especially for the transmit system  , this echo distortion is apt to become great because he circulators used for removing reflection generally have inferior isolation performance due to the need of high power transmission .
Especially if you use a high frequency system  , you need to keep the line - of - sight and check the distance between transmitting point and receiving point carefully .
Especially you have to study about how the base station locates to remove the gap of service area and how the frequency efficiency and improve .
Essentially  , this is the SCF - SDF interaction covered by CS - 1 Refinement making use of the X.500 capabilities .
Establishment of one or more data link connections between two network entities .
Establishment of unit areas and distribution areas .
ETHERNETs specifications were announced publicly early in its development  , so it became the international standard for LANs , and IEEE 802.3 was established based on its specification .
EURESCOM is currently participated by network operators from 23 nations .
EURESCOM was formed in 1991 by European public network operators to enable the development of harmonized strategies for the planning and the provision of the future European public telecommunications network infrastructure and services .
European countries use 2.088Mbps are the basic bit speed .
EURSCOM is currently participated by network operators form 23 nations .
Evaluation measure of speech and transmission quality are used the following things :
Even after initial acquisition is completed  , the burst position in the TDMA frame continuously fluctuates from the nominal position .
Even after the ITU - T Recommendation was settled  , the research and innovation activities concerning the synchronous digital hierarchy continued .
Even cable with 0  , 9 - millimeter - diameter wires sometimes fails to satisfy a specified line - loss limit in cases of distant subscribers . For this , ntt practices measures against high loss for such subscribers .
Even greater advantages of modem technology have been achieved by using large - scale integrated ( LSI ) circuits designed specifically for telecommunications functions such as voice encoding / decoding codes  , multiplexers , switching matrices , and special purpose and general purpose digital signal processor ( DSPs ) .
Even if a filter with odd - symmetrical characteristics with respect to the cut - off angular frequency  , wo , is overlapped with the ideal low - pass filter , the intersection ( null point ) with the axis of the impulse response waveform remains unchanged .
Even if a satellite is positioned in a geostationary orbit  , its position changes by about ± 0 , 10 degree in the east , west , north and south directions .
Even if bit synchronization is completely established  , crosstalk or noise due to misconnection may occur in voice signal on the receive side unless the voice signal contained in the multiplexed signal are correctly separated .
Even if the amount of traffic increases  , transmission efficiency dose not decrease very much .
Even if the channel error rate goes up to 10 - 5  , the BCH code can improve it to 10 - 10 .
Even if the commercial IN platform mey be able t check the type and format fo the service data is could not be able to check if the values are correct .
Even if the crosstalk is of sufficient amplitude to cause detection errors  , the effects appear as random noise and , as such , are unintelligible .
Even if the main switch is turned off  , messages are not deleted and are stores in memory .
Even if the rate of baseband data changes  , the shape of modulated signal is not changed .
Even in a uniform medium  , its refractive index varies with wavelength , resulting in the propagation speed varying with wavelength .
Even in areas where telephone poles are uniformly distributed  , demand per effective pole may vary due to differences in land size per house .
Even in case of planned stops  , which are unavoidable , for service update , the duration should be minimized .
Even in graded - index optical fibers in which a parabolic refractive - index distribution profile is adopted to minimize mode dispersion  , accuracy in profile shaping is limited .
Even in the case of high bit rate  , this does not increases the circuit size .
Even in the latter case  , they tend to develop the SCP software by themselves or develop the software jointly with the computer manufactures .
Even on TUG - 2 signals we can see that TU - 11 pointers of TU - 11s are grouped together and are exposed externally .
Even so  , the frequently carried out registration causes overload on access channels and the base station must confirm each registration through the use of paging channels and this fact increase the overload of paging channels .
Even the MNR signals  , which have for along time been used as a universal source of reference signals for subjective analysis , have a different timbre to that of low - bit - rate coded speech and are now regarded as unsuitable for evaluation purposes .
Even though a node detects a line failure  , switching is done at the path layer for path switched SHRs .
Even though a personal communicating service subscribes registers himself to a mobile terminal no incoming calls to him are awarded to the terminal if call forwarding has been activated for this terminal .
Even though frame using efficiency is not dropped  , it needs to measure the distance .
Even though it is not a formal standard organization but it exerts a big influence .
Even though switching systems have been upgraded greatly from the time of their invention  , their basic functions of detecting subscriber calls , connecting them to called subscriber and then , carrying out the recoveries upon call completions remain the same .
Even though the ABR service does not guarantee sell delays  , it guarantees cell lost rate and use the minimum cell rate ( MCR ) , a new parameter to notify the demanded minimum cell transmission rate .
Even though the configuration of small zone is complicated  , it can cover the wide service area , and realize the big system which has high frequency efficiently .
Events necessary for processing detected by the IN - SM at DPs in terms of BCSM are reported to SCF .
Ever since  , the digital switching system run on the digital transmission system have been installed and operated widely .
Every communications satellite is required to have high reliability and as long a service life as possible  , and thus is developed by special development procedures .
Every ISDN terminal having this socket  , whether it may be a telephone set or a facsimile machine , can be used everywhere so far as the connector is provided , so that a complete terminal portability is assured .
Every mobile switch therefore provides specific functions  , such as the following :
Every node that have received this cell investigates whether it is possible to assign the network resources to transmit the designated burst and if possible  , the cell where Ack is included is transmitted .
Every point on the water surface is regularly swinging up and down as the wave propagates .
Every TE stores the Dr bit sent out from that TE in a buffer and then compares the Dr bit with the De bit sent from NT .
Every time a virtual channel is set - up  , connection identification number is assigned and when the connection is released , this identification numt ) er is released as well .
Every time division switching network consists of logic circuits .
Every time voice is detected  , the international channel number corresponding to the newly active input terrestrial channel and the satellite channel number assigned to the international channel are sent as one assignment message .
Ex : determine the configuration for the most economical rural network for the area shown in Fig 8.3  , given the following system specifications and other conditions .
Ex : Given the following demands  , estimate the total traffic of the planned area , consisting of one town , seven villages and two very small villages , fill in the Table 2 .
Ex : suppose the network has 60 circuits  , the calling rate is 0.1 erl / subscriber , and the standard of loss probability is within 0.01 , how many subscriber can the network accommodate ? Refer to the given table .
Exactly speaking FH modulation is regarded as frequency transition operation of multi frequency selected by code .
Examine equation ( 5.26 )  , this is the decibel expression of equation ( 5.24 ) .
Examine the network configurations of the individual countries .
Example phase diagrams for 8 PSK  , and 16 PSK are given in Fig.3.8 .
Examples of adjustment with system management are detection of failure in managed object and collection of statistical information .
Examples of cable unit allocation to individual fixed distribution areas and underground cable design are given in table 2.12 as concrete examples of design by the FD distribution system .
Examples of support for managed objects are recomposition of a LAN in the event of station control failure  , and updating of routing tables for the network layer .
Excellent real - time performance : Because there in no waiting or delay  , this system is suitable for voice communication requiring real - time performance .
Except for data at the highest layer  , all data has a single parent .
Except for few case  , they are not directly related to transmission equipment and are only applied to the switching systems .
Except for northeast of Hokkaido and Ishogaki Island off of Okinawa  , the service area , as show in Figure 1.1.6 , is at an altitude of more than 500 meters .
Exchange manufactures can make full use of their expertise on call handling to enable the efficient realization of IN capabilities with their own exchanges .
Exclusive use of pole sites has become very difficult because of current increases in land prices  , complicated social environments and an upsurge in local residents sense of rights .
Exist in case of using self - synchronization type scrambling circuit .
Existing metallic subscriber line networks were built to provide customers with analog  , 4 kHz band telephone services .
Expandability and flexibility differ according to network management format .
Expanded MIBs are developed by the manufacturer or user to establish original managed objects to realize their own management functions .
Expanded MIBs that the vender sets originally are allotted under that vender 's Enterprise ID .
Expansion cables must be released from multiple - connection as much as possible at access points ( including feeder points ) on the upstream side  , and must not be multiple - connected at access points on the downstream side .
Expect surface wave and sky wave  , there is scatter wave , which is reflected wave due to the severe change of trosphere and ionospheric layer or radio wave colliding to materials such as shooting stars and scattering to reach the receiving end .
Expensive channel control is complicated  , so it is expensive .
Exploitation of human visual - psychological - characteristics .
Exploitation of television signal characteristics .
Exponential curve  , this curve is applied to chiefly short - term and medium - term forecasting .
Extension MIBs are very important for multivender management .
Extension to the mobile network is defined separately from the PSTN : the message billing index for charging in the PSTN is determined by the number dialing and is charged to the caller in the PSTN .
External noise consists of space noise  , ground surface noise , atmospheric noise and rain noise .
External unification is ensured on ATM cell and multiplexing method of ATM cells is called ATDM ( Asynchronous Time Division Multiplexing )  , and the communication system based on ATM cell and ATDM is called ATM communication method .
Externally  , VC - 4 signal is the same as the signal obtained by multiplexing TUG - 2 into 21 TUG - 2s and then , attaching VC - 4 POH and FOH in front of them .
Extra cable wires are provided to maintain a certain ability to meet demand when faced with changes in demand .
Extracting data on past actual demand from various materials .
F ) Coexistence of IN service logic and non - IN service logic ( e . g . existing switch - based features ) on a single call should be supported .
F alpha + beta is a vector suffering from phase distortion .
F alpha represents a correct vector  , while F alpha + beta is a vector suffering from phase distortion beta .
Facsimile terminals not only in the same country as the mail system is located but also in other countries may be designed .
Factors affecting FD distribution system characteristics .
Factors permitting such intelligence include advances in digital transmission and switching  , common channel signalling , distributed data processing and data base management .
Factors to be considered are topographical conditions  , social characteristics of the area , road traffic , etc .
Fading lowers channel performance as well as communication quality and accordingly  , transmit power should be increased to overcome such a fading .
Failed equipment requires an allowance of 0.01 – 0.1 % operating time  , if there is no spare system , or 0.001 – 0.1 % of operating time if there is a spare system .
Failed section localization using overhead bits and equipment monitoring signals .
Failure detection and recovery processing are complicated .
Failure of a terminal dose not affects the network .
Failure of a terminal that provides the control function also makes communication impossible  , so the terminals providing those functions must be duplexed .
Failure of the control unit stops all communication .
Failures must be cleared in current subscriber networks by replacing cables .
Fast resource management can be applied to the calls that time interval between bursts and the size of burst are relatively large .
Fault in TDM network – Determines the range of influence on PS  , pbx networks .
Fault management is the function of detecting H / W or S / W problems in the network elements  , isolate them so that they do not affect the operation of the system .
Fault management is the function of detecting H / W or S / W problems in the network elements  , isolate them so that they do not affect the operation of the system .
FDB should as far as possible  , be set up so that its boundary coincides with rivers Railroads , main road , etc .
FDDI : FDDI ( Fiber Distributed Data Interface ) is the standard for high - speed  , general - purpose ring type LANs , which ANSI the America national Standards Institute ) has been promoting standardization of since 1982 .
FDDI is suitable as an access system under IEEE standardization .
FDM is operated extensively thru frequency division multiple access ( FDMA ) is satellite communication .
FDM means a multiplexing method that divides frequency bandwidth of a transmission line into several sub - bandwidth and located each signal spectrum which sent from several low speed equipment simultaneously by multiplexing into center frequency of each subcarrier to separate it from the others by band pass filer .
FDM multiplex signals typically include pilot signals to measure channel continuity and power levels .
FDM multiplexing hierarchy of ITU - T recommendation is indicated in table 3.1. BG ( basic group ) is bunch putting 12 circuit voice transmission band of 0.3 ~ 3.4 kHz upon 60 ~ 108 kHz band  , SG ( super group ) is the cluster binding up the 5 BG .
FDM transmission mode taking an AM mode is named an analog transmission mode .
FDM uses FSK modulation generally but sometimes uses PSK since it is low rate and has guard band to prevent interference from adjacent channels .
FDMA can be used for any modulation system  , analog modulation or digital modulation , such as FM waves modulated by multiplexed telephone signals or TV signals , and digitally modulated PSK waves .
FDMA is realization of the narrow - band channel that simply any terminal has a telephone line per channel which can access any one of frequency .
FDMA is the type of multiple access which has been used most widely in satellite communications .
Features of synchronous terminal equipment system .
FEC coding by ( 128  , 112 ) BCH code is applied to the traffic data section of a traffic burst specified by INTELSAT .
FEC coding is applied to the three assignment messages by the ( 24  , 12 ) Golay code for protection from transmission errors .
FEC coding is applied to the traffic data section by the ( 128  , 112 ) BCH code .
FEC coding is performed only for the traffic specified by INTELSAT .
FEC decoding is applied to the traffic burst with its preamble detached .
Feedback closed loop synchronization is applied to spot beam operation where each traffic station cannot receive the burst originating from the station via the satellite .
Feedback control is used to adjust the cell rate or interrupt the cell generation by notifying congestion state to the user when the congestion occurs .
Feeder system noise is expressed as T0 ( LF - 1 ) .
FH system should provide a large number of available frequencies and required number depends on system error rate .
Field trial AIN 0.1 to be initiated by the end of 1994 .
Fifth  , one should also consider the capacity of portable communications systems .
Fig  , 3 - 11 depicts the relationship of these three different levels .
Fig  , 3 - 7shows the configuration of the IN trial .
Fig  , 6 - 1 depicts how a trombone connecting is made .
Fig . 1.57 shows one possible ADM equipment architecture for interoffice applications .
Fig . 2 - 5 shows the components that have been identified to describe a BCSM .
Fig . 2.8 ( a ) presents a continuous spectrum and Fig . 2.8 ( b ) a linear spectrum where and represent the respective parameters in the diagrams .
Fig .3 - 3 depicts the network configuration of Bell Atlantic AIN .
Fig 1.3 shows a composite video signal .
Fig 1.71 depicts SONET ring architecture classifications based on demand routing and the protection control mechanism .
Fig 2 - 12 shows the image of service processing and an example of SIB .
Fig 2 - 12 shows the relation of Charge SIB with the information flow between relevant Functional Entities .
Fig 2 - 4 shows the IN functional model defined in the framework of the DF Plane .
Fig 2 - 9 depicts an example service described making use of SIBs .
Fig 2.1 shows a conceptual diagram of transmission in the NTSC color television system .
Fig 3 - 1 shows the process of the progressive development and deployment of different AIN Releases ( refer also to table 2.1 ) .
Fig 3 - 4 inclustrates how 800 portability is realized .
Fig 4.4 shows the basic configuration of the transmitter .
Fig 5.14 shows the signals of the second order products and the third order products in the case of two signals .
Fig 5.19 shows the measured S / N for each received carrier .
Fig 5.20 shows the frequency response of the weighting circuit .
Fig 5.28 shows the area of coverage of hemispheric beams in the Atlantic Ocean Region .
Fig 5.6 shows the description of transmission noise in analog system .
Fig 7 - 1 shows and example of service interaction .
Fig b shows the time slot configuration on the incoming highway and that on the outgoing highway .
Fig.1.55 ( a ) and Fig.1.56 ( b ) depict generic SONET ADM functional architecture in the terminal and add - drop modes  , respectively .
Fig.1.61 depicts an Add - Drop Multiplexer ( ADM ) fiber chain providing connections between a group of COs and two hubs .
Fig.1.66 shows an example of a DH ( D ) architecture with diverse routing protection  , denoted by DH ( D ) / DP , in terms of fiber spans .
Fig.1.69 depicts examples of line switch and loopback for restoration .
Fig.2.27 shows the relation between S / N ratio and C / N in AM and FM system .
Fig.2.28 is the recommendation of ITU - R about multi - channel propagation related pre - emphasis .
Fig.2.32 shows the general structure of SS No.7 signaling system .
Fig.2.34 shows transceiver block diagram in base station .
Fig.2.51 shows the efficiency of dynamic channel allocation .
Fig.3.21 and 3.22 show layers 1  , 2 , and 3 , which made up the MPT .
Fig.3.22  , which illustrates the basic structure of SS No.7 shows two parts of the system :
Fig.7.5 shows the basic configuration of space diversity .
Fig.9.3 shown the development evolution of the NTT .
Fig.9.4 illustrates how the pager has been made more compact over the years .
Figs overhead bits and overhead bits show the byte positions inside the SHD interface frame ( STM - 0 / 1 ) into which the overhead bits are to be inserted .
Figure ( b ) is bidirectional transmission  , and transmission route having no interference is formed by using different wavelength .
Figure 1 - 10 and 1 - 11 show an example of the relationship .
Figure 1 - 3 shows this type of channel relation .
Figure 1 - 7 shows an example of VP switching and VC / VP switching .
Figure 1 - 9 shows configuration of SAR - PDU in SAR sublayer .
Figure 1.11 explains the influence of NA and the core diameter on the coupling efficiency between an optical fiber and light source .
Figure 1.11 shows an INTELSAT VI satellite using spin stabilization .
Figure 1.12 ( c ) shows the phase variation in the lateral direction of electric field strength caused by the propagation of the incident and reflected light .
Figure 1.12 shows an INTELSAT V satellite using three - axis attitude control .
Figure 1.13 shows a basic configuration of a transponder .
Figure 1.15 illustrates that  , in an optical fiber , interference between the incident light with this specific angle of reflection , and the reflected light causes a specific field strength distribution .
Figure 1.17 shows the way light propagates in the GI - type optical fiber .
Figure 1.22 shows the relationship between optical loss and light wavelength of typical quartz optical fibers .
Figure 1.28 shows splicing loss caused by misalignment  , separation , etc , between two cores .
Figure 1.33 shows classification of optical fiber cables in terms of fiber coatings and cable grouping methods .
Figure 1.34 shows the structure of an optical fiber cable commercialized by NTT and used in line repeater networks connecting telephone offices .
Figure 1.4 shows the most basic satellite communications system configuration of earth station - to satellite - to - earth station .
Figure 1.8 shows that a wave confined with two boundaries  , after repeated reflection , results in waves propagating in opposite directions and superposed on one another .
Figure 10 shows the description method and an example for a managed object .
Figure 10.4 shows the function for terminating connections required to assure two kinds of mobility across networks .
Figure 10.4 shows the SNMP message and PDU frame formats .
Figure 2 - 2 shows block diagram of typical DS communication circuit .
Figure 2 - 4 describes correlation function of DS signal and effect of band restriction on RF envelop .
Figure 2 - 5 shows block diagram for hopping transmission and Figure 2 - 6 shows frequency spectrum of the frequency hopper .
Figure 2 - 7 ( b ) shows number of channels accommodated to the same bandwidth increases twice .
Figure 2 - 7 describes channel overlap and bandwidth decrease .
Figure 2 shows the connection of accessible terminals .
Figure 2.10 shows an actual example of cable - wire splicing for newly installed cables .
Figure 2.11 shows the unipolar random gate function ( solid line ) and the bipolar random gate function ( dotted line ) where .
Figure 2.15 shows a typical case for rays reflected from multiple building reaching a mobile station .
Figure 2.19 shows a case of total area relief and figure 2.20 segmental relief .
Figure 2.20 presents the waveform of the unipolar gate function subjected to band limitation  , and Fig . 2.21 shows one aspect of bit errors caused by overlapping of random noises .
Figure 2.22 ( b ) and ( c ) show the output signal of the one - line delay circuit .
Figure 2.27 shows an example of using an cable unit by tapping off  , and figure 2.28 shows an example of avoiding tapping - off from a cable in the manhole in front of the central office .
Figure 2.5 shows the multiplexing of voice signals of four channels on the transmit side and the demultiplexing of the signals on the receive side .
Figure 2.6 Quasi - Millimetric Wave Frequency Allocation for CS - 3 .
Figure 2.7 shows this principle for overlapping of two rays that have the same electric field intensity .
Figure 2.9 shows an example of not reduction . 10 - pair subunits for the distribution area are connected at the branch point  , taking non - telephone services into account .
Figure 3 - 13 illustrates the encoder for the code specified in this section .
Figure 3 - 21 indicates the random sampling value of the power control it position .
Figure 3 - 6 shows an example of the forward CDMA channel transmitted from the base station .
Figure 3 - 7 shows one example of all signals received by specific sector antennas in base station .
Figure 3.1 is a conceptual diagram of amplitude modulation .
Figure 3.12 provides an example in which the number of multilevel ( L ) is 4 .
Figure 3.22 shows the basic structure of the ferrule type connector .
Figure 3.5 shows the basic implementation of a 16 channel  , bit - interleaved , digital time division multiplexer using common digital logic circuits .
Figure 4 - 9 shown the internal structure of representative ATM switches which have been and commercialized until now .
Figure 4.11 uses a down link as an example to show the change in carrier power for the sending and receiving of radio waves .
Figure 4.20 shows an example of site diversity being used in the down link  , but it can be used in up links , as well .
Figure 6.1 depicts speech signal transmission in analog and digital cellular systems .
Figure 6.1 shows a typical operation / maintenance system after introduction of the network management system .
Figure 6.10 shows an example of the architecture of a DSP .
Figure 6.13 shows a system that was developed with these specific objectives in mind .
Figure 6.14 shows the construction of a VSELP code .
Figure 6.14 shows the correspondence of the IEEE 's items to the OSI basic reference model .
Figure 6.15 shows the configuration of a PSI - CELP encoder .
Figure 6.15 shows the correspondence between TCP / IP and the OSI basic reference model .
Figure 6.16 shows the correspondence of FDDI to the OSI basic reference model .
Figure 6.16 shows the principle of pitch synchronization .
Figure 6.17 shows the sound quality of VSRLP  , PSI - CELP and analog FM .
Figure 6.18 shows the concept of the multiple token system .
Figure 6.18 shows the concept of the multiple tokens system .
Figure 6.2 shows how the bit rates of the main speech coding algorithms developed for telephone systems have dropped over the last twenty years or so .
Figure 6.2 shows that in both streams of development  , the bit rates are reducing by half every five years or so .
Figure 6.2 shows the amplitude distribution between adjacent elements .
Figure 6.3 shows a basic model of speech generation .
Figure 6.5 shows an example of a predictive residual .
Figure 6.6 shows the configuration of signaling equipment based on this approach .
Figure 6.7 shows the distortion that occurs when bit errors are generated in a PSI - CELP signal .
Figure 7.2 illustrates these factors  , as well as the principal control functions required in response to them .
Figure 7.4 shows the five methods of deploying control channels in small zones .
Figure 7.5 depicts the control of radio channels  , with supervision operating in the following ways .
Figure 7.5 illustrates the status switching of radio control channels corresponding to changes in status of a mobile station in a car phone system made up from small zones .
Figure 7.6 shows control signals and radio channels ( control and voice ) which transmit control signals  , taking as an example Japan 's mobile communications system , which operates at 800 MHz .
Figure 8.12 shows an authentication and ciphering scheme .
Figure 8.16 ( c ) shows an example of handover control utilizing subscriber line extension .
Figure 8.2 outlines the basic switching functions for connection processing in the PSTN .
Figure 8.6 shows the allocation of switching functions to the MGS and AMS .
Figure 8.7 is a connection configuration for the semi - area - undesignated system .
Figure 8.8 shows the location registration functions when a mobile terminal moves out of a radio zone .
Figure 8.9 shows the relay system configuration for mobile telephone service .
Figure 9.2. A Transition of The Number of Customer of Radio Paging Service in Japan .
Figure assume that traffic distribution is uniform .
Figure represents the structure of Metrobus system .
Figure shows a reference configuration for an ISDN user – network interface set out by ITU – T Recommendation I.411 .
Figure shows how to define the use of these three bytes .
Fill in the blanks ( 1 ) ~ ( 4 ) in the time slot configuration so as to show how signals A  , B , C … and N on inlets a , b , c … and n are converted to outlets a ' , b ' , c ' … and n ' by referring to the equipment circuit .
FIM can prevent multiple instances of IN and non - IN service logic instances from being invoked at the same time .
FIM provides a unified view of call / service Processing internal to the SSF for a single call .
Finally  , a few aspects of low - bit - rate speech coding are introduced that require further consideration .
Finally  , H3 ( or V3 ) byte is used for loading valid data when executing negative justification .
Finally  , if the Pocket Bell call and free - text message from a data terminal is input to a line control unit that has the X.25 , JUST / PC or NCU interface , the control unit verifies the contracting party and sends the message and call number to the encoder under the guidance of the data terminal .
Finally  , let us examine the method of reading out data from the secondary time switch .
Finally  , route is determined through coordination of government agencies in charge of road maintenance , and other offices concerned .
Finally  , STM - n signal is obtained when one AUG is multiplexed into n number of AUGs and then , a section overhead is attached over that .
Finally  , the demodulated signal is restored to its original format in the regenerator .
Finally  , the total demand is calculated by multiplying the demand per pole by the number of effective poles along the route through which the applicable lines are distributed .
First  , a continuous signal u ( t ) is low - pass foltering at first and sampling , so u ( t ) is obtained .
First  , as explained under ( 4 ) and ( 5 ) , the number of the car phone receiving the call does not in itself determine the connection route , and therefore cannot be used to determine the charge rate .
First  , as show in figure 2.12 ( a ) , we start with a clear propagation path between the base station and the mobile station and the mobile station , in which there is only a direct ray .
First  , atm cell is classified into ATM layer cell and physical layer cell .
First  , bisdn is a , service integrating digital network as in the case of ISDN ; However , it differs from ISDN in that it provides the integration of broadband signals as well .
First  , convert the decimal number 3 into its binary equivalent as shown on the right in the slide .
First  , demand is added up according to new building plans and the like for the distribution area obtained as regional development information .
First  , distortion and noise do not accumulate as a result of regenerative repeat , so that high - quality transmission and switching are achievable irrespective of distance .
First  , find the C / I using equation 4.13 the same as for determination of C / N .
First  , having a wide bandwidth , it can transfer a great amount of information such as voice , data , video signals and combined signals through one system up to a distance of 100GHz - km .
First  , in case that the traffic is added as much as newly requested bandwidth on the basis of measurement results of traffic and congestion state reported from each network element , the quality status for cell loss is evaluated through estimation .
First  , in time slot T1 signal A is written at address # 1 in the time switch .
First  , input signals are sampled periodically and the , quantized to discrete values on the amplitude axis .
First  , it differs from the conventional wired logic circuits in the following aspects .
First  , it will be spread slowly around some - scale department str special stores , but will eventually spread to all types of software or system configuration technology .
First  , only cases where non - directional base station antennas is considered ( that is space separation effect ) and later , the effect of the use of directional base station antenna is considered .
First  , optical communication technology has been upgraded ; the loss of optical fiber has been reduced to below 0.5dB / km and the prices of light emitting / receiving elements have dropped rather drastically .
First  , rb1 and RB2 are required , then one of these reference bursts is identified as the primary reference burst .
First  , set - up or release is accomplished by reservation without signaling procedure .
First  , set - up or release is accomplished without signaling procedure .
First  , since item slot # 3 of highway 11 has been selected , the controller writes 2 ( not 3 ) into the control store SCM for a reason explained later .
First  , the assumption that a great number of cells have the same size and mobile units are evenly distributed throughout the cells .
First  , the boundary surface between medium 1 having a refraction rate of n1 , and medium 2 having a refraction rate of n2 shown in figure , is explained .
First  , the coating must be removed , the secondary coating mechanically with a tool , and the primary mechanically , or chemically with an organic solvent .
First  , the diversification of telecommunication services and the sharing facilities are explained together with the conventional electrical telecommunications services based on the telephone and telegraph systems independently run through the utilization of the subscriber telephone network .
First  , the high speed handling and element technology , broadband transmission and switching technology are required because the high speed and broadband service signals are used video .
First  , the reference station sends a Request for Ready to Change message to all traffic stations involved in the Burst Time Plan change using the Service Channel .
First  , the satellite is launched onto a parking orbit using the first – and second – stage rockets .
First  , the system can secure satisfactory transmission quality regardless of the transmission distance , since it is free of the noises which generally accumulate during repetition due to its regenerative repeating function .
First  , voice detection is employed to recognize whether voice is present or not on each input terrestrial channel .
First of all  , it is the direct influence of the BISDN NNI that stipulated 155 Mbps for the standard bit rate of BISDN NNI and that stipulated the payload bit rate among them be below 149 Mbps .
First of all  , one must consider the limitations of CELP algorithms , which form the backbone of current coding methods .
First of all  , we have distortion noise which is specific to the FM transmission caused by the non - flat frequency response of delay and amplitude characteristics .
First of all  , we will examine what kind of services should be introduced in the planning area .
Firstly  , select an information receiving partly and then , interface path .
Five years later  , bell started a long distance call service between New York and Chicago and Gugliemo Marconi of Italy installed a radio broadcasting station for broadcasting telegraphic signals .
Fixed channel allocation is the method to fixed channel of each cell in advance .
Fixed communication using mostly microwave is adopted in long distance phone service  , telegraph , photo telegraphy , broad casting , tv transmission and so on .
Fixed conditions areas are classified as those suitable for demand estimation by computer and those not suitable  , based on the results of the field survey , along with estimated future conditions and the estimated degree of development in the area .
Fixed distribution areas are established according to section 2.3.1 .
Fixed distribution areas are set up by dividing a service area according to existing routes using main roads  , railways and rivers as boundaries and by further dividing such divided areas into sub - areas convenient for maintenance and operation .
Fixed distribution areas requiring facilities expansion are classified as follows :
Fixed Distribution Block is a fundamental unit for administration .
Fixed radio communication is mainly used in microwave toll relay transmission .
Fixed VPI / VCI is separately assigned to indicate unassigned cell  , physical layer operation and maintenance ( OAM ) cell , meta - signaling channel and general broadcasting signaling channel .
Flexible channel allocation is very useful when it is possible to estimate the channing point of time and geography .
Flexible charging including charging to card  , called party or third party and split charging .
Flexible node structure matched to each office size and functions .
Flexible routing by obtaining the destination number based on various conditions .
Flexible user interaction with DTMF tone signalling and a variety of announcements .
Flow control : congestion control for the network .
Flow control actions to minimize effects of overload .
Flow control to adjust the number of frames transferred .
FM is that moment frequency deviation is in proportion to the message signal u ( t )  , when frequency deviation constants is kr FM wave S ( t ) is .
FM system basically consists of code generator and frequency  , synthesizer that can respond to code output from the generator , form of frequency synthesizer with rapid response has been developed for spread spectrum system .
Fo : frequency separation between the desired and undesired signals ( Hz ) .
Foe example the control center does not control the cell sites but the cell sites control itself thru the giving priority function to each cell .
Following are typical conditions to generate delivery notification in MESSAVIA .
Following files are provided to each user of MESSAVIA to handle messages .
Following sections describe the progress of research for speech codes  , the principles of the low - bit - rate - speech coding and decoding techniques , related technologies , speech coding and decoding systems applied to mobile communications , the future prospects , and problems to be solved .
Following the Nordic example  , england and Germany then introduced small zone systems of their own .
Following the tone - only pager numeric display pager was introduced in 1987 that displayed up to 12 numerical digits .
For 1 : N systems where two or more fiber systems have failed simultaneously  , only the number of DS3s with highest priority ( up to the protection line rate ) can be recovered through the protection system .
For 1200bps transmission  , the deviation is + - 50 kHz because the modulation input is faster and waveform offset is employed .
For a balanced pair cable is only a transmission means used between the subscribers and telephone office  , expects that a balanced pair cable will be a main means in ISDN in the future .
For a break in the ring  , local and remote control is necessary to effect the lopping back of traffic by the nodes on either side of the break .
For a Burst Time Plan change  , all traffic stations simultaneously change the position and length of bursts according to the directions of the reference station while keeping burst synchronization .
For a circularly polarized wave  , although it is not necessary to adjust the direction of receiving horn , the feeding circuit of the antenna becomes slightly complicated .
For a digital signal at third order level  , the multiplex equipment using justification technique is used .
For a digital subrate signal DATA - MUX provides the connection with synchronous terminal equipments .
For a long time  , this method was used widely to meet the communications needs .
For a multiple access link  , the level of received input to the communication satellite is unified by previously specifying the level and designing sending facilities in the earth station for the specified level .
For a random waveform  , since the signal has an infinite length in the time axis , the Fierier integral in equation ( 2.7 ) does not converge into a finite value , but the objective time function itself is a probable phenomenon .
For a service that needs to represent time explicitly  , it can provide time information by inserting into CS - PDU .
For a signal from digital telephone switching system conforming to CCITT recommendatations  , fcon functions as CTE .
For a voice band analogue signal coming from analogue telephone switching system or subscribers  , PCM - MUX functions as CTE .
For accessing a satellite packet communication network  , three methods are considered : the preassignment access , random access , and reserved access .
For an analogue multiplex signal  , digital TDM to analogue EDM trans - multiplexer is used in KDD GT - MUX ( group band signals an intraoffice signal of 8.193 Mbs . ) .
For an I / O buffer type  , both the input and output ends are equipped with buffers and the SPANET switch developed by GTE is of this kind .
For an ordinary parabolic antenna  , the half - power beam width ( θ½ ) is approximated , in terms of D ( m ) and f ( GHz ) , as follows :
For analogue voice band signals  , PCM - MUX , multipler equipment is used .
For applications requiring economical signal add - drop capability  , tsa is preferable for ADMs because it offers more economical signal add drop than TSI .
For ATM layer fault management  , there are an ASI / RDI alarm monitoring function , continuity inspection function , and loopback function .
For ATM layer fault management  , there are an ASI / RDI alarm monitoring function , continuity inspection function , and loopback function .
For attaining synchronization  , the send side inserts marks ( frame bits ) in a signal string , thereby allowing the recovery of signals at the receive side .
For basic telephone connection  , the calling party dials the area code and the subscriber number ( OABCDEFGHJ ) , the combination of which produces a specific number that is unique throughout the country .
For best result  , the number of rows and columns should be determined by considering the bandwidths of digital signals and service channels to be accommodated .
For burst synchronization  , each traffic station determines its burst transmit timing based on Dn which is newly sent every control frame with a period of about 1 second .
For cables serving customers using circuits  , mostly data circuits , around the clock : if repetitive installation work is expected for circuit transfer , pec cables must be newly installed to connect subscribers to the central office .
For change of traffic demand of a traffic station and for entry of a new traffic station to the TDMA system  , a Burst Time Plan change is required to change the length of a burst and to add new bursts .
For changes of channel assignment in TDMA  , it is sufficient to change the length and position of the bursts .
For charging in an area - undesignated system  , the following four systems can be considered .
For coating materials that are soft or have great optical power loss are used .
For coherent demodulation it is essential to obtain the exact carrier frequency and phase of the modulated signal .
For communication beyond the line - of - sigh distance  , the troposcatter wave may occasionally be used , but almost never for VHF or UHF band communication .
For communications  , the ARPA network accommodated switching systems called IMP ( Interface Message Processor ) and was interfaced with the large computer centers of Illinois University , U . S . C , and other via a 50Kbps network connecting among switching systems .
For comparison the power level of an active talker is typically - 16dBrnO .
For concretely defining the network functions  , the idea of connection types is introduced .
For control of digital exchanges  , SPC ( Stored Program Control ) is employed as in the control of electronic ( analog ) exchanges .
For convenience  , we use the mode - field diameter , a parameter read from light energy distribution .
For data communications  , dedicated lines that can be used only by a limited number of subscribers are used .
For data transmission ARQ is used  , since it does not necessarily require real - time transmission .
For deciding transmission speed and line repeater spacing of optical fiber communication systems  , there are two important factors , optical loss and transmission bandwidth .
For designing ITV systems  , performance is allocated to inter - city and subscriber sections .
For designing subscriber lines  , attention should be paid to the following points .
For designing the FDM mode  , ITU - T has been prescribed three kinds of 2 , 500 km HRC ( hypothetical reference circuit ) in the recommendation G.222 and the 5 , 000 km HRC in the recommendation G.215. 2 , 500 HRC recommend the configuration but the nine non - modulation area is common at any case .
For digital radio transmission  , the digital baseband signals must be converted into radio frequency band signal .
For digital transmission  , quality depends only on the coding and decoding process and independent of transmission media and transmission line length .
For digital transmission by PSK modulation  , it is assumed for theoretical purposes that a frequency bandwidth equal to the keying speed is adequate for transmission .
For digital voice signals  , speech interpolation can be easily performed .
For each phase  , referred to as capability set ( CS ) , a set of target IN capabilities are first defined and then the evolving path from the existing technology is sought for .
For each vocoder data block  , the signal quality estimate is acquired from base station normally at the interval of 20ms and then it is transmitted the MSC along with the data .
For economical design of the earth station  , some unavailability due to rain must be accepted but , depending on the type of communication service ( TV broadcasting , for example ) , such unavailability should be minimized .
For established the F . D . B in a single building  , it satisfies demands after 10 years .
For example  , calling name delivery may need a capability to transfer the calling name in a signalling message over the network boundary .
For example  , if a call to a mobile service subscriber is first forwarded to his / her home network and then to the visited network , unexpected delay may be caused , in particular in case of trombone connections , i . e , the calling party and the called party is physically very nearly located from each other .
For example  , if SCP is based on UNIX and the verification can also be made on UNIX then service verification results would be very reliable .
For example  , one network may make use of another network 's resource for service realization .
For example  , outgoing call restricting can be provided at the discreting of one network .
For example  , pink is allow saturation red .
For example  , sin ( Omega t + 103 degree ) represent red , sin ( Omega t + 241 degree ) is green and 0.8sin ( Omega t + 103 degree ) represents darker red than 0.5 sin ( Omega t + 103 degree ) .
For example  , the Analyze Information PIC in the originating BCSM shown in Fig.2 - 6 is entered when complete initial information package / dialing string from the originating party is available ( DP 5 - Collected - Info ) .
For example  , the CC of Japan is 801 and that of the United State is 1 .
For example  , the data of the nth layer contains data of the ( n + 1 ) th layer which is immediately above the nth layer .
For example  , the SIBs defined for CS - 1 may be useful for service creation .
For example  , 3 cells reuse on ship call in port , train call , and plane call ( Fig.2.42 ) shown 3 cella repetition on linear type cella allocation .
For example  , a paging call number registered in the S1 area would be transferred to the Central Base Station in S1 ( named sub Area in contrast to Main Area ) via transfer line from the M Central Base Station .
For example  , as shown in ( a ) of Fig.2.2 , 8C2 = 28 lines are required for the case where only eight subscribers are registered in the system .
For example  , as shown in Fig . 1.25 ( a ) , when a light pulse is radiated into a multi - mode optical fibers , the pulse at the output end is greater in pulse width than at the input end .
For example  , assuming n1 = 1 , 475 ; n2 = 1 , 46 ; 2a = 50 and lamda = 1 , 3mm , we have the number of propagation - modes N = 16 .
For example  , between the telephone and the switching system , connection and recovery requests , selection designation by dial pulses , answer message by originating tone or ringing tone are exchanged .
For example  , blank - and - bust signaling system is available in traffic channel .
For example  , by changing the speed of vocoder , several types of voice quality services that are subject to different charges can be provided .
For example  , fh system with 1000 of frequency selections has processing gain of 30dB .
For example  , fluoride - glass optical fibers can be drawn at a low temperature of about 700 ° C , therefore , loss due to the Rayleigh scattering decreases down to 1 / 3 that of quartz optical fibers .
For example  , for an antenna used in the Ku band , we put :
For example  , for an optical fiber whose refractive indexes are n1 = 1.475 and n2 = 1.46 ( relative index difference = 1 % ) .
For example  , for the case where the frequency is f = 900 MHz ( l = 33cm ) , the base station antenna height is ht = 100m , and the mobile station antenna height is hr = 1 , 5 m , a distance of d = 5 km , or more can be used .
For example  , frequencies with the VLF can be propagated under the sea .
For example  , going to work early morning , all the traffic concentrate from suburban to urban and afternoon its situation becomes reversed .
For example  , if a fourth - stage satellite station also serves as a fifth - stage central station , it will select the data for the fifth - stage central station , rather than that for the fourth - stage satellite station .
For example  , if f1 is 4.0 GHz and f2 is 4.1 GHz , then ( 2f1 - f2 ) = 3.9GHz and ( 2f2 - f1 ) = 4.2GHz , both of which clearly fall in the 4GHz transmission band .
For example  , if f1 is assumed to be 4GHz , 2f1 is 8GHz and 3 f1 is 12GHz , which are entirely out of the band of a 4GHz amplifier .
For example  , if r = 0 , 9 and o1 = 600m , fluctuation in the electric field intensity for a distance equal to several tens of the wavelength repeat at a period or l / 2 , as shown in figure 2.16 ( i ) .
For example  , if switched from the time slot 7 of input flow to the time slot 2 of output flow , the information from the subscriber indicated as input time slot 7 are sent to the subscriber indicated by output time slot 2 .
For example  , if the TV signal is transmitted by radio at 1 MHz , the middle wave radio frequency band is not sufficient .
For example  , in a city where there are many reflective obstructions , such as buildings near the station , it often happens that interference cannot be estimated by calculation , so actual measurement is indispensable .
For example  , in addition to the INTELSAT and Intersputnik systems which are international satellite communications systems , a number of local satellite communications systems and domestic satellite communications systems have been materialized .
For example  , in case RF bandwidth makes a request for 1 GHz the DS system requires an instantaneous code generator having the clock rate of 1136 Mcps and when employing the FH system , a frequency mixer that can generate the frequency having the interval of 5kHz is required .
For example  , in Fig.1.67 ( b ) , a Y - span is used to connect Office A , its home hub , and its foreign hub with a PS at the pseudo - hub office ( Office C ) .
For example  , in personal computer communication , it is not enough to just connect personal computers using adapters that have the same type of connector .
For example  , in the case of sampled frequency 8KHz , the time slot system should be capable of writing and reading data onto the memory every 124m sec / 128 = 976 nsec .
For example  , in the case of submarine optical fiber cables , it is necessary to protect optical fibers from a high water pressure in the deep sea of several thousand meters .
For example  , in the case of video information , the screen and voice are not in agreement with each other .
For example  , in the case of video information , the screen starts to blink or the screen and voice are not in agreement with each other .
For example  , in the normal condition , signals from Node 1 to Node 3 are routed via path 1 - 2 - 3 , and the returning signals from Node 3 to node 1 are routed via the same path ( path 3 - 2 - 1 ) .
For example  , initialization of terminal device can be simplified by fixing meta - signaling VCI with and identical value in all UNIs .
For example  , it is difficult to obtain a bandwidth of 500 kHz at a frequency of about 1 MHz , but such a bandwidth can easily be obtained at about 1 GHz .
For example  , it is used for radio communication with ships sailing over the sea .
For example  , Ku - band waves are weakened to about 1 / 10 ^ 21 of the original signal ; if they are received by an antenna , e . g . , one with a diameter of 3.3m at the Ku band , their level increases by about ten million fold .
For example  , loss due to the Rayleigh scattering is about 1 dB / km for the light at a 1cm wavelength , but it is reduced to about 0.1 dB / km for the light of a 1.6cm wavelength .
For example  , one time slot on continuous input flow having k number of different PCM words activates a proper gate to perform the switching to the desired horizontal axis .
For example  , since a 6 GHz antenna with a diameter of 30m has again of approximately 63dB ( two million times compared to an isotropic antenna ) , the EIRP in front is , indeed , two hundred million W if the transmitting power is 100 W .
For example  , standard MIB - II ( RFC 1213 ) has been established primarily for the TCP / IP protocol group , which contains about 190 objects .
For example  , television signals , which require greater transmission quality than voice signals , are not usually combined with FDM voice channels in a wideband analog transmission system .
For example  , the control through network resources change is to expect long time - scale effect and each cell is controlled by the unit of time when a cell passes nodes ( or exchanges ) and has an immediate effect .
For example  , the CPU of the electronic calculator is made up of only Accordingly , addition circuit and basic circuit .
For example  , the cut - off wavelength of an optical fiber with parameters , n1 = 1.463 , n2 = 1.46. 2a = 10mm c = 1.22 cm .
For example  , the free - space loss ( γ ) between the Earth 's surface and a geostationary satellite amounts to approximately 200 dB for a wave of 6GHz frequency .
For example  , the hardware cell distribution and switching can be processed by means of hardware with shared cell memory that are used commonly by the input side and output port .
For example  , the hardware cell distribution and switching can be processed by means of hardware with shared cell memory that are used commonly by the input side and output port .
For example  , the managed object that indicates the number of the send / receive datagram in the IP layer , which is defined as a standard MIB , is named as follows :
For example  , the noise power generated by a noise source of 300ºK , when measured in a 40MHz bandwidth , amounts to 1.66 10 ^ - 13 W according to the above equation .
For example  , the number of TPDUs ( Transport Protocol Data Units ) , which transmit at the session layer , exist as individual items of management information .
For example  , the receiver of BPSK system only requires to distinguish two signals with the phase difference of 180 degrees , but in the case of 8Ф system , the difference is reduced by 45 degrees .
For example  , the results of examing base stations located on highways show that the call traffic of neighboring base stations is only about the half of the total call demand on the highway .
For example  , the system that has binary data on one channel and ranging signals on other channel represents an unbalanced QPSK .
For example  , the total length of up and down links in satellite communications ranges over 70 , 000km , so that it takes about ¼ seconds for a radio wave travelling at as high a speed as 300 , 000km per second to go on the up or down link , which cause a considerable time delay .
For example  , the vocoder run in the low rate of 4kbps , increases system capacity as much as 1.7 times ( the system capacity is not doubled because the low rate transmission is required in the voice blanking ) .
For example  , there is a 1 GHz frequency bandwidth between 5 and 6 GHz , and if it is used efficiently , 100 , 000 channels of telephone lines or more are available .
For example  , three highways which transmit parallel signals obtained through three serial / parallel converters are applied to a multiplexer ( MUX ) to multiplex signals on six channels , as shown on the slide .
For example  , to transmit 10 Kbps information at code rate of 22.75Mcps , bandwidth of 20MHz is required for reference BPSK modulation and processing gain becomes to 20MHz / 10Kbps = 2000 .
For example  , until underground distribution facilities become common in large cities , three may be cases where an overlay multiple - cable structure with existing metallic cables and additional optical fiber cables is used in certain aerial sections due to rapid spreading of digital services .
For example  , when N is 1024 , the throughput is about 0.26 but in the case of buffered banyan switch , the throughput can be improved up to 0.45 when N is 1024 .
For example  , when slot is assigned to the far mobile from the base station and nearest assigned slot 2 , the end of burst collides with slot 2 because the burst of mobile 1 arrived late .
For example  , when the receiving antenna gain is 60dB and the noise temperature is 100ºK , G / T = 40dB / ºK since T is 20dB .
For example  , when voice is made into CBR cell , about 125 usec per byte is required to convert it into the digital signal of 64 Kbps .
For example : a group of channels can be made a channel frequency division multiplexing and it is bound with other channels on a transmission cable .
For example coded voice ( option 1 ) has a simple layer 2 and a vocoder as a one upper layer because layer 2 ( option ) has nothing to do due to rare voice retransmission caused by the error .
For Example recently developed combined multifunctional products  , such as radio - electronic notebooks and portable radio - based information terminals , will incorporate pagers .
For example the assumption is made that when another call is attempted to a base station that is processing ' N ' number of calls  , which corresponds to the maximum capacity , this call is not processed and no reattempting takes place .
For existing lines  , newly generated demand for digital services requires the conversion of branched wire distribution area to non - branched , although it is applied in the beginning to newly installed lines .
For facilities investment  , it is important to determine the capacity of facilities to be expanded .
For feeder cables leading to fixed distribution areas where a lot of non - telephone services are anticipated : if trouble removal or facilities maintenance work involves such feeder cables  , pec cables must be laid through up to the telephone office without limiting the work to partial replacement of the cables .
For fiber - hubbed networks  , the failure of the hub building can isolate he area where that hub serves as a demand concentration point .
For fixed distribution areas in other districts serving large users like banks  , securities companies , general trading houses , and newspaper publishers : PEC cables must be introduced on a direction basis with due attention paid to the progress of digitalization and the improvement of maintenance service to handle demand for digitalization .
For fixed distribution areas in the metropolitan and urban business districts where a number of data circuits are installed : PEC cables must be introduced into all the fixed distribution areas to handle demand for digitalization .
For fixed distribution areas not suitable for demand estimation by computer  , demand is estimation using the equal density area prediction method .
For future Capability Sets  , it may be desirable to incorporate this functionality fully into the BCSM , depending on the benchmark set of services for given Capability Sets .
For GI - type fibers the axial alignment can easily be made just by placing the cut optical fibers on a V - shaped groove ( called outer - diameter alignment ) since the GI - type is relatively large in core diameter which is 50 Mm  , and loss increase due to core eccentricity is negligibly small even when taking its maximum value of $ 6 % into consideration .
For H.2  , h3 and H4 channel were designated as . broadband channels corresponding to the existing digital hierarchy .
For HF band are used various kinds of antenna such dipole antenna  , beam antenna , rhombic antenna , v type antenna , fishbone antenna , load type omnidirectional antenna , log periodical antenna , and so on .
For high - level signals  , they are represented by algebraic curves .
For high gain directivity antenna of HF and UHF is used beam antenna ( refer to &lt; Fif.2.9 &gt; ) .
For higher performance  , the CDMA system utilizes wide band channels .
For higher speeds  , the research focused on the international standardization of synchronous NNI has been carried out .
For immediate deployment of this architecture  , 1x2 electrically controlled mechanical optical switches , which are commercially available , can be manually operated without changing APS - design .
For instance  , in a G distribution with an error fluctuation coefficient of 0.7 as shown in figure 2.36 , cases where the ratio of actual demand increase to forecasted demand increase is 1.0 or less make up 59 % of all cases .
For instance  , the last item , ease of encryption , is a dominant feature favoring digital networks for the military .
For instance  , when there is information indicating a number between 0 and 7 , three bits ( 23 = 8 ) are required to express this in binary notation .
For interconnection of transmission lines operating with independent clocks  , pulse stuffing is carried out in the multiplexer .
For international calls  , language digits are used for the connection to specific operators when the international calls are terminated to a final terminating office ( Meaning 1 ) .
For item a  , the method of determining up - link C / N during design of a multiple access link is different .
For long - distance transmission  , radio transmission , either via a wideband microwave system using frequency modulation or via a satellite communication system using a geostationary satellite is generally employed .
For manufacturing optical fibers  , a round glass rod of several mm to several tens of mm in diameter , called a perform ( mother material of optical fibers ) , is heated at about 2000 ° C , and then drawn in to a thread form .
For materials of plastic optical fibers  , silicon resin , and acrylic resin ( e . g . , polymethyl methacrylate : PMMA ) , are proposed and sometimes in practical use .
For mobile radio communication  , primarily frequencies in the VHF and UHF bands used .
For more effective use of limited frequencies available Japan 's three international airports  , the New Tokyo , osaka and Naha Airport are utilizing a so - called airport radio telephone system in which a common relay base station is used by all subscribers to the system .
For multiplexing  , TDM , FDM , SCM ( Subcarrier Multiplexing ) , WDM ( Wavelength Division Multiplexing ) are used .
For multiplexing  , the frequency of each digital signal and phase should by synchronized properly .
For multiplexing  , tributary signals are converted into STM - 1 after passing through the above mentioned multiplexing elements .
For one assignment channel  , 128 bits are provided as for one normal satellite channel .
For optical - fiber communication  , laser light that is spatially coherent is essential as the light source because optical fibers convey optical signals in a transmission mode in the cores resulted from light interference .
For optical fibers used in subscriber networking connecting home and offices  , it is necessary to accommodate a great number of optical fibers with high efficiency and density .
For ordinary parabolic antennas  , ranges from 0.5 to 0.7 .
For overhead plants  , sufficient construction work security and stability against severe overhead conditions are required .
For pagers  , the pager 's function is be enhancing and its size is be reducing .
For primary order level  , synchronous multiplex equipment is used .
For radio communications which handle international communications  , satellite communications have provided high - capacity links in place of shortwave communications which were used more frequently before .
For radio lines that use frequencies of 10 GHz or more  , the relay intervals are shortened to prevent influence of rain ( 10 to 20 km ) .
For real - time processing  , it is generally implemented as hardware ( VLSI Element ) .
For reference  , the signal composition of ERMES is shown in Fig.9.7 .
For remote option settings  , the ADM includes a synchronization interface for backup timing , a maintenance interface that connects the ADM to the office alarm system , and an OS for maintenance , provisioning , and testing .
For rural or remote areas such as farm land of fishing towns having a low call traffic  , a start network is utilized .
For SAPI values  , 0 is assigned to the call control procedures , that is , circuit – switched connections , 16 is assigned to the packet communications and 63 is assigned to the management procedures .
For security management  , ( 1 ) authentication of data transfer originator , ( 2 ) guarantee of data contents , ( 3 ) guarantee of data , order , and ( 4 ) protection of data secrecy are being worked on .
For similar reasons end - to - end digital transmission is needed for data related applications .
For simplicity  , the diversity of the protection fibers from office C to its home hub is in Fig.67 ( a ) but not in Fig.67 ( b ) .
For small antennas whose direction or of occasional manual adjustments conducted as required  , is used when the received signal level is judged to be hardly affected within the ordinary moving range of a stationary satellite .
For some large areas where the protection route may require on or more repeaters  , reducing the number of repeaters may be a desirable choice .
For some time  , ntt had duplicated communications lines between the telephone office and certain users by separate routes to enhance the lines 'reliability .
For steady state synchronization  , the reference station monitors bursts received from the opposite area and measures the position of each traffic burst in the TDMA frame .
For subscriber line  , it is suitable to used conduit or tunnel type underground line .
For subscriber line facilities  , paper - insulated stalpeth cable has been used as underground feeder , while plastic insulated local CCP cable has been used for aerial distribution cable .
For subscribers living in a particular area  , only one switching office , called a single office , may be required .
For such communication service  , it is better to set up two or more earth stations , rather than making the antenna bigger , to increase transmission output , as shown in Fig 4.20 .
For such purposes  , the administration must watch users ' needs closely and administer facilities properly .
For sun interference  , unavailability of a few minutes per day for 2 or 3 days should be provided during the Autumnal Equinox .
For SYNTRAN networks  , a 64 - kbps data channel embedded in each SYNTRAN DS3 is dedicated for overhead communications between the ADM 3 / Xs .
For TDMA operation of INTELSAT V system  , all the reference stations have a piece of equipment called a TSM for monitoring the operating condition of the TDMA system .
For telecommunication networks  , quartz optical fibers are presently used because of their good availability for low loss products and good long - time stability in transmission characteristic .
For telephone and TV FEC is used since they require real - time transmission .
For television  , the quality objectives for all long distance TV transmissions ( terrestrial and / or satellite ) are the subject of Recommendation 567 - 1 and 585 .
For terminal replacement possibility or convenience of initialization  , it is desirable to assign fixed value to identical VCI values for some services .
For that reason  , it also approved CMOT as a protocol to be used to shift from SNMP to CMIP .
For the 1 : N APS system  , signals are transmitted on working lines during normal operation .
For the above signals  , stuffing and other necessary overheads are added to basic signal speeds .
For the ADM 3 / x in the add - drop mode  , data and timing from each incoming DS3 signal are passed through the ADM 3 / x and transmitted by the DS3 interface at the other end if , no local DS1 access is required .
For the b  , common amplifier which has high efficiency of power and linear character is now develop and no more demands the common using facility .
For the c  , control the transmitter power of mobile station or cell site to avoid the high level receiving signal since frequency allocation to avoid mutual interference make down the efficiency of frequencies .
For the cascade amplifiers shown in Fig 4.14  , the receiver noise temperature ( TR ) can be expressed as equation 4.7 by setting each amplifier gain to G1 , G2 , G3 … Gk and the input scale noise temperature to T1 , T2 , T3 … Tk .
For the connection route  , the call arrives at the incoming circuit and switched through the outgoing circuit .
For the control function which belongs to the level of large time - scale  , basic effects can be expected and the control function which belongs to the level of small time - scale can take proper actions to spontaneous situations , thus , the activities should be complemented each other .
For the cross switch circuit  , open / close - type cross bar was used .
For the d  , really the traffic is not even over the service area and the center density is higher than the side .
For the data rate of 2400kbps  , each symbol is continuously repeated three times and for 1200 kbps seven times .
For the example shown if &lt; Fig.1.68 ( a ) &gt;  , the 1 : 1 / DP hubbing network requires 12 OLTMs , and the ring shown in &lt; Fig.1 - .65 ( b ) &gt; requires only four ADMs .
For the file on the computer  , each procedure and function will be different depend on the network and system that using it .
For the first tow years of service  , the volume of the mobile equipment required was a bulky 7000 cc , but a 1500 cc mobile unit was introduced in 1981 .
For the group that a intra - office compensates a phase  , after that in received the frame sync signal of electric wave be sent from the intra - office by the RX board ( receiver ) , a phase difference measuring start timing ( PC - REF ) is set in the intra - office at the self - clock timing .
For the indication signal  , a pedestal pulse signal is inserted into the nine scanning lines in the back porch of the vertical blanking period , that is , the 320th through 328th scanning lines of the first field , and the sub - carrier of each is modulated .
For the input back - off mentioned in item b  , the received power for the communication satellite must be set lower when using FDMA circuits .
For the ISDN communication protocol  , D – channel protocol and No.7 signalling system are available .
For the method of conversion  , two methods are now available .
For the modulation method of a reverse link connected from a mobile unit to a base station  , a 64 - ary orthogonal signaling system using the set of Walsh function sequences is untilized .
For the programmable TSA scheme  , the number of service demand ports can be greater than the number of equivalent capacity time slots , and network provisioning system ( e . g , Bellcore 's TIRKS provisioning system ) can remotely control the dynamical use of time slots .
For the propagation of these waves  , earth antenna below l / 4 in height is used because the wave length is long and half wave length antenna resonating to the long wave length is too long to be easily built up .
For the purpose of energy dispersal  , scrambling is applied to all bursts including reference and traffic bursts except the carrier and bit timing recovery frequency and the unique word .
For the purpose of realizing a switching network with a large capacity by means of a digital exchange use of a single time switch does not give sufficient capacity and therefore plural time switches are required .
For the purpose of retrieving service data  , search operation is used over the association previously established .
For the readers 'reference  , the probability density function of a G distribution is given by the expression .
For the signal EV  , however , the phase of the chrominance sub - carrier is inverted by 1800 every line .
For the SM type n particular  , the base - band frequency characteristics is too wide to read from the figure .
For the switching functions out of the network functions  , 64kbps circuit – switched connections , high – speed circuit – switched connections , packet – switched connections , etc , . , are typical functions .
For the timing for reading out reading out data stored in the control store  , that is , the memory addresses in the time switch , the information from the time slot counter assigned to the incoming highway is used .
For the up link from an earth station to the satellite  , the major noise factors are receiver noise and external ( ground surface noise ) , so antenna and feeder system noise can be ignored .
For these latter causes  , the subjective quality is fully acceptable to the majority of viewers even when the designed performance level is as low as about 40dB .
For these reasons  , it is necessary to study consolidating aerial cables into multiple cables and using longer poles to secure necessary height above the ground .
For these type of jobs  , the performance control function can be carried out .
For this  , easy fault locating and easy waterproofing , etc . are required .
For this aim  , the characteristics and requirements of the subscribers should be reviewed to ensure high - quality call services .
For this purpose  , a so called color burst signal is transmitted from the transmitter so that the chrominance sub - carrier regenerated in the receiver can maintain the required frequency and phase .
For this purpose  , it is essential to provide connecting functions within the network as well as multipurpose user – network interfaces .
For this purpose  , the chrominance sub - carrier frequency fs is determined to be an odd multiple of half of the line frequency fh .
For this purpose  , a flexible line network capable of processing traffic efficiently with the minimum call loss ratio must be set up .
For this purpose  , an assignment message is generated at the transmit side and sent to the receive side .
For this purpose  , apd current amplification ratio or the gain of amplification circuit is controlled by negative feedback so as to maintain optical signals received when the output of equalized amplification circuit enters the discrimination circuit .
For this purpose  , ferrule type connectors are currently used .
For this purpose  , frame synchronizing pulses indicating the beginning of frames are inserted in the sent out pulse string , and the receive side determines the opening / closing timing of the demultiplexing gates according to this frame synchronizing pulses ; the connection sequence and timing of the communications are thus made equal at the send and receive sides .
For this purpose  , ISDN ( Integrated Services Digital Network ) capable of integrating various systems into one efficient system is in high demand .
For this purpose  , it is necessary not only to make the antenna gain ( G ) as large as possible , but also to make the overall noise of the receiving system ( T ) as small as possible .
For this purpose  , it is necessary to divide the frequency , time or space of the radio wave necessary for transmitting communication information and to allocate the properly divided frequencies , time slots or space to the individual earth stations .
For this purpose  , it is necessary to replace or modify the communication equipment of the earth station .
For this purpose  , it is necessary to sent and receive control signals such as supervisory signals , address signals , etc … , between the exchanges .
For this purpose  , mode converter is used in matching .
For this purpose  , quantizing interval are reduced in the small amplitude range and increased in the large amplitude range .
For this purpose  , the ATM switching system must have a cell copying function in the ATM switching system .
For this purpose  , the following conditions should be met :
For this purpose  , the forward error correction ( FEC ) is used when necessary , and the automatic repeat request ( ARQ ) ; high level data link control procedure ( HDLC ) are also used .
For this purpose  , the gate circuits are required to operate at high speed .
For this purpose  , the reference station begins the countdown , which is delivered to all the traffic stations through reference bursts .
For this purpose  , the reference station periodically measures burst positions for each traffic station for which an updated Dn is then determined by compensating for any position error detected by the measurement .
For this purpose  , the SOTMF of each traffic station is determined by subtracting the propagation time for that traffic station from the start of a multiframe at the satellite .
For this purpose  , the synchronization controller generates various control signals to control processing of each section in the reminal equipment .
For this purpose  , there are auxiliary wires in the FD distribution system .
For this purpose  , two reference stations are located in each of the east and west zone beam areas .
For this purpose  , two types of control method are available : sequential control and random control .
For this purpose valid and appropriate measures must be taken after comprehensively studying the construction methods  , maintainability , workability , facilities management , and economy of the expansion installation work , in view of the effective use of existing facilities .
For this reason  , a 4 fsc sampling rate was selected .
For this reason  , optical fiber transmission systems have been rapidly introduced in many telecommunication systems .
For this reason  , so - called within the same interleaving is adopted in order to avoid cross talk between the chrominance and luminance signals .
For this reason  , the FV - 4M - A system is employed in a short haul system , such as a subscriber line .
For this reason  , a horn - reflector antenna system commonly used for three frequency bands of 4 GHz ( 36 - 4.2 GHz ) , 5 GHz ( 4.4 - 5.0 GHz ) and 6 GHz ( 5.925 - 6.425 GHz ) has been developed in Japan .
For this reason  , a standing wave in the lateral direction is resulted from such an angle of reflection that the phase of electric - field strength in the lateral angle of reflection varies through an integral multiple of 180 ° in a period in which light travels over a distance of an integral multiple of its half wavelength as shown in Fig . 1.14 ( a ) and ( c ) .
For this reason  , after a few years have passed since line construction , the failure rate of metallic cable tends to increase exponentially with time .
For this reason  , cpp cables must be replaced in facilities that are 17 years old or order ( 14 years old or order for those in seaside districts ) to prevent service degradation and minimize maintenance work with attention paid to the facilities maintenance conditions .
For this reason  , high frequencies are suited for large capacity signal transmission , and relatively high frequencies are used in telecom munication .
For this reason  , light from a source such as and electric lamp that is not spatially coherent ( incoherent ) cannot be used for optical fiber communication .
For this reason  , pec cable is used throughout a single route from an office to a user premises or a lead - up point independent of stalpeth cable .
For this reason  , since ' 1981 NTT has been introducing on a large scale PEC cable that shows outstanding electrical characteristics in both reducing cross talk and improving the degree of circuit balance in high - frequency bands , and connecting methods to minimize intermittent disconnection .
For this reason  , subjective methods are mainly used to evaluate the quality of speech codes for digital mobile radio networks .
For this reason  , the light shows a distribution is propagation speed due to the components of different wavelengths ( the longer the wavelength is , the smaller the refractive index becomes , resulting in higher propagation speed ) .
For this reason  , the relative - demand classification method is established aiming at improving estimation accuracy and estimation work efficiency by reflecting information collected by telephone offices having close relationship with the service areas .
For this reason  , their use for digital transmission may cause trouble due to noise , cross talk and intermittent disconnection .
For this reason  , when the first transmission is made after the establishment of receive synchronism , a special procedure is required not to interfere with other communication currently being carried out .
For this reason the incident light and reflected light interfere with each other at every point in the core .
For this scale  , the peak level including chrominance signal for system D , K / SECAM equals 110 , 7. ( see CCIR . 1982 86a ) .
For this suppose  , data for controlling the gate matrix is written into No . m control store so that gate matrix GIm is opened at the time of time slot Tn .
For today 's asynchronous networks  , the back - to - back TM configuration is used to transport signals from the incoming fiber to the outgoing fiber , and to add - drop signals at the office via a manual or an Electronic Cross - connect System ( DSX ) .
For transmission on Channel 1 of the half transponder television circuit the 6.60 MHz sub - carrier is used  , and for transmission on Channel 2 the 6.65 MHz sub - carrier is used .
For transmitting a binary signal  , the carrier frequency is changed to f0 ( lower frequency ) and f1 ( higher frequency ) .
For ultra short waves or higher frequency waves  , direct waves are used is many cases .
For users  , to utilize an ISDN means to use a teleservice such as telephone , facsimile or data communication .
For vessels operating along the coast of Japan  , there is a public mobile communication system that enables connection to the PSTN .
For vessels that changed position often  , this system enable automatic switching and connection the sane as for a fixed telephone by adopting a method of maintaining a file for location information for each boat at the switching side .
For video transmission in a long - distance system transmission by means of frequency modulation / frequency division multiplexing or pulse code modulation and time division multiplexing .
For water wave as observed  , the displacement direction of each point is perpendicular to the wave propagation direction .
Forecasted traffic = average annual traffic x traffic increase scaling factor .
Form 1 / variant 3 id adopted : Telex answer back codes may be conveyed by terminal ID element .
Formats for unified control of an entire network by a network management system area listed in Table 3. .
Forum on the operation and control of information systems DEC Japan .
Four categories of pan European IN reference architecture have been identified ; i . e ..no IN interworking  , central European IN , distributed date IN interworking and distributed logic IN interworking .
Four demodulation receivers are included in the current design of CDMA mobile units .
Four main goals of ENR are supplementary recruitment of members  , verification and removal of obstacles that hinder the development of ATM , verification and establishment of key ATM technology standard and unification of compound industry through function requirements and profile analysis .
Four of the PDUs ( all except the Trap PDU ) have a common frame configuration .
Four services  , Freephone , VPN , Premium Rate and Card Calling , are listed as the target .
Four types of VCI value assignment in UNI are applicable ; assignment by network  , assignmentby user , agreement between user and network and standard method .
Four year later  , kapron was able to manufacture glass fibers with a transmission loss of about 20dB / km .
Fourth  , since the main raw materials of optical fibers are sand or plastics that are much cheaper than copper , they are more economical than shielded coaxial cable .
FPLMTS will apply the concept of Intelligent Network ( IN ) .
Frame synchronization : in a time division multiplex communication system  , since a plural number of communications use one communication path in turn , the communicating terminals are connected to the path at the same time at the send and receive terminal stations .
Frame synchronization is intended to maintain synchronization frame by frame  , and as a result the beginnings of every PCM frame on the transmit and receive sides can be made to coincide with each other .
Frame synchronization is intended to synchronize operations on both the transmit and receive sides by maintaining frame by frame synchronization  , which corresponds to aligning the contact positions of the rotary switches .
Frames are transmitted at a rate of 9600  , 4800 , 2400 , or 1200bps .
France Telecom has been providing the following services based on the IN ( pre - CS - 1 ) platform from Alcatel and Digital Equipment Corporation ( DEC ) .
Free change of impedance transforming rate is possible by changing the number of baraliel conducting wires and the ratio of thickness .
Free refer to an ideal space that is constant and without reflection  , refraction , diffraction , scattering , etc .
Frequencies of 10 GHz or higher  , which allow comparatively large - capacity communications and the avoidance of interference with terrestrial microwave circuits , are increasingly being used in Japan .
Frequencies utilized are international the HF ( 2 - 22 MHz ) and VHF ( 118 - 138 MHz ) bands .
Frequency allocation is performed in each ITU region according to Radio Regulations .
Frequency diversity uses the fading fluctuation by frequency change .
Frequency diversity uses the fading fluctuation by frequency change .
Frequency division is that any mobile can use a line which is made like this .
Frequency division multiple access is t hat many users can use assigned their frequency band without folded by dividing the frequency spectrum in many section .
Frequency division multiplexing is that the signal  , which has to be sent several user from a transmitter , is transmitted by dividing the frequency bands , and the receiver selects the information of its frequency band .
Frequency division refers to the process of dividing cellular spectrum available into channels having the frequency bandwidth of nominal 1.25MHz for use .
Frequency interleaving  , which reduces the interference of the sub - carriers on the monochrome receiver , can not be applied in this case because of frequency modulation .
Frequency modulation ( FM ) shown in fig 5.3 is used for anslog signals  , and phase modulation ( PSK ) is used shown in fig 5.4 for digital signals .
Frequency modulation and phase modulation are sometimes collectively called angle modulation .
Frequency planning is related with the number of channels  , channel bandwidth and separation band and so on .
Frequency shift keying changes the frequency of the carrier according to the signal to be transmitted .
From a performance point for view  , the FV - 4M - P system can be employed for long haul transmission .
From a service processing requirements perspective  , the Ain Release 1 functional architecture is aligned with the IN CS - 1 functional architecture .
From a system - wide perspective  , the voice - operated transmission ( VOX ) and echo canceling technologies should be tightly integrated with the speech coding to achieve optimum quality speech transmission .
From equation ( 5.21 ) of Reference No . 8  , the minimum [ C / T ] which is required for the signal transmission below the noise level recommended by the CCIR can be determined .
From frequency output from the local oscillator ( LO )  , the phase shifter ( PS ) generates two mutually orthogonal local oscillator signals by means by means of a differentiation , integrator and outputs these signals .
From now  , it is needed to replace stalpeth cables with PEC cables and aggressively apply the FD distribution system to subscriber line networks to improve the usage factor of cable wires and to build line networks adaptable to digital services .
From that time  , related technology has advanced rather drastically .
From the gradient  , or linear component , and parabolic component of the differential characteristics , the signal to non - linear distortion noise ratio can be obtained .
From the later part of the eighteenth century to the nineteenth century  , innovative electrical communications and broadcasting technology were developed and started to be utilized extensively .
From the SOTMF  , the SOTF is determined with a period of 2msec .
From the standpoint of carrier multiplexing in a satellite transponder  , multiple access can be classified into the following three types as follow :
From the standpoint of compatibility with black - and - white television  , for example , the NTSC system is the best , the PAL system comes second and the SECAM system third .
From the standpoints of stability and reliability and for design and production ease  , a digital filter scheme to select a particular sampling rate , which is associated with fsc in a simple relative from such as 4fsc , 3fsc or 12 / 5 fsc .
From the time of picking up the handset by the subscriber to the dial tone transmission .
From the view of enhancing the infrastructure  , the in network interface was examined first .
From this equation  , [ C / N ] at the operating point is obtained .
From this figure  , it can be understood that in the range between approximately 1GHz and 10GHz the combined attenuation due to the ionosphere and rainfall is negligibly small .
From this PCM code  , luminance and chrominance signal components are separated .
FTAM handles all files in virtual form  , it is up to each system to make its virtual and actual files compatible .
FTAM provides standard filing services  , such as opening , closing , read from and writing to files , to work programs for application processing using services provided by lower layers .
Fully synchronous interface is a method which makes the terrestrial digital network synchronous with the TDMA system .
Function failure in channel assignment causes serious trouble such as misconnection or disconnection .
Function for deployment / provision of IN based services and support of ongoing operation via different SCF and SDF instances .
Function of ATM adaptation layer depends on high level service type .
Function that contains customer and network data for real time access by SCF in the execution of an IN based service .
Function that controls service processing by interaction with other FEs to access basic call process  , service data and user .
Function to defined  , develop and test services ( service Logic , service management logic , service data template and service trigger information ) .
Function to provide interface between service managers and SMF to allow service managers manage their services .
Functional Entity Relationships are the lines between functional entities in the functional model of Fig 2 - 4 .
Functionally upgrading interfaces between feeder cable networks and distribution cable networks .
Functions for interaction between CCF and SCF to detect service control triggers and affect call  , connection processing functions of CCF .
Functions for the network management system can be classified as on - line control functions  , which transmit network information , such as that for display of alarms for Component equipment and supervision of traffic status , in addition to providing various control functions , and off - line management functions , such as analysis of fault data and traffic data , which do not require real - time performance .
Functions of layers above layer 4 are intended for communication with the terminal of the other party and are called communication functions .
Functions to provide users access to the IN call control capabilities of CCF  , based on service requests for set - up and release of a call .
Functions to recover from failure must be provided .
Further  , radio waves in the Ku band of 11 to 14GHz are subject to attenuation by rain but have come to be used very frequently due to the recent shortage in frequency bands .
Further  , two kinds of interference noises due to frequency re - use by means of beam isolation and dual polarization have no correlation with each other .
Further activities of IN standardization may take place in TTC when clear needs are identified  , in such areas as VPN and personal telecommunications .
Further advantages of optical fibers include its non - inductive characteristics which eliminate needs for the separation of communication cables from facilities causing Electro - magnetic induction  , and secure safety for workers as well as stable communication quality .
Further breakdown of these objectives is determined by each earth station depending on the configuration of its facilities .
Further more  , services offered at that time were mainly voice and accordingly , lenient rules were applied on bit error rates ( 10 - 4 ) .
Further optional functions include musical paging  , time display ( both current time and the time message are received ) , alarm , auto On / Off ( a pager 's power is turned on and off automatically ) and Call Holding .
Further study is required to define maximum variation rate of line frequency valid for colour transmission .
Further study seems to be needed in this aspect .
Further to this  , the SM - type and GI - type optical fibers are inevitably different in coupling loss , because of their difference in core diameter .
Furthermore  , in order to update the service data , ModifyEntry ( change of service data attributes ) , AddEntry ( addition of new entry ) , and RemoveEntry ( removal of the existing entry ) operations are applied dependent on the intended actions .
Furthermore  , a semi - conductor laser capable of carrying out continuous oscillation at the operating temperature was manufactured in the 1970s : its life spend was expected to be more than hundred years .
Furthermore  , a semi - conductor laser capable of carrying out continuous oscillation at the operating temperature was manufactured in the 1970s ; its life span was expected to be more than hundred years .
Furthermore  , all interoffice trunks and internal links of a switching carry TDM signals exclusively .
Furthermore  , an optical / hybrid fiber / and wireless combined method that can set up an interworking strategy with the PNC ( Personal Communication Network ) whose functions are almost the same as the optical / hybrid fiber combined network that can uses control channels as wireless network has been proposed .
Furthermore  , an optical / hybrid fiber / and wireless combined method that can set up an interworking strategy with the PNC ( Personal Communication Network ) whose functions are almost the same as the optical / hybrid fiber combined network that can uses control channels as wireless network has been proposed .
Furthermore  , assuming an echo cancel is used in the system , they can also accommodate a certain amount of delay .
Furthermore  , based on ISDN concepts , its interface standard and protocol should be set up adequately .
Furthermore  , exchange office are connected to each other through a network of cables or wires over which toll calls or telegraph message pass .
Furthermore  , if , no energy is resent in the higher harmonics with even number degree e of .
Furthermore  , in the past , capacity increase in fixed distribution areas subject to relief in unit zones used in circuit connection for individual subscribers .
Furthermore  , it designated UNI as 150 Mbps class and 600 Mbps class .
Furthermore  , it is evaluated to be more efficient and practical than the active network since its installation coast is lower .
Furthermore  , it used to be thought that a signal would result in a completely different stochastic signal sequence , making CELP highly susceptible .
Furthermore  , natural disasters damage 0.05 % of all underground facilities , and 0.16 % of all aerial facilities , showing that underground cable is highly resistant to natural disasters such as typhoons , torrential rains , and lightning .
Furthermore  , since a construction costs are high , subscriber line facilities , among all the line facilities , must be designed rationally in consideration of investment efficiency .
Furthermore  , since the frequency spectrum of the PCM system was so widely dispersed , the transmission capacity was considerably smaller than that of the FDM - FM system .
Furthermore  , software and microprocessor technology successfully developed has made high speed control possible as well as high speed operation and switching .
Furthermore  , the aerial lines suffer problems of separation from power lines and difficulties in maintaining a proper amount of sales .
Furthermore  , the Costas loop can be used for the demodulation of QPSK signal .
Furthermore  , the frequency band between the two is allocated to other purposes .
Furthermore  , the impulse response , g ( t ) , of the filter having the cosine Roll - off characteristics can be represented by Fourier 's inverse transformation as :
Furthermore  , the mapping for other 6.702 signals was allowed as well .
Furthermore  , the probability , of pulse signal Voltage O being misjudged as A is equal to the probability of noise voltage becoming higher than A / 2 :
Furthermore  , the Pulse Code Modulation ( PCM ) utilized in the transmission systems has been applied to the switching systems to realize digital switching .
Furthermore  , the rate of ISDN service is expected to be several times faster than this rate .
Furthermore  , there may also be a great deal of research into variable - rate algorithms that respond to the traffic density , the condition of the wireless channel , the presence or absence of speech , and the type of speech by varying the bit rate accordingly .
Furthermore  , these features enable construction of broad band transmission lines among desired points promptly , economically and with comparative ease .
Furthermore  , they do not experience signal leakage and can be easily extended whenever necessary , can be manufactured cheaply .
Future conditions and the degree of future development in the area are evaluated on an overall basis for area grouping .
Future conditions and the future degree of development in the area are estimated based on the survey described in item A to decide a policy for grouping fixed distribution areas ( temporary grouping ) .
Future demand for services like this  , directed at high - end users , for the - reception , notification and processing of messages and data in extends - text format , will be strong .
Future developments will result in the standardization of system protocols used by paging equipment manufacturers .
Future digital networks will be synchronized at all speeds .
Future network are expected to be more complex as traffic size and service requirements and number increase .
Future Public Land Mobile Telecommunication systems ( FPLMTS ) are third generation mobile systems which are scheduled to start service around the year 2000 ( standardization finalized by year 1977 ) .
Future research on laser diodes will bring light more completely coherent in the time domain  , and then the communication technology using the phase variation of light , instead of the presently used intensity variation , will be realized .
G.747 has recommended the interface between 2.048 and 6.312 Mbps and G.755 has recommended the hybrid multiplexing characteristics for the interface between 44.766 and 139.264 Mbps .
G3 - type facsimile DSCC have the ARQ feature in the radio link .
Ga : Antenna gain seen from HPA output terminal ( dB ) .
GaAs - FET ( file effect transistor using a compound semiconductor of gallium and arsenic ) amplifiers are widely used in the high - frequency region  , while making use of the characteristics of wide bandwidth , high gain and high reliability .
Gate matrices which open / close for every time slot are arranged at the cross points of the time individual highways .
Gate switch G12 is thus closed  , and the data of subscriber A is transferred to highway 22 .
Gauge is an attribute class and provides one attribute value .
Gauge is attribute information that has a dynamic value  , such as the number of connections established at a certain point by the man / machine protocol .
GDMI introduces virtual entities  , connections , and systems as abstracted managed objects .
General because the electric power difference of input and output through antenna is more than 100dB  , it is difficult to divide the signals .
General explanation about the ABR and the UBR services are as follows .
General Flow Control ( GFC ) function controls access and information flow in UNI .
General functions provided by the network management system include :
General manner is by monitoring the signal quality begins to drop under the specified level  , the present cell site sends alarm signal to the switching station , then switching station requests to measure the signal quality of that channel to the near base station in order to determine which zone handle the call , and then the optimum zone is chosen by the result .
Generally  , the correlating between peels decays exponentially with distance , and the greatest part of the linear redundancy can be removed by using both / either the horizontally adjacent and the vertically adjacent elements .
Generally  , a press - to - talk communication system is used , the same as for business - use radio .
Generally  , ac is applied onto the amplifier of the receiving part and accordingly , the DC level of the electrical signal waveform of amplifier output is changed in accordance with mark ratio .
Generally  , additional information can be provided in the variable list in the Trap PDU .
Generally  , although values of 30 dB or more are obtained , it is highly important to improve the characteristics for the circuit design .
Generally  , an Earth station comprises a communication facility , a terrestrial transmission facility , a power supply facility and a control building .
Generally  , as the frequency increases , the transmission line gain tends to decrease .
Generally  , attenuation constant increases together with the increase of Rand G and there is the minimum point of attenuation amount for the change of L and C .
Generally  , bidirectional signals must be sent at the same time in electrical communication .
Generally  , binary codes used for coding are natural binary codes , gray codes ( reflected binary codes ) , and folded binary codes .
Generally  , communications refers to a process of transferring information from the provider to the user .
Generally  , congestion state may occur due to unexpectable statistical cell rate variance for traffic flow or network fault .
Generally  , digital signal are sent through the path , regenerator section , multiplexer section and physical media as illustrated .
Generally  , electrical signals sent from telephone , data or facsimile terminals are converted into optical signals with an electrical - to - optical converter ( electrical signal levels are converted into light intensity , and the electrical signals , 1 and 0 , are converted into ON and OFF of light ) , and then are sent into an optical fiber cable .
Generally  , for the test in and test out functions , a relay is used .
Generally  , frequencies between 10 kHz – 300 GHz are used .
Generally  , higher frequencies are used for uplinks and lower frequencies for downlinks .
Generally  , if the number of incoming ray is N , electric field intensity E can be determined from the following equation .
Generally  , in the case of the low - level hierarchy of the telephone network , the local concentrator are only installed in the switching offices equipped with the switching systems .
Generally  , interference at – and down - links is independent from each other .
Generally  , interference occurs when external interfering components are mixed with the desired wave .
Generally  , noise is generated everywhere in the equipment , but the input scale values apply only to noise generated at each input section in the equipment .
Generally  , ntt uses no more than two different gauge combinations .
Generally  , on the boundary surface between core and clad , minute fluctuations or unevenness exist .
Generally  , one subscriber can have several logic channel numbers even if one line is connected physically to the packet network .
Generally  , performance data and traffic data are collected as data .
Generally  , the absorption loss is divided into two , one is proper to glass material , and the other due to impurities contained in the glass .
Generally  , the basic objective of communication can be regarded as the process of sending and receiving necessary information through various types of communications medium available .
Generally  , the coding rate of DS should be faster than the frequency hopping rate .
Generally  , the connection is carried out in four levels as illustrated in 2.1 .
Generally  , the digital control circuit is realized with the logic operations such as AND , OR , and NOT , and the combination of the memory operation that determines the next state after storing past record .
Generally  , the digital transmission system is made up of a encoding device , multiplexing device , end office repeater device , regenerator , monitor and control device .
Generally  , the duty cycle of each voice signal in the duplex two way communication is only about 35 % .
Generally  , the facilities on the earth for satellite communication are called earth station facilities , and consists of communication , connecting line , and station facilities .
Generally  , the fault management procedure is carried out in four steps .
Generally  , the following conditions must be met for the proper operation of the electronic switching system employing a stored program control method .
Generally  , the following relationship exists between the frequency characteristics T ( w ) , of the delay time and the frequency characteristics of the phase :
Generally  , the line networks can be set up as illustrated in Fig.2.1 .
Generally  , the magnitudes of dispersion discussed so far are in the following relationship :
Generally  , the modulator output frequency is much lower than the transmit frequency so it is converted to the transmit frequency by a frequency converter .
Generally  , the properties of a managed object are determined by its role / function / protocol .
Generally  , the reason for fiber breakage is that flaws re randomly distributed all along the length of optical fibers .
Generally  , the sampling refers to a process of converting continuous signals into the discrete signals of time field called PAM .
Generally  , the threshold in the FM demodulator appears at the C / N level of about 10dB .
Generally  , the time function , f ( t ) having period T can be represented by the Fourier series shown in equation ( 1 ) . Where w = 2p / T .
Generally  , there are three types of PSK modulation techniques : when M = 2 , BPSK , when M = 4 , QPSK , and when M = 8 , 8Ф - PSK .
Generally  , they are transmitted through the repetition of 01111111 .
Generally  , they correspond to the digits of the number of terminating subscriber .
Generally  , two orthogonal elements of QPSK generator are called an I ( in phase ) and Q ( quadrature - phase ) channel .
Generally  , W / R of the above equation is called system process gain .
Generally  , when transmitting the voice is in a good state if BER is less 10 - 5 and allow up to 10 - 4 but having a warning alarm and service is interrupted if BER is 10 - 3 .
Generally 2 or 3 antennas are installed separately and synthesize or divert the signals to use after receiving them separately .
Generally digital communication system delivers communication information .
Generally DM is economic than PCM in facilities  , but it needs more transmission ban width .
Generated by group I forward directed signals or Group II forward directed signals for special case .
Geometric optics  , formulated by the Greek , studies the propagation paths of light .
Get - Request and Get - Next - Request are used by the Manager to ask an Agent for retrieval of an object value .
GF to Distributed Functional ( DF ) Plane : Capabilities to realize each SIB identified in the GF plane must be present in at least one FE in the DF plane .
GFC section in ATM cell header is used to control media interface .
Give your attention to item 1.1 of CCIR Recommendation 353 - 3 .
Given a target description of a BCSM using these components  , different subsets of PICs , DPs , transitions can be identified to align with specific capability sets as they are defined .
Giving consideration to signal reliability and channel separation  , the frequency deviation is + - 2.5kHz for 200bps transmission ( tone only ) and 2.25kHz for 400bps transmission ( message ) .
Global Functional Plane modeling  , sib characteristics and Basis Call Process .
Gold  , Kasami , and Bent sequence with the period of 2m - 1 has the mutual correlation value of peak that is too small and suitable for DS - code division multiple access .
Good polarization characteristics are required in order to achieve an efficient use of frequencies by multiplexing horizontally and vertically polarized waves in orthogonal polarization if right - hand and left - hand polarized waves in circular polarization .
Gp = Available frequency selection count = N ( 2 - 3 ) .
Grade A service is a connection type and balance bit rate ATM transfer service  , that requests the end - to - end timing strict cell loss , cell delay , and cell delay change performance .
Group I signals primary represent the numbers of terminating subscribers .
Group II signals represent the categories of the calling parties .
GTE  , for example , is implementing the SSP functionality in its own GTD - 5 switches .
Guidelines on how to apply the CS - 1 Recommendations to real implementations .
Guidelines to determine areas where underground distribution must be promoted are given below .
H : Hybrid circuitry for converting 2 - wire subscriber lines to 4 - wire lines .
H2 channel is a channel with a speed ranging from 30 Mbps and 45 Mbps  , that can be used for transmitting general broadcasting TV .
H4 channel has a capacity of about 135 Mbps . It is expected to be use for the transmission of high - resolution TV ( HDTV ) in the near future .
Half wave length antenna and one wave length antenna are primarily used . ( refer Fig.2.8 ) .
Hand over control is necessary to keep the communication continuous as the mobile station moves from cell to cell .
Hardware  , including computers , peripheral equipment and terminals , software and operation .
Hardware implementation of speech CODEC is also essential to realize a high - quality  , low - cost system including mobile radio units and base stations .
Having a narrow bandwidth  , the filter can remove noises generated from other places than the spectrum of the timing signal .
Having only conceptual outlines corresponding to the existing digital hierarchy concerning the H2  , H3 , H4 channels , it began to discuss the standard of broadband channel , based on them .
Having two reference stations in each beam area assures high reliability in the TDMA system .
He added that light entering different medium experiences reflection and refraction since the speed of its particles changes due to special force being extorted onto the boundary plane .
He same cable unit is allocated to fixed distribution areas in extremely different directions .
He theorized that light is propagated at a speed of c ( light speed ) in vacuum state .
Heavy rainfall gives attenuation to radio waves from a satellite to an earth station especially to the millimeter wave as explained before .
HEC is CRC ( Cyclic Redundancy Check ) byte for cell header area .
Helium - Gas cooling ( cooling down to about - 250ºC in a vessel where helium gas just before liquefaction is circulating ) .
Hence  , a digital transmission system readily provides a trade - of between transmission quality and bandwidth . ( A similar trade - off exists for frequency modulated analog signals ) .
Hence  , analog TDM is not feasible except for noiseless , distortion - free environments .
Hence  , noise and distortion is sometimes determined by measuring the energy level in an unused message slot or at the edge of the signal pass band .
Hence  , Roll ( w ) is also called the cosine roll - off characteristic .
Hence  , the representation of the periodic gate function shown in Fig . 2.2 by the Fourier series is given as :
Hence it is the absolute noise level of an idle channel that determines analog speech quality .
Here  , signal means data for controlling the network .
Here  , control data of a certain layer forms a part of the data of the layer immediately before it .
Here  , the two independent signal EI and EQ amplitude modulate two sub - carriers , which have an identical frequency and which are 900 out of phase from each other , by so - called quadrature amplitude modulation .
Here  , [ D / U ] implies the ratio of the interfering and interfered - with carrier levels at the receiver input of the system of interest .
Here  , a both - way circuit is used as the incoming circuit .
Here  , a case that uses four types of fading paths ( two Rayleigh fadings and two Rician fadings ) and has 10 miles / hour and 100 miles / hour as the speed of moving vehicle is described .
Here  , atm users means an optional system to use ATM network such as ATM routers or ATM private exchanges .
Here  , C / T is used instead of C / No , bch for Af of equation ( 5.19 ) , and fr implies the test tone frequency deviation in root mean square , or r . m . s .
Here  , c refers to receive signal power sent by a mobile unit to a base station and it is indicated as R . Eb . R is a transmit bit rate and Eb is signal energy per bit .
Here  , d ( t ) represents data and has the value of ± 1 .
Here  , folded antenna and loop antenna of special importance are to be explained .
Here  , if a call is generated , an available high usage route is searched first .
Here  , indicates the efficiency ; the greater it is , the higher is the gain obtained with an antenna of the same size .
Here  , is a coefficient representing the degree of inclination of the band limitation called the roll - off coefficient .
Here  , it is specified that the interference noise power caused by the aggregate of the transmitters of radio relay stations should not exceed 1 , 000 pWOp one - minute mean power for more than 20 % of any month , namely 144 hours of any month .
Here  , it should be noticed that gain of a TWT is slightly decreased when multiple carriers are amplified at the same time .
Here  , j indicates interference power equal to or larger than signaling power and N indicates available frequency count in the system .
Here  , N = 1 means that only the zeroth order propagation mode can exist .
Here  , please note that the time slots of the vertical and horizontal axis are respectively generated at the same time and accordingly , on the array , the time slot conversion is not carried out .
Here  , quadrature ingredient is expressed in the form of u ( t ) plus ub ( t ) , u ( t ) is the Hilber conversion of u ( t ) .
Here  , rf carrier is assumed to be modulated prior to code modulation to simplify modulation and demodulation procedure .
Here  , since the baseband signal , S ( t ) , is a bipolar NRZ pulse taking the two values as shown in Fig.3.4. The modulated waveform becomes the same as the phase turned – over ASK .
Here  , the abscissa indicates frequency , fA , fB , fc and fD are carrier frequencies assigned to earth stations A , B , c and D , respectively .
Here  , the effective power radiated from the base station is set to PtGt = 1 ( Weirp ) , and the change in electric field intensity , Eo ( mV / m ) , for the distance between the base and mobile stations ( d ) at a frequency of f = 900 MHz ( wavelength l = 33cm ) in dB , with a normal value of 1 mV / m .
Here  , the maximum acceptance angle is an acceptance angle , tmax , is an acceptance which results in the critical angle of incidence for light ray shown in Fig.1.10 .
Here  , the noise source of a receiving system used in satellite communications is shown .
Here  , the one - shot means that after the state transfer terminated to the final state A11 , the state machine will remain at that state .
Here  , the power levels of all the transmit signals are being controlled and are received as power call C by the receiver .
Here  , the power spectrum is 0 ( zero ) if the frequency is multiple of .
Here  , the space crossbar is similar to the array using the relay contact point except that is requires a high - seed operated logic gate .
Here  , the time for the light to travel over the distance BC is equal to travel over the distance B ' C ' .
Here  , tr indicates delivery time from FH transmitter to the intended transmitter via interference measuring device and Td indicates time delay according to direct path and their relationship is shown in Figure 2 - 8 .
Here are a Central Base Station  , 5 Satellite Base Station ( Satellite Base Station - E is a Phase Separate Station ) and a Phase Supervisory Control Station .
Here as shown in ( Fig.2.38 )  , it can be avoided by introducing guard time .
Here if the PN system is intrinsic random number it may be good .
Here if we arrange the above equation with frequency f ( GHz )  , we obtain the following from the relationship C = fλ :
Here in order to understand easily the coding process of diffusion spectrum between the transmitting and receiving of CDMA system  , it is shown in &lt; Fig .2.40 &gt; .
Here Television in the television video system is replaced by sound program and ITC is replaced by ISPC  , that is , international sound program center .
Here the using method of Walsh functions is different from that of the forward link .
Here we apply a layered network model to mobile networks that closely parallels the layered protocol structure that is applied to the intelligent Network .
Here we can see  , if it is TOP channel , 4 dB gain can be obtained .
Here we have an example of allocation of 500pWOp to the group delay .
Here when it passes the filter  , ( g ) , ( h ) , ( I ) , ( j ) , become band diffusion within 1.25MHz .
Hereafter  , since the configuration method of the service protection network of SDH and SONET is similar , the explanation will be centered on SONET .
Hereafter  , the decibel expression will always be expressed by symbols put in the square brackets .
Hertz : German physicist . He proved the existence of electromagnetic wave  , and the unit of frequency was named after him .
Heterodyne equipment also can be used in non - regenerative IF repeater stations .
Heterodyne technology which is a frequency conversion technology that is required for phase modulation has not been fully developed yet .
HF radio systems which were main role of the tele communications a few years ago have been substituted by satellite communication systems and submarine optical fiber cable .
HFC is a regarded as an ideal alternative in that it provides economically the existing analog CATV service  , some exchanging type video service and two way video data communication .
High frequency efficiency based on multichannel access technique .
High sampling rate A / D converts composed of discrete components are very expensive  , because of the complicated assembly process and difficult alignment , which is an obstacle to making codecs more economical .
High speed data communication network  , media integrated ATM - LAN and image communication network , which are currently new systems using ATM features , are being commercialized successfully .
High transmission efficiency : Both nodes exclusively posses the channel  , so there is no waiting or delay .
Highly reliable and stable digital communications system can be realized .
How is light injected into the core whose diameter is several µm to several tens of µm ?
How much hardware required for the SCM can be reduced by this ?
How much is the installation cost per subscriber at that time ?
How the agent manages and object is determined by the object 's MIB .
How the LAN forms transmission lines links between all of the terminals connected to be called the network topology  , transmission medium , transmission system and access system .
How the LAN forms transmission lines links between all of the terminals connected to be called the network topology .
However  , a more economical system was needed to promote the practical use of video conferencing services .
However  , advancement in digital technology makes it possible to constitute a high quality and economical television transmission circuit for the following reasons .
However  , AIN 0.1 goes beyond IN CS - 1 by also addressing service management and network management requirements in support of AIN 0.1 service .
However  , as time goes by , the contents of this text would need to be changed and some of them nay become obsolete .
However  , aspects of the BCSM that are reflected upward to SSF are visible to the IN service logic .
However  , by using interleaving , the brightness of the dots is interchanged in very field .
However  , CS - 1 provides a foundation for meeting these characteristics in future capability sets .
However  , detailed communication environment such as delivery methods , kinds of terminals deliverable depends on the service of those mail systems .
However  , different instances of a FE can be mapped to physical entities .
However  , frequency synchronization between fs and fsc is required to use digital signal processing for color separation .
However  , in order to use the common frequency bands of 4 GHz and 6 GHz for both terrestrial radio relay and satellite communication and to prevent interference between the terrestrial radio relay and satellite communications systems , as shown in figure 1.6 .
However  , in the age of FPLMTS ( Future Public Land Mobile Telecommunications System ) this capability may be required for paging control and hand - over control for very flexible control of communication paths .
However  , in the latter case speech paths are also established to SSCP and the efficiency of circuit usage may not be very good .
However  , interaction between the originating side and the terminating side of one call at the call control level is required as the matter of course .
However  , it is necessary to separate luminance and chrominance signal components from the composite signal .
However  , it is now virtually impossible to develop a single chip codec from the circuit scale viewpoint .
However  , it was still complex and issues such as performance problem with excessive signalling traffic hindered it to be supported .
However  , most of them are not always following the standards with at least some portions being proprietary .
However  , requirements on services processing for mobile communications could be different form those for fixed networks .
However  , specifications for service creation are still to be defined .
However  , the high efficiency codec , such as DPCM used with the F - 400M system is mainly used for the medium haul circuit which required long repeater spacing .
However  , the INCM itself is not an architecture .
However  , the system may not have enough expandability with restricting such as a limited number of circuits being able to be accommodated .
However  , the two systems differ in the color burst phase and in the method of determining the chrominance sub - carrier .
However  , there seems to be no standard approach yet established .
However  , these network architectures have not interchangeability between them , and different types of computers cannot be connected to each other .
However  , these PAL systems user different radio - frequency channel bandwidths : 7MHz in system G and 8 MHz in system I .
However  , this is rather an optimistic view .
However  , with the diversification of complex services , it is not efficient in terms of both cost and time that each operator studies how to realize each service and designs the system for that .
However  , a DSI sub - burst contains at most 127 satellite channels since one satellite channel is used for channel assignment .
However  , a klystron ( KLY ) has a relatively narrow bandwidth of amplification , the amplification frequency is a adjustable to any value within the frequency range allocated for transmission ; between five and ten channels are usually selectable with a tuner .
However  , a large number of digital circuits can be squeezed in to a small area and with advances in the LSI technology the radio unit will become more compact and more economical .
However  , a Satellite Base Station covers only one service area of a prefecture unit .
However  , a single radio zone could not encompass such a vast area - transmission would require too much electrical power .
However  , a variety of techniques have been devised for reducing the computational load , and it has now become the mainstream technology for low - bit - rate speech coding .
However  , advancements in IC and LSI design have made possible the digital transmission control signals and the stored program control ( SPC ) technology , which is effective for improving control functions .
However  , an extremely high demand - meeting factor requires an enormous amount of facilities since demand - forecast errors take on the profile of a G distribution , tapering off to the right of the mean value .
However  , an extremely stable clock with high accuracy is employed so that frame slip occurs only once in 70 days or so .
However  , approaches such as vector quantization have resulted in error robustness that is actually better than that of ADPCM .
However  , as electronic circuits such as ICs or LSIs become more integrated , they are expected to be in high demand in the near future .
However  , as in the case of shared memory system , the size of its elements used to overcome the limit of memory speed can not become larger .
However  , as in the case of VC - 4 , VC - 3 , tu becomes AU ( Administrative unit ) if the signal is directly mapped into STM - 1 without going through the other VC .
However  , as show in figure , information can be transferred between terminals in each section individually , or broadcast to multiple terminals to speed up delivery of that information through the high - speed LAN network .
However  , as the receiver power of the satellite communication system is quite low , the relative interference from the ground microwave route is quite high .
However  , as the related Recommendation G.781 - 784 and G.956 - 958 that were based on synchronous digital hierarchy were standardized in addition during two years research period thereafter , the synchronous multiplexing system was simplified as the structure of figure .
However  , as the requirement grows for more versatile services , the program is becoming larger in scale .
However  , at present , with the loss reduction technique highly advanced , the hydroxyl ion ( OH ¯ ) is predominant .
However  , because installation difficulties forced modification of the plan to shift to OSI Management CMIS / CMIP , iab announced in August 1990 that SNMP would be the standard protocol , for now .
However  , because the modulated pulse wave has direct current element considerably , it is difficult to transmit directly .
However  , because the use of TCP / IP has become widespread standardization of OSI management is not going smoothly .
However  , both of these cables failed frequently due to water penetration .
However  , by the 1970 's , the system was inadequate due to advances in motorization .
However  , cable - wire diameters must now be determined with attention paid to every detail since demand is leveling off and demand fluctuation is decreasing .
However  , carrier which has no information can be removed .
However  , clock errors generated by the switching system were not serious problem because of the utilization of the pulse stuffing method .
However  , digital route should be selected in order to secure shortest distance and max efficiency .
However  , digital transmission has defects as follows the occupied frequency band has been increased due to the digitalization of signal , it needs A / D , D / A conversion and synchronization between the sending and receiving , a conversion device is became to needed in order to networking FDM system and TDM system because digital system has no compatibility with existed system .
However  , due to the above reasons , terminals run in different speeds and usage codes can communicate with each other to provide more services , expandability , and high transmission quality .
However  , due to the slow operation speed , the wearing out of contact points , and changes in the contact items cause by mechanical vibration , they are seldom used today .
However  , effective frequency utilization is required in mobile radio , so low - bit - rate speech coding of less than 13kbit / sec is needed .
However  , electromagnetic waves are emitted at frequency that are lower than those of light or infrared radiation .
However  , equation 4.7 is used primarily to find the noise temperature of an earth station used in the down link form a communication satellite .
However  , errors are naturally involved in such demand estimation due to uncertain factors in long - term demand forecasts .
However  , even if the transmission distance is within the normal line - of - sigh distance .
However  , even this type of method can not remove Rayleigh fading because it does not affect the phase relationship causing Rayleigh fading since frequencies currently allocated between the base station and mobile unit of the US Cellular System or between the mobile unit and base unit have the difference of 45MHz .
However  , even though the transmission line is confirmed to be unused , if two or more nodes begin transmission at almost the same time , collision of signals will be generated in the transmission line because of the propagation delay time of signals .
However  , every time division switching network requires a sending path and receiving path on each circuit as in the case of the conventional space switching network .
However  , external and internal noise does have to be considered .
However  , fluctuation within the narrow range of several dozen of 1 is quite small .
However  , for cable facilities , the interruption must also affect more than 3000 circuits .
However  , for connection of different types of systems , correspondence is by OSI .
However  , for ordinary subscriber lines , the use of two or more routes is not common except for special users only .
However  , ftth is yet to be set up because there is no standard interface that supports the existing or future services including digital CATV and VDT technology barrier for setting up dedicated optical fibers to each residency , a great amount of investment required , and uncertain level of expected demand , and the high prices of optical / electrical conversion elements .
However  , ftth is yet to be set up because there is no standard interface that supports the existing or future services including digital CATV and VDT technology barriers for setting up dedicated optical fibers to each residency , a great amount of investment required , and uncertain level of expected demand , and the high prices of optical / electrical conversion elements .
However  , if a frequency , higher than 10GHz is used , rainfall attenuation can be the most important factor determining circuit quality .
However  , if it appears more favorable , from an economical viewpoint , to install a new conduit and cable along the same route , this new installation is recommended under such circumstances , consider , use of local PEC cable with 0.32mm Diameter or more wherever practicable if that section lies within 1 km of the exchange .
However  , if it is under the soft handoff , the signal is sent to proper number of base stations to be transferred to the mobile unit .
However  , if multiple terminals initiate transmission requests at the same time , a crash occurs , so resending of the requests is required .
However  , if NA is too great , the dispersion between optical fibers and connection loss become greater .
However  , if the characteristics of SNMP itself are understood , it can be used very effectively .
However  , if the input C / N becomes smaller than a certain limit or the threshold , the one - to - one correspondence in the dB expression in the input and output relationship of the demodulator disappears and the output S / N decreases much more as compared with the decrease of input C / N .
However  , if the number of pairs is determined regardless of demand variation due to small differences between equal density areas , frequency additional installations or surplus facilities may result .
However  , if the other party 's session entity rejects the clear forward request , use of the session connection continues .
However  , if the phase characteristics versus frequency is non - linear , distortion is generated .
However  , if the quantizing interval is reduced , the number of quantizing levels and bits per sample increases .
However  , if the section is very short , it is necessary to consider the replacement with a cable having the same number of pairs as that of the existing cable for its effective use .
However  , if the system becomes large , the requirements of memory and access speed can not be met adequately with currently available technology .
However  , if they are defined as the Number of Transmission PDUs , management information related to the number of transmission PDUs can be independently standardized .
However  , in actual operation , the wires are connected groups of 10 - pairs or 100 - pairs .
However  , in case of STM - n , a bit rate becomes n times of 155.52 Mbps .
However  , in general , the transmission bandwidth used in practice is 1.2 to 1.4 times as large as the theoretically required bandwidth .
However  , in Japan , since waves in the range of the radio window are very frequently used for terrestrial microwave circuits , waves from satellites interfere with those from terrestrial circuits , thus making both circuits useless unless the location of the Earth stations is determined with almost care .
However  , in many cases , the analysis suggests choosing the number of pairs corresponding to the number of cable units totaled for each conductor diameter in most sections .
However  , in order to avoid confusion with the design period and the facilities expansion scale , and to promote cost consciousness , it was changed to standard expansion size .
However  , in order to evaluate accurately , it is necessary to compare those three among the space division multiplexing which transmit n channel through the optical fiber of n number , WDM transmission , and TDM transmission .
However  , in order to further promote portable and car phones , and to improve services , it is important to enable subscribers to make use of different mobile communications networks as their phones from place to place .
However  , in practice , fiber systems with greater than Gbps capacity usually require 1 : 1 protection because they carry so much service .
However  , in radio transmission at the same speed , one voice channel occupies more frequency bandwidth than it does in analog systems , which means the frequency bandwidth is not utilized efficiently .
However  , in reality , unequalized distribution phenomenon occurs frequently such as traffic congestion caused by vehicles during the rush hours .
However  , in recent years , requests for the replacement of aerial lines with underground cables have increased .
However  , in response to the location of the united EC economic area . ERMES ( European Radio Message System ) which can be used all over Europe was developed in 1992 .
However  , in the actual system , this can not be realized .
However  , in the case of single mode optical fiber that only experiences chromatic dispersion , propagation route dispersion and material dispersion can offset with each other in a certain wavelength and as a result , used widely to minimize chromatic dispersion in a wavelength between 1.2 - 1.7um .
However  , in the optical transmission system , shooting noise dependent on signal levels exist .
However  , in the synchronous transmission system , positive / zero / negative justification is used and accordingly , more number of the jitters for regeneration devices are required in comparison to the existing digital transmission .
However  , in this example the mobile station must perform preliminary pre - set dialing operations .
However  , in this method , two transmission routes are available so as to ensure reliability .
However  , in this section , light propagation through the optical fiber is explained briefly based on geometrical optics that provides an intuitive understanding on the phenomenon .
However  , interference with other communication area is inevitable because radio communication shares the space as transmission medium with others .
However  , it does not allow easy connection changing or re - connection .
However  , it increases overall expenses because it requires control systems at both transmit and receive ends .
However  , it is applied to cases in which a large antenna is used whose half - power beam width is 0.1 degree or less ; it must capture the satellite signal at its beam center .
However  , it is desirable for NTT to actively promote the installation considering convenient timing for both itself and power companies in view of securing routes for NTT 's lines .
However  , it is difficult to obtain an accurate measure of speech quality using conventional objective methods when the coding bit rate is low or when there are many coding errors .
However  , it is extremely difficult for all of the base stations to maintain precisely the same transmission frequency , so beat interference occurs in regions where the electric field strength of the radio waves transmitted from various base stations are equal .
However  , it is possible to interface with TE1 of ISDN or TA through the use of TE2 of BISDN .
However  , it must be made based on overall consideration , considering not only economy but also tax reductions from reducing fixed assets , advantages of distribution freedom obtained by consolidating capacities into multiple - pair cables and degradation conditions of activities .
However  , it should be noted that this equation gives the ratio of the transmitted power to that received when the wave is transmitted from an isotropic transmitting antenna ( gain 0 dB ) and received by an isotropic receiving antenna .
However  , it should make the cell for indicating congestion separately .
However  , it was changed to demand in a fixed distribution area when the feeder cable distribution system was introduced .
However  , it was decided that 5 48 byte be used for this purpose .
However  , its characteristics are not good in terms of gain efficiency and sidelobe .
However  , its disadvantages are that the transmission distance is restricted to the CSA ( Carrier Serving Area ) of 9 ~ 12 Kft distance and can not support the existing 2 wire subscriber .
However  , its disadvantages include the restricted bandwidth , access distance , and the high installation cost per subscriber .
However  , its overhead structure is carried out a little differently .
However  , its price competitiveness is not as good as that of CATV or satellite broadcasting network .
However  , its price competitiveness is not as good as that of CATV or satellite broadcasting network .
However  , light can not be explained completely with geometric optics alone because some of the general rules involving light are violated as in the case of interference and diffraction .
However  , line - facilities design requires that such an increase be made together with subscriber line installation work or be made independently to match design to each local situation .
However  , loaded cable has its inherent disadvantages , comparatively low transmission speed , existence of cut - off frequency and characteristics impedance fluctuation .
However  , low capacity radio relay systems will be applicable for the rural network for trunk line , transfer and distribution and distribution circuits .
However  , mac sublayer is regulated by the access system handling the physical layer .
However  , noise occurring in different places has different effect , so the integrated noise power cannot be evaluated simply by determining the noise power amounts .
However  , not all of this concentrated light but only a part of it whose angle of incidence is within a certain limit can be injected into the core .
However  , of the timing is not the same , decoded information will be incorrect .
However  , overload satellite channels are effective in reducing the freeze - out fraction .
However  , owing to the competition for telecommunication market share and the role between companies , in early 1986 , t1 committee came to a decision that the STS - 1 standard signal would be 49 Mbps .
However  , primarily in the field of car telephones , the multi - channel access system has become the main - stream device .
However  , propagation paths can be roughly classified into the three types :
However  , radio communication is not affected by disasters or accidents on the transmission path , and communication lines are not interrupted unless radio equipment installed at the sites or relay points fail .
However  , recent years have seen remarkable changes in the structure of demand for telephone services as represented by a decline in demand for new subscriber telephones and an increase in subscriber relocations , etc .
However  , recently , better sidelobe characteristics are required for a more efficient use of the geostationary orbit and frequency .
However  , reduction of number of wires wills increased work necessary for managing and operating the facilities , e . G . , more frequent wire distribution .
However  , regenerators may be needed for longer diverse protection spans in larger fiber - hubbed networks and may offset the advantage of using low - speed OLTMs .
However  , several relay stations are passed in microwave relay transmission , and the two – frequency method is used to utilize the two frequencies without interference .
However  , since earth stations are located far away from one another and send bursts with separate equipment units , more precise control is required to protect signals from colliding in the satellite with one another .
However  , since path loss follows logarithmic normal distribution , in most of cases , C / I value is smaller than 18dB , in reality , C / I value exceeds 16dB during 90 % of time .
However  , since the overhead ratio was over 4.5 % of all , this concept was difficult to be accepted at that situation .
However  , since the pointer technique used when employing the synchronous transmission method , is closely related to the frame having the size of 125ms , low frequency and high amplitude jitter is generated .
However  , since the satellite is continuously subject to external disturbances such as radiation pressure from the sun and the magnetic torque of the earth , it is necessary to take suitable measures to maintain the attitude of the satellite stable .
However  , since the transmission channels are divided by a physical measure , namely , the frequency ( band - pass filters ) , this method lacks flexibility in changing channel assignment .
However  , since this property effects mostly waves in the HF band , the higher is the frequency the less is the effect of the ionosphere .
However  , some of its weaknesses are as follows ; the size of its switching element that can be implemented , due to the limit of memory speed , is small ( normally , under 8x8 ) and there is a great performance difference depending on a ratio with which one shared memory is commonly used for each port .
However  , subjects MOS evaluation results fluctuate depending on the particular test conditions .
However  , such overall conversion to non - branched wire distribution will be very costly .
However  , switching and connection to the PSTN depended on the exiting system , which required the services of an operator , so effective use of frequencies and connection time remained a problem .
However  , the 150 MHz band became extremely congested and receiving allocations for new frequencies was difficult .
However  , the 6MHz analog band can be modulated for the transmission of 3 - 30 Mbps or more of digital data through the utilization of digital modulation and accordingly , it can be used widely as a community network for wideband distribution type service .
However  , the 6MHz analog band can be modulated for the transmission of 3 - 30 Mbps or more of digital data through the utilization of digital modulation and accordingly , it can be used widely as a community network for wideband distribution type service .
However  , the actual TWT has non - linearity as shown by the solid line , and the intermodulation occurs .
However  , the amount of equipment and its size tends to be large .
However  , the antenna inevitably has a radiation in the unwanted direction , because the antenna diameter is not infinite compared with the wavelength .
However  , the difference in loss due to the light beam spread is far smaller than the coupling lass itself .
However  , the disadvantages of HCF are that its two way transmission is restricted due to the bandwidth restriction of upstream channel and its security and reliability are not as good as desired due to the bus structure of hybrid fiber part .
However  , the disadvantages of HCF are that its two way transmission is restricted due to the bandwidth restriction of upstream channel and its security and reliability are not as good as desired due to the bus structure of hybrid fiber part .
However  , the efficiency of this method drops for specific load ( for example , when the number of copies remains uniform ) .
However  , the electronic switching system employing the large capacity memory circuit and stored program control method having flexibility can offer the same more economically and efficiently .
However  , the equation for calculating the integrated C / N will be complicated , as shown in equation 4.1 .
However  , the equation is simplified into the following since the term representing frequency .
However  , the equivalent noise temperature will increase by about 14K according to equation ( 5.6 ) , which is about 30 % increase of noise temperature of a low noise receiver with an equivalent noise temperature of 40K is used .
However  , the feeder point should be close to the center of a 0.9 mm - cable distribution area where a general rule of line configuration does not allow a fixed distribution area if the total demand in 15 years of about 600 is insisted on .
However  , the following cases require thorough consideration as to whether or not tapping is the best solution by conducting adequate survey on the cable and associated facilities .
However  , the following disadvantages are found when using this method :
However  , the further development of this system was abandoned upon the introduction of the radio system .
However  , the further development of this system was abandoned upon the introduction of the radio system .
However  , the high - speed LAN is required by appearing the high ability computer .
However  , the influence of rain is larger than the C band .
However  , the introduction of PEC cable has limited the use of 0.32 mm - conductors to 3.600 pair cable only .
However  , the ionosphere is unstable , and the upper and lower limit frequencies that are reflected over the ionosphere and the reflection strength change irregularly , causing fading .
However  , the ITU - T working groups responsible for the SS No.7 concept and design were concerned with delay , whether for the data or telephone user of the digital PSN or ISDN .
However  , the larger the DSI gain , the higher the proability of freeze - out becomes .
However  , the larger the symbolic period of digital data is , that is , the shorter using bandwidth of channel frequency band is , isi is not affected by regular delay diffusion .
However  , the most important factor is the delay caused by the cell creation and assembling process .
However  , the negative frequency component is a component which revolves in the reverse direction to the power spectrum is considered , the negative frequency component can be treated the same as the positive frequency component .
However  , the network can be built up by one or multiple time switches .
However  , the noise caused by atmospheric gas has been found to have a measured temperature of less than 10ºK , so it can be ignored during rough circuit design .
However  , the number of pairs is non - reduced if the length of the cable over which the number of pairs can be reduced isles than about 3 spans or the pairs can be shared with distribution areas of other branch cables .
However  , the number of pairs must be decided carefully with consideration given to the local area 's future development .
However  , the output of laser diode changes as the surrounding temperature changes .
However  , the partially modified and deleted parts are excluded .
However  , the phase delay angle at the point of reflection is fr = 0 .
However  , the position error of bursts in open loop synchronization tends to be large .
However  , the problem of exhausted ring capacity can be reduced or solved by careful network planning or much higher speed ADM deployment ( e . g . the availability of 9.6 - Gbps ADMs ) .
However  , the propagation distance is extremely long ( 36 , 000km ) , thus causing a tremendous amount of loss .
However  , the radiation resistance becomes lower than the resistance due to conductor loss of the antenna element and the matching circuit , so the effective gain is reduced considerably .
However  , the required number of modems should be installed on base stations with high traffic beforehand .
However  , the S / N ( signal - to - noise ratio ) after demodulation has a better value than that in AM ; deterioration in the amplitude does not directly lead to any deterioration in S / N .
However  , the setting up of BISDN is carried out differently from that of ISDN .
However  , the signal components such as 2f1 and 3f1 are the harmonics of f1 and they do not fall in the in the transmission band of the TWT .
However  , the situation surrounding metallic lines has changed greatly on account of increases in the number of non - telephone lines and the diversification of signals in subscriber loop systems .
However  , the size of optical signal received varies according to the loss and length of optical cables .
However  , the standardization was suddenly put forward with the announcement of Metrobus in September 1985 , and the concept of hierarchical system and synchronization technique by pointer were proposed additionally by the members of the T committee .
However  , the system has the disadvantage that applicable traffic is not large whereas the processing on each node or interface board is complicated .
However  , the system is useful for rural area and emergency purpose by simple and economical form .
However  , the system will be available to cover more than 40 km for fixed terminals under good geographical conditions , and it will be applicable for rural telecommunications .
However  , the underground distribution area must be made an independent fixed distribution area if it is more appropriate to do so .
However  , the VPI / VCI value of F5 OAM cell is the VPI / VCI value of the user cell on the corresponding virtual channel .
However  , there are minor differences between SDH and SONET .
However  , there are three or more stations however , it may not be possible to achieve phase compensation in a signal operation .
However  , there is a slight peculiarity due to the difference of regions for the satellite communication service so that the allocation is conducted commonly in these three regions with a few exceptions .
However  , there is no guarantee of the order in which the data will arrive .
However  , there is no inter - relationship between the receiver frequency bandwidth of a base station and the Rayleigh fading of transmit frequency bandwidth .
However  , these are popular names which are not the internationally recognized names of the various frequency bands .
However  , these frequencies involve a considerable attenuation by rain and are not suitable for communications requiring high efficiencies .
However  , these quality objectives are generally associated with the requirements of systems used for distribution in broadcast networks and do not reflect the current design practices of satellite systems used for more general distribution particularly to small earth stations .
However  , they are similar in concepts alone and are not compatible respective to each other in actual operation .
However  , this also cuts off the transmission , even when the listener wants to cut in while the talker is speaking .
However  , this feature issued in the existing asynchronous digital hierarchy .
However  , this may not be acceptable for services requiring automatic ( fast ) reconfigurations .
However  , this method is not appropriate at the present when demand growth is slowing down .
However  , this method suffers fro a relatively large amount of quantization noise .
However  , this type of increase on the data rate needs to pay the rice .
However  , those system have problems that quality is not good enough sometimes , and the repeater distance is too small and so on .
However  , three bytes of B2 , soh for BIP - 24 , are located on the lower part of PTR and they are only checked in end - line .
However  , to do so may require heavy investment and cause inefficient communication .
However  , to use these the all the existing networks , current technology requires to be upgraded considerably .
However  , total demands in a FDB may amount to more than 600 , or it may be less than 600 if there are few difficulties in maintenance and operation .
However  , traffic is changeable all time , so we handle the traffic statically .
However  , train radio is not just for business use .
However  , transfer characteristics during synchronization are determined by the filter processing characteristics of MTG and the processing characteristics of filter change depending on whether loop time is used or MTS is used .
However  , transferring traffic to other wires within the same cable repairs failures of 90 % or more .
However  , under multiple zone control it is not possible to confine interference and jamming occurring in the control channel , or to confine the area affected by device faults .
However  , various data signals are signals with bit rates that vary greatly .
However  , voiced sounds can be accurately differentiated from unvoiced sounds by incorporating two additional parameters besides average speech energy per frame namely , by also taking the average speech energy change and scalar quantization of reflection coefficients into account as parameters .
However  , when any type is applicable , the type is determined according to the following .
However  , when carrying out the registration frequently , the accurate location , of the mobile unit can be known and the call processing is simplified considerably .
However  , when doing so , the probability of error is increased since signal space becomes more dense as the system level gets higher .
However  , when employment the wideband CDMA modulation method , multipaths are discerned during the demodulation process and thus reduces the seriousness of fading problems .
However  , when handling weak signals , as in the case of satellite communications , the noise temperature is used instead of the noise factor ( F ) .
However  , when large size carriers are commonly amplified the intermodulation distortion noise is generated by input – output non - linearity of the LNA .
However  , when making this calculation one must leave a certain margin to allow for the difference between theoretical and actual equipment performances and to cover any deterioration in the signal or increase in noise ( interference due to other networks , multiple paths or transmission in adjacent channels ) .
However  , when optional extension MIBs established as bridges or routers are added , there may be more than 500 managed objects , depending on the network .
However  , when the output port collision occurs , the path control is carried out by placing the buffer on the input port in order to prevent cell loss .
However  , when the output port collision occurs , the path control is carried out by placing the buffer on the input port in order to prevent cell loss .
However  , when the phase difference between them is 180 degree ( p ) , they cancel each other out , and the rays disappear .
However  , when there are two third - stage central stations , if one of them is selected from among the first - stage satellite stations , the other one must be selected from among the first - stage satellite stations .
However  , when traffic data are not available , the following date is likely to be used in a typical rural area :
However  , when using the above methods together , they can be used very effectively .
However  , when using the CDMA receiver without voice function , data transmission rate is reduced rather drastically and thus , the interference on other users can be decreased a great deal .
However  , when using the combined system , a 114Mcps instantaneous code generator and a frequency mixer that can generate 20 frequencies are required .
However  , when using the switching system with the function of interfacing between the subscribers as illustrated in ( b ) of Fig.2.2 , a number of lines required are the same as the number of subscribers registered in the system .
However  , while the wave is traveling through rain , the flattened shape of raindrops ( see the figure 2.15 ) sometimes causes an inclination of cross polarization , thus introducing quadrature components in the process of separating it into individual waves by the antenna .
However  , with half - rate methods , the maximum delays are dangerously close to the point where they will interfere with telephone conversations , and further increases cannot be tolerated .
However as the demand for high - quality and reliable communications services increased  , men started to use electricity , rather than fire , as the most important communications medium .
However in case of mobile telecommunication system which has a base station  , there are 2 type which a station covers the service area like taxi radio communication , and which multi base stations cover the services are like vehicle telephone system .
However issues concerning service building blocks are summarized in Table 7 - 1 .
However parameter G / T  , which uses TSYS instead of NSYS in this equation , is used to express performance of the receiver , G / T is expressed can be expressed by equation 4.12 .
However some of them  , called integrated terminal , are equipped with advanced features used for special services .
However the burst signals from each mobile don't collide with each other according to the control of transmit timing and guard time  , the lock timing of burst signal is not synchronous .
However the detection of this moved cell is used in FDMA  , if the number of user increase , the hand – off control process becomes huge in base station .
However there are two physical restriction in telecommunication when information is transmitted by the electric method .
However w = 2 and f represents the frequently of electronic wave .
HRX ( hypothetical reference connection ) of the longest distance of digital transmission system divided the integrate goal figure of network quality by network component by network component to be suitable for the digital transmission system is same as figure 3.3 .
Hue is the color  , red , blue , green , yellow , etc .
Hybrid fibers are used from this part to each subscriber for transmission .
I land - off means that during the call  , when the mobile unite moves out of the service area of a particular site , the system switches the call to a new frequency channel in a new cell site without disconnecting the call .
I n the monopulse system  , it is ascertained whether the antenna is very accurately pointed at the satellite by using four horns , each of which has a beam direction that is slightly different from that of the main beam , or a higher - order mode of a circular waveguide to extract error signals .
IAM stands for the initial address message and represents request for the establishment of a call .
IAP1 stands for Initial Acquisition Phase 1  , which is the Control code for directing the start of initial acquisition .
IAP2 stands for Initial Acquisition Phase 2  , the IAP2 code indicates that the reference station has successfully received the Short Burst .
Ideal FH spectrum for one cycle has a complete square shape and distributes equally on frequency channels available for transmission .
Ideally  , for low - level signals , compression and expansion curves are linear .
Ideally  , output frequency from instantaneous frequency hopper should have a single frequency .
Identification of burst type and phase ambiguity resolution are also achieved through the unique words .
Identification of end to end compatible parameters .
Identification of the primary and secondary reference bursts is achieved by using the status code contained in the CDC message .
Identify the No . of the receiving time slot of subscriber A  , and read out the content written in the SCM .
Idle cells are used to fill blank in case there is no cell to be transferred and physical layer OAM cell is used for OAM .
IDN ( Integrated Digital Network ) capable of integrating switching and transmission technology through digital processing is a pre - requisite .
IEEE established an 802 committee for LAN  , and it is mainly conducting activities for a protocol compatible with low two layers ( physical layer , data link layer ) in the OSI basic reference model .
IETF expedites technical standardization to map IP  , standard protocol in Internet , to ATM network .
IETF is an organization that handles the interface standard of Internet  , which is a TCP / IP computer network .
If  , for example , the data are physical structured as a data base , the data manager may also handle data base accessing language such as an SQL .
If 2 is written in the SCM  , the controller converts the number into 3 and the content at time slot # 0 is written into address # 3 in the time switch .
If  , for example , the loss in the feed circuit is 0.2dB , the transmitted power will be attenuated by only 0.2dB , or 5 % .
If 3 or more frequencies ( chip ) are used for each information bit transmission performance under interference increases enormously .
If a BER or an out - of - Frame ( OOF ) count for the working line exceeds the preset threshold  , or a Loss of Signal ( LOS ) is detected on the working system , the receiver and transmitter exchange alarm control messages , thus causing the working system to switch to the ' protection system .
If a bit deviation exceeding a specified value is detected  , the phase compensation procedure is in - initiated .
If a cable cut occurs  , each affected office initiates its own protection switching functions to switch demands from the affected working span to the diverse protection span ; however , the protection switching function in the foreign hub is not initiated .
If a certain amount of information given must be sent out within the time interval of ' a ' as illustrated in Figure 2 - 19  , the signaling rate is decreased as much as factor ' N ' in the M - ary system .
If a communicating pair of functional entities is located in physically separate entities  , the relationship between them defines the information transfer requirements for a protocol between the corresponding physical entities .
If a heavy rainfall of say 70mm / hour is encountered  , the noise temperature increase of up to 50K would be expected in 4GHz band .
If a parabolic antenna with a large hyperboloid reflective plate is used in microwave communication  , the radio wave can be transmitted and received in a specific direction , and the same frequency can be used by changing the propagation path .
If a phase compensation request signal is sent form the line link unit transmission of the call signal is stopped and a phase compensation signal is sent .
If a pole is to be located on a road  , check whether or not the road width is planned to be expanded .
If a pole is to be located on residential premises  , arrange to locate the pole on its boundary after checking whether ot not the owner is planning to expand or rebuild the house , or to construct a garage .
If a portable car transmitter is used as an earth station  , a temporary line can be established quickly in a remote place , and interference is used for TV covering and relaying .
If a queue of impulses is transmitted in this Nyquist interval  , inter - symbol interference can be avoided in relation to the momentary discrimination conducted at the center of the received pulses .
If a ring topology exists  , this concept of an ADM dual - homing chain can be easily extended to a SHR architecture .
If a satellite communications circuit includes the site diversity earth station  , the hypothetical reference circuit shall include the required terrestrial link between the principal station and the diversity station .
If a single frequency carrier having high frequency is transmitted via a multi - mode optical fiber that can be handled easily  , transmission characteristics change rather complicatedly because optical cables vibrate due to interference caused by the mode conversion or reflection during transmission and as a result , it is extremely difficult to manufacture a stable transmission system .
If a telephone set  , such as land mobile radio telephone and cordless telephone , is moved , the telephone set cannot be connected to the exchange by a cable .
If a transmission line has any impedance mismatch at its input and output points  , a part of the signals is reflected at the output joint and returned back to the input point , where the signal is reflected again by the mismatch at the input point and appears at the output point .
If all channels in its own radio zone are in use  , bs1 sends an inquiry to BS2 in the adjacent coverage cell to see if it has a vacant channel request signal that BS2 is associated with a coverage zone supporting the mobile .
If all switches in a digital network are synchronized all transmission lines can be synchronized automatically by deriving these timings directly from the switches .
If amount of access time is less than 200 min per month  , this chard is free .
If an abnormality is generated  , ensuring maximum communication and communication and quick response to customers is the primary concern .
If an optical fiber cable employs broad - bandwidth  , the equalizing amplification unit should be equipped with a local filter for reducing the intersymbol interference and noise level .
If an optical fiber is cut with a conventional tool like a nipper  , a very rough end surface is resulted as shown in Fig . 1.29 ( a ) .
If analysis results indicate an actual calling party  , preparation to receive dialing from the sender is made , and notice of completion of reception preparation is sent to the calling party through the individual subscriber line .
If any sub - transaction fails to be secured  , the other sub - transactions are rolled back to the secure state and the transaction fails .
If b &gt; &gt; w  , ub ( t ) ub ( t ) = 0 , thus VSB is almost same as DSB .
If band is 2MHz  , processing gain is restricted by 20MHz .
If bandwidth is assigned or correlation of frequency synthesizer is given  , trade - off between increase in chip count per bit and decrease in available frequency allocation should be found .
If both ends of the digital TDM trunks are integrated into a digital switch  , the channel banks at both ends of the trunk are eliminated .
If both the transmitter and receiver have image memories  , each picture input can be compared with the previous one to determine which areas have changed , and only those areas that have changed need to be transmitted .
If cable expansion would result in a large number of cables  , pairs must be consolidated in to a small number of cables for easy maintenance and high economy .
If calls made are heavily concentrated to some base stations  , the remaining base stations experience smaller traffic load .
If common meanings could be extracted from this information and abstracted to define the management information  , management would be more systematic .
If congestion state is detected  , the generation and release are reported to the network management system and the configuration management function of the system determines the expansion and relocation of network resources based on statistic data of connection failure due to lack of report data and network resources .
If considering that B15DN is the transport network of ATM  , the layered concept of the ' network can be introduced .
If conversion is necessary to deliver  , it will be automatically performed by the destination system .
If critical frequency is given  , maximum frequency that is to be reflected for launch angle qi , can be decided .
If d route experiences trouble or heavy traffic  , the packet should be sent to b and c .
If data base system that provides different distribution elements is connected  , the user does not need to be aware of it .
If data base with partially distributed elements fails  , it has no influence on the user .
If data in one SCF are updated  , the other SCF is notified for this update and synchronous modifications is made .
If data is divided because of an increased load  , it has no influence on the user .
If deferred delivery is request  , messavia holds the message until the designated time when it delivers the message automatically .
If duplicated data is provided to minimize the cost of communication with the data base or two improve reliability  , the user does not need to be aware of it .
If e1 ( t ) and e2 ( t ) are the amplitude modulated waves having two values  , it is possible to obtain the modulated having four signal points by combining them .
If each source is so designed as to keep the noise produced in it within the noise budget allocated  , the overall noise objective would be observed .
If f1 and f2 are close enough in frequency  , ( f1 – f2 ) and ( f2 – f1 ) become almost zero , and ( f1 f2 ) becomes almost 2f1 or 2f2 which is high enough not to fall on the transmission band of the frequency f1 or f2 .
If f2 is greater than f1  , penetrated light is fully reflected to medium 1 without being refracted medium 2 .
If fading occurs  , the receive electrical field changes largely and falls , communication may be interrupted .
If fixed service mapping is used  , the number of time slots ( e . g , VT 1.5s ) , assigned to the ADM node is the same as the number of equivalent capacity service demand ports ( e . g , ds1 ports ) .
If frame slip if performed frequently  , degradation in signal quality may be observed .
If frequencies are low  , transmitters and receivers can be made at low costs without the need of high technologies .
If frequency of corresponding VC becomes higher than TU / AU frame  , payload to be transferred is increased .
If guard time is too long  , the frame efficiency ( control + user data length ) / frame length dropped .
If in the future a station is established on the periphery of the base station of an isolated area  , the base station is assigned to be a primary central station .
If interpolation is performed over rather long sections of the signal  , the resulting sound becomes rather unnatural , resembling a plucked string .
If it detects a change in the line delay  , a phase compensation request signal is sent to the encoder .
If it goes well  , nyex will commercially provide the AIN - based services .
If it is a display - type pager a notification for the caller to enter the message information is sent to the encoder .
If it is include the call routing is accomplished by using the RN and the LI to identify the V - AMS of the called subscriber .
If it is not  , it reproduces the busy token and relays it to the next node .
If it is occupied  , the terminal waits until it is open and , at the point the media is cleared , transmits its packets .
If it is reverse - diffused by same diffusion code  , the initial 1 st modulated wave is obtained again .
If it is the same  , the central processing unit decodes the received message and displays it on the LCD , and the same time generates a tone or lights an LED to notify the user of the call .
If LAN emulation is provided as a bearer service in ATM network  , lan application software that have been enormously invested in the ATM network can be used without any corrections .
If Lead - up Cable units after 5 years are larger than Lead – up units after 10 years it satisfies lead - up Cable units after 5 years .
If lines for which phase deviation is not of concern  , such as metallic circuits are used for the signal trunk , the convention at fixed - phase equalization method is used .
If make channel distance 1 / 2  , available channel amount in the system bandwidth is increased double .
If more than four Os are generated  , the fourth bit is made into V always .
If multiple base stations cover the same area they are not permitted to have the same offset .
If N | b &lt; &lt; w  , ub ( t ) = 0 , thus VSB is almost same to SSB .
If n = 2  , and the baseband signal becomes a bipolar NRZ pulse taking four values , the modulated waveform becomes like that shown in Fig.3.6 .
If n bits are used in the coding  , the number of quantizing levels become 2n .
If n1 = 1  , 463 ; n2 = 1 , 46 ; 2a = 10mm , and the wavelength of light , lamda = 1 , 3 mm we have N = 1 .
If no confirmation signal is returned the mobile unit sends the location registration signal again .
If no water is left in the bucket when kth cell arrives  , the condition that the water level of bucket is lower than ' t ' is met automatically and accordingly the cell is evaluated as one observing the corresponding contract .
If not  , the message is delivered to the routing function for further transfer on a signaling link .
If not in busy state  , one connection path connected to the trunk lines is selected for connection .
If not possible  , the cell where Nack is contained is transmitted .
If omni - directional antenna radiates radio wave on the plane area  , the coverage shows circular shape .
If one digital link is used between one end office to another for this purpose  , transmission loss can be reduced to current 10dB to 6dB .
If one PS of 3 dB loss  , four connectors of 0.5 dB loss each , and one 1x2 mechanical optical switch ( MOS ) of 1 dB loss are used , the power loss for a fiber span due to optical switches and splitters is about 6 dB .
If only small amounts of noise  , interference , or distortion are impressed upon the signal during transmission , the binary date in the receiver are identical to the binary sequence generated during the digitization or encoding process .
If Os continuous after that  , the first bit is converted into B when there is proceeding V bit , in order to stabilize DC elements .
If overlapping of bursts occurs at the satellite  , communication can no longer continue .
If period of given square pulse is T and amplitude is A  , fourier series are expanded as follows when A = 0 at T + T / 2 :
If possible  , we will try to obtain the advanced information on potential development plans to meet the future demand .
If r1 = 0  , 9 , l1 = 600m , r2 = 0 , 8 , l2 = 480m to find the fluctuation of electric field intensity over distance equal to several tens of the wavelength , the result will be as shown in figure 2.16 ( ii ) .
If rain attenuation occurs in the circuit  , received power will be lower than the specified level .
If satellite eclipse occurs  , solar batteries do not generate power , and communication is made impossible if the satellite has a small battery capacity .
If SDH is STM - 1  , it has 270B structure , and STS - 1 of SONET has 90B structure which is one third of its size .
If service processing is required  , ssf compiles a message to be sent to SCF , SCF , in response to the message from SCF , perform the appropriate service logic instance and returns the requested action back to SSF .
If several radio channels are uses in the same route  , the determined frequency band is divided into high frequency band ( high group ) and low frequency band ( low group ) , and they are used as shown in Fig.7.4 .
If SIBs are too much service independent and of very small scale  , service editing is rather cumbersome .
If sips occur more frequently  , speech quality is degraded .
If Sm1 is activated at the same time  , input m is send to output 1 .
If some DS1s in a DS3 are required to drop  , these DS1s are dropped via an M13 .
If spaced close enough together  , these intermediate nodes detect and regenerate the digital signal before channel - induced degradations become large enough to cause decision errors .
If specified in negotiations with outside ( private lands  , roads , or local residents ) , the specified types must be used .
If subscriber 2 is in a call receivable state  , he sends a call accepted packet to the network .
If subscriber lines are also digitalized as well as transmission lines and exchanges  , communication network which have been constructed separately for different services such as telephony , data communication , visual communication and mobile communication may all be considered to be integrated into a total network called ISDN ( Integrated Services Digital Network ) .
If testing of individual building blocks have been made thoroughly  , only the testing of service logic which is composed of these building blocks may be needed .
If the actual arriving time is faster than the theoretical arriving time ( Ta ( k ) &gt; TAT ) or it has arrived faster than the theoretical arriving time but the difference is within the tolerance range ( Ta ( k ) &gt; TAT - t )  , the corresponding cell is regarded as the one observing the contract .
If the actual cell arriving time is faster than be theoretical arriving time by more than ' t ' time ( Ta ( k ) ) &lt; TAT - t )  , that cell is regarded as commitment violating cell .
If the address is its own  , the node receives the information and adds an acceptance notice , then outputs is on the transmission line .
If the Agent cannot fetch the managed object  , it them returns the cause as Error Status and the missed managed object in the fields established by the Error Index in the Get - Response PDU .
If the analog channel is too poor  , it may be unusable for a particular application .
If the angle of incidence  , i1 , is increased gradually , the angle of refraction , r1 , approaches 90 ° .
If the call is from an in - office switching system  , the activated station executes termination analysis to find out if the called party 's line is busy .
If the call is from another office  , an output route ( output relay system ) is selected to establish a path for the switching system .
If the call number and message signal from the PBS is sent  , the number and message signals is placed in the serial data position determined in advance according to the called number and sent to the modem .
If the call number message signal from the 4PBS is sent  , the number message signal is placed in the serial data position determined in advance according to the called number and sent to the line link unit .
If the called number is a transfer call the data is transferred to the business district ( transfer destination station ) whose position is registered and the call is made .
If the called number is not confirmed to be a subscriber the notification NU is sent to the caller .
If the called subscriber is busy  , the call to that subscriber is automatically up when he completes his call by dialing a special number .
If the capacity of the existing cable does not suffice  , and requires more cable pairs design in sequence as described below :
If the characteristics impedance is not uniform along the line  , impedance mismatching will exert an unfavorable influence on the transmission characteristics of the line .
If the clocks of all digital switches are independent  , a loss or overlap of data is caused at every switch node in the network .
If the coincide  , the direct circuit is extended the mobile communication control office for the area in which the mobile subscriber is located , which area is determined from the location information .
If the contained radio wave is strong  , the desired radio wave cannot be indentified and communication is impossible .
If the cores of the two are not jointed completely and uniformly  , a part of light coming out from one of them cannot get into the other , and is radiated outside causing loss .
If the current network operation mode is normal  , the network operates like a Single - Homing ( SH ) network .
If the degree of multiplexing is increased  , a higher memory capacity is required by the time switch but the operation efficiency of the network can be increased .
If the distance is great enough that the radio waves cannot reach far enough  , there may be , for example , two third - stage central stations .
If the equivalent noise temperature of T is 100K for this circuit  , the noise power N will be 1.38 x 10 - 14 watt , or – 138.6dBW , since N is equal to kTB .
If the error rate exceeds some nominal value  , the transmission link is degraded .
If the exchange manufacturers take this approach  , they would need to design the software specification of the adjunct to cope with the proprietary of the interface .
If the frame error rate is below 2 %  , errors can not be felt when frames are reproduced as voice .
If the frequencies of the on the output side is higher than that on the input side  , the memory underflows , causing extraneous data to be inserted into the output data .
If the frequency is high  , as for microwave , waveguides are used because the radio wave is severely attenuated with coaxial cables .
If the frequency is high  , the antenna element is small , so antennas with complex configuration and improved characteristics , including directivity , are used .
If the frequency is low  , coaxial cables are mainly used as feeder .
If the frequency is low  , the radio wave spreads extensively , and there is a high possibility of radio interference if the same frequency is used .
If the frequency is low  , the wavelength is long , so large and simple antennas are used .
If the frequency of the clock pulse on the receive side is different from that on the transmit side  , as shown in Figure 2.7 , the timings of decisions about presence or absence of pulses .
If the frequency on the input side is higher than that on the output side  , the memory overflow and some data can not be read out .
If the frequency spectrum is known  , the response of the time region or its waveform can also be calculated by obtaining the inverse Fourier transform .
If the home hub fails  , all affected demands are rerouted to their foreign hub based on the following conditions :
If the information of the code difference between message signal v and the step approximate signal ô is transferred  , it pursuits the signal by accumulating the step size ± D at step generator .
If the input - output relationship is linear as shown by the dotted line  , the intermodulation distortion will not be generated .
If the input impedance of transmitting antenna is not matched to feeder line  , reflected wave takes place at the feeding point and then again at the power amplifier part , and disperse the transmitting signal .
If the input signal contains two frequencies of f1 and f2 which are close with each other  , the distortion signal components with frequencies of ( f1 f2 ) , ( f1 – f2 ) and ( f2 – f1 ) as well as the harmonics with frequency of 2f1 and 2f2 are produced from the second order term .
If the interval of these values is larger than the noise dispersion  , it is simple matter that determines accurately the meaning of specified value in receiving side .
If the LAN is not in the communication state  , it cycles a token ( free token ) though the transmission line at high speed to indicate the free state .
If the length of message is shorter than that of frame  , capsule creates the entire frame ( less with some overhead bits ) .
If the length of the TDMA frame is made longer  , the ratio of traffic data increases whereas the ration of portions additional to traffic data such as the preamble and guard time becomes smaller .
If the light passed through the slit S goes though two slits  , s1 and S2 , the light going through S1 and the light going through S2 cause interference , resulting in fringes of dark and light bands on the screen as shown in Fig . 1.9 .
If the line is open  , the activated station outputs a ringing signal from the subscriber line in the office service position for the switching system ( which is found from the address number ) and informs the called party of the call .
If the loop is locked at the other remaining phase  , data will appear on the arm of the opposite side .
If the magnitude of the reflection is large  , it is specifically called the Fresnel reflection .
If the mobile station is not the designated area ( or maritime area )  , the switching office for that area number requests the caller to redial the number .
If the mobile transmit power received at the base station is extremely low  , good speech quality cannot be expected due to too high bit error rate .
If the model does not show a line between functional entities  , there is no identified relationship which requires standardization .
If the number of pairs is not maximized  , the conduit line may require capacity increase , in turn calling for cable replacement .
If the number of pulses between 3 continuous Os and V pulse just before is even  , these codes are converted into BOV and if odd , these are converted to OOV pattern .
If the number of satellite channels is kept constant  , higher DSI gain and more efficient use of satellite channels can be achieved for a larger number of input terrestrial channels .
If the number of subscribers residing in the particular area exceeds a certain limit  , more than one offices may be installed .
If the pager is the tone - only type the call number is sent to the encoder .
If the parabolic surface is not round  , then the equivalent antenna diameter is calculated from the effective area of the parabolic surface .
If the payload of an STS - 3 channel is terminated at this CO  , an STS - 3 MUX / DMUX is used to demultiplex - the STS - 3 signal to a maximum of three STS - 1 ( 51.84Mbps ) channels and then to convert the STS - 1s to DS3s ( 44.736Mbps ) via the STS - 1 interface cards .
If the pseudo - hub office ( office C ) fails and the working span does not pass through the pseudo - hub office  , such as span ( A , HH ) , diverse protection switching is not initiated at Office A .
If the pulse is widened  , the pulse height is inevitably reduced in spite of an assumption that there is no radiation on the transmission route , that is the light energy is preserved .
If the radio frequency is 10 GHz or more  , the radio wave is greatly attenuated by rain .
If the radio wave from the transmitting antenna enters the receiving antenna through another route  , some receive electric field are strong , and the other are weak .
If the receive signal in fact goes down the threshold value  , the base station assumes that the corresponding mobile unit is around the border of the given service area .
If the received burst is properly placed  , the reference station transmits the IAP2 code together with the current value of Dn to the traffic station by way of CDC .
If the registration is confirmed the type of pager is determined .
If the representative differences among them be enumerated  , the basic starting point of SDH is 150 Mbps class , while that of SONET is 50 Mbps class .
If the result of comparing the result value and tolerance t is X ( k ) &gt; t  , it is regarded as the commitment violating cell and then , discarded .
If the same bandwidth is used in the CDMA system  , erlang that can be provided is twenty times that of the analog system ( 720 Erlang ) .
If the same types of data transmitted continuously  , errors may occur when receiving them , thus making it extremely difficult to recover data .
If the sampling rate fs is higher than twice the highest fr fm of the analog signal .
If the satellite e . i . r . p . is increased or the back - off is decreased  , the down - link C / T can be improved in proportion to the e . i . r . p . increase ; however , the C / T due to intermodulation noise is degraded .
If the scan is sufficiently rapid  , a satisfactory reproduced picture can be obtained .
If the sending or receiving side is moving  , the phase difference between direct and reflected rays changes constantly , and the received electric field intensity changes with time , is show in figure 2.9 .
If the service control function  , the system can be made scalable .
If the side lobes of the antenna are considered as well  , the efficiency of this is about 85 % and actually expanded capacity is about 2.25 times .
If the signal does not reduced and there is no interence or noise  , y ( t ) shows the received signal as it is .
If the signal from the public network is not a dial tone multifrequency ( DTMF ) signal  , the called number is automatically encoded as a tone only ( sound or light only ) call and sent to the line link unit .
If the signal is a DTMF signals  , it is then encoded by the encoder and sent to the line link unit .
If the signal is good it is transferred to the V - AMS .
If the signaling point is the destination  , the message is delivered to the message destination function .
If the soft capacity limit feature is used  , the bit error rate of entire users is increased slightly and the addition of calls of the above can be carried out .
If the spacing between loading coils along a loaded cable deviates from the standard spacing  , the impedance frequency characteristics fluctuate , resulting in echo or singing in the circuit .
If the switching system utilized is tandem  , the call to be terminated is transited to the remote office or end office .
If the system has 128 time slots  , input time slot 3 can be connected to any space time slots except input time slot 3 .
If the television signal redundancy is reduced by some efficient coding techniques  , the data bit rate can be compressed without any picture degradation .
If the terminal is capable of processing data from several sources at the same time  , a call for more than two subscribers can be set up .
If the terminating subscriber is in the local office  , the call path in the local office is selected .
If the terrian is flat and the height of antenna not too high  , path loss is four times the distance .
If the total of demand in individual fixed distribution areas differs remarkably from the overall demand in the offices service area  , the overall demand must be rechecked before the adjustment in made in the same way as described above .
If the transmission interval is less than this Nyquist interval  , To , the fundamental components are cut off , making it impossible to transmit the pulse with the ordinary method .
If the transmission line is digitalized  , digital exchanges can be connected to the transmission line while maintaining the signals in the form of time - division multiplexed digital signals .
If the two chrominance sub - carrier signals corresponding to the two consecutive scanning lines n - l and n are Fn - 1 and Fn we have Fn - 1 = EU + jEV  , and Fn ¬ which is 1800 out of phase from the signal EV is represented by Fn = EU jEv subtraction of the two signals is as shown in the following talbe .
If the water level of bucket is lower than ' t ' at the time of inputting a certain cell from the user to the network  , that cell is regarded as a cell observing the corresponding contract and as a result , water is poured into the bucket by the unit of T in order to rise the water level .
If the working span passes through the pseudo hub office  , such as span ( B , HH ) , diverse protection switching is initiated at Office B , and demands are routed to office B 's home hub via its diverse protection span .
If there are any base station among neighboring base stations that receive the proper level of signals  , the call is transferred to this base station .
If there are existing outside plant facilities  , utilize existing outside plant as much as possible , however , secure one spare conduit , at least .
If there are less than 7 bit located  , the picture quality is degraded by the quantizing noise .
If there are obstructions  , such as building or hills , then reflected or diffracted waves will be used for propagation .
If there exists a case that congestion is generated concentratedly only at one point of network  , this is evaluated as capacity lackness of network elements at that point rather than traffic control error of UNI interface surface or the fault situation detected .
If there exists an available normal satellite channel for assignment  , the newly active international channel is connected to that normal satellite channel .
If there exists no available normal satellite channel  , an overload satellite channel is assigned .
If there is a difference in modulation phase between two waves at places where the waves arrive with equal strength from two different base stations the resulting distortion generated in the pager may lower the reception rate ( i . e . the call completion rate ) .
If there is actually water in the bucket  , water is reduced as much as ( Ta ( k ) - LCT ) during the time difference between the arriving times of kth cell and the cell observing the previous contract .
If there is an answer in response to the general call the MCU compares the level of the answer came from selects the MBS receiving the highest level  , and outputs an answer signal to the V - AMS .
If there is at least one fixed distribution area subject to general relief in an area  , the central office serving the area is regarded as a general relief office .
If there is no adjacent channel  , processing gain is given as follows : :
If there is no answer after several general call attempts the calling party is informed that communication is unavailable ( because  , for example : the called party may be outside of the designated zone ) .
If There is no need for language  , they are used as discriminating digits for representing terminating switching systems .
If there is not path loss  , the interference by remotely located mobile unit in a wide system service area exceeds the allowable level .
If these clocks are not properly adjusted with each other missed or overlaps of information transferred among the exchanges may occur causing data error or click noise .
If these transponders are synchronized with one another  , it is possible to transmit bursts to more than one transponder or receive bursts from more than one transponder in sequence using one TDMA terminal .
If this condition is determined exactly  , various types of terminals can be used at the interface so far as the condition is satisfied .
If this condition is not met  , it means that the use of directional antenna is required for proper signal separation .
If this distance exceeds the distance parameter of the last registered base station  , the mobile unit makes a registration on a new base station .
If this is impossible  , two - way repeaters and loading coils are used to solve this problem .
If this number does not reach the maximum number of pairs in the cable  , the optimum number is determined in an economic analysis of whether the installation of the maximum number of pairs is advantageous or not , considering demand growth in five years and later and prevailing local conditions .
If this pace can be maintained  , one might assume that by there year 2000 we should be seeing quarter - rate 2 - kbit / sec coding methods for mobile communications networks .
If this specification is determined exactly  , the user can use the multipurpose terminal which satisfies the condition by means of a single interface .
If three geostationary satellite are placed at equal intervals over the equator as shown in the figure 1.3  , communications between most areas on the earth can be covered by relaying via one or two satellites .
If three satellites are placed in uniform intervals along the stationary orbit about 36  , 000 km above the ground , a communication network can cover the whole world .
If time slot 3 is used already  , time slot 17 can be used , at this time , the calls are blocked .
If too small  , expansion must be made frequently and repeatedly .
If traffic distribution is not uniform  , channel efficiency will be decreased .
If two 1x2 MOSs of 1 dB loss each and four connectors of 0.5dB loss each are used  , the power loss , for this alternative architecture is about 4 dB .
If two separate electric lamps are used  , fringes like these cannot be seen .
If two transactions inadvertently update the same data at the same time  , then undesired situation shown below occurs .
If using ATM  , the capacity of service channel is measured according to the number of ATM cells .
If waves within the range of the radio window are used for satellite communications  , their propagation loss is almost equal to the free space loss , thus enabling the construction of stable satellite circuits .
If we assume the error rate of each repeater to be Pe and the actual value of jitter to be qj the error rate of transmission carried out with the N number of repeaters becomes N x Pe ( when the regenerating repeater function is available  , almost the same as the single section P ( e ) ) .
If we consider a case where both the ring and its hubbing counterpart use the same line rate  , and the cost of one OLTM is about 80 percent the cost of one ADM at the same line rate , the ring may save 58 percent of capital costs over its hubbing counterpart .
If we consider the interference signal from satellite system 1 to 2  , interference occurs if the off - axis radiation degrees apart from the main axis of the Earth station 2 illuminates satellite 1 and the receiving antenna of satellite 1 also has sensitivity in the direction of Earth station 2 in the uplink .
If we let the critical angle be ư c reference to Fig . 1.14 gives the number of propagation modes N as the maximum integer which satisfies the following equation .
If X ( k ) &lt; t  , it is regarded as the cell observing the contract and as a result , the water level of bucket is increased as much as T and the preparing step , the processing of next cell is carried out ( That is , x and LCT values are upgraded for storing ) .
If you convert the unweighted noise power of 10  , 000 pW to dBm , you obtain 10 , 000 x 10 ^ - 12 W , namely 10 ^ - 8 W , or 10 ^ - 5 mW , corresponding to – 50dBm .
If you fix f ( t ) and a ( t ) change in proportion to the message signal to be modulated  , the notion of amplitude modulation , is to be led .
Illustrated in figure 2 - 10 is the frequency spectrum of modulator .
Illustrated in Figure 3 - 6 is the AIS / RDI signal relationship and the flow diagram of the physical layer and ATM layer .
Illustrated in Figure 3 - 6 is the AIS / RDI signal relationship and the flow diagram of the physical layer and ATM layer .
Imbalance between the I and Q channel causes distortion .
Impedance matching with the pager is important no matter how small an antenna is realized .
Implementing such ADM chains between hubs is one way of providing dual homing .
Important messages include an overhead  , call , command , and channel allocation .
Important points in designing telephone outside plant .
In - service equipment monitoring such as path checking and memory parity checking is performed with equipment monitoring signals using empty intervals in main signals  , and when an error occurs it is easy to localize a failed package with alarm lamp .
In ( d ) where the mesh network is given  , mutual connection is carried out .
IN ( intelligent network ) has been studied to resolve the above issue .
IN / 1 + was a simplified version of IN / 2 with limited service capability of FCs applicable only to speech bearers  , and simplified call model .
IN / 1 is a service dependent network architecture in contrast to the service - independent IN architecture which appears later .
IN / 2 was a challenging architecture with distributed processing and location - free execution of service – processing building blocks called FCs ( functional components ) .
In &lt; Fig.1.50 &gt; and &lt; Table.1.10 &gt; jitter transfer specifications applied on regenerator are illustrated .
In &lt; Fig.1.62 &gt;  , the 1 : 3 APS system protects three working terminals , and three diverse protection fiber pairs protect three working fiber pairs ; both types are connected at the Optical Protection Modules ( OPMs ) .
In &lt; Fig.1.75 &gt;  , the terminal equipments ( B - TE ) contain B - TE1 , B - TE2 , and B - TA .
In 1.5 M system  , different digital hierarchies are used in North America and Japan for higher – order groups above the third - order group .
In 1820  , George Ohm successfully formulated mathematical equations for explaining electrical signals that flow though a conductor .
In 1850  , George Boole 's Boolean algebra provided the foundation for logic and the development of electrical relays .
In 1877  , one year after the invention of telephone , the switching service was initiated in Boston of the U . S . A .
In 1889 A  , B . Strowget of the U . S . A patented an automatic switching system and then in 1920 , a crossbar switching system was installed in Sweden for the first time .
In 1900  , Einstein , a physicist famous for the theory of relativity , wrote many important papers on solid physics , statistics , electro - magnetism , and quantum mechanics .
In 1910  , Erwin Schrodinger established the foundation for the quantum mechanics though his publication of the wave equation for explaining the atom structure and characteristics and R . H . Goddard successfully manufactured the first liquid propelled rocket , and the first teletype was invented .
In 1920  , Harold S . Black of the Bell Research Lab invented a negative feedback amplifier that is still used today in the field of telecommunications and computer technology .
In 1939  , the regular TV broadcasting service was initiated for the first time in history and in 1930 , Claude Schannon of the Bell Lab by using advanced mathematical formulas , was successful in devising the information theory used to determine the maximum amount of information a telecommunications system can process at a given time .
In 1940  , the Bell Lap laid out the foundation for the highly integrated semi - conductors of today though the invention of transistors and Howard Aiken of Harvard , in collaboration with IBM , was successful in setting up the first - ever - built electronic computer having the size of 50 feet by 8 feet .
In 1948  , just after ending the Second World War , pcm device for experimentation is designed and manufactured in America .
In 1948  , no.5 crossbar switching system was installed in the U . S . A .
In 1960s  , satellite relay method was realized and atmospheric troposcatter relay method appeared .
In 1965  , a large capacity commercial electronic switching system called No . 1 ESS was successfully commercialized in the U . S . A , thus opening a new era of electronic switching system .
In 1978  , an American company presented a single - chip A / D converter LSI .
In 1980  , three companies , DEC , intel and XEROC , jointly present 10 Mbit / s products ( DIX Ver.1.0 ) , followed by DIX ver 2.0 in 1982 .
In 1982  , ntt succeeded in half or one third of the power required by existing units .
In 1984  , the IOS and CCITT jointly recommended an OSI reference model based on international consensus .
In 1985  , a new SUD ( subscriber underground distribution ) system was put into use to replace the UG - H system , which had been in use until then .
In 1986  , fast - growing business and television services accounted for an ever increasing portion of revenue and together with domestic and maritime services provided 26 , 9 percent of INTELSAT 's revenue .
In 1988  , a kanakanjt and graphic display pager was introduced .
In 1988  , three new pagers were put on the market : a card type tone - only pager and a kanji - display pager .
In 1989  , ntt introduced a 1200b / s system with 25kHz channel spacing .
In 1990  , ccitt determined ATM basic protocol configuration and cell form , established preliminary 13 recommendations and specified traffic parameters which were the criteria to identify traffic types .
In a 4 - wire telephone circuit  , the time during which voice signals are actually sent on each transmission channel is 30 - 40 % of the time on average .
In a backward direction  , it checks the validity of HEC signal for signal receive through the same procedure and discards the cell if unrepairable error is detected .
In a Bidirectional SHR ( BSHR )  , as shown in &lt; Fig.1.70 ( b ) , working traffic travels in both directions over a single path that uses the two parallel communications paths ( operating in opposite directions ) between the nodes of the ring ( e . g . , between Node 1 and Node 3 ) .
In a bus type LAN  , the information sent from a terminal is broadcast in both directions on the bus , but only the terminal it is addressed to accept and receives it .
In a Bus type LAN each terminal uses the same transmission line ( called a bus ) to perform communication at the necessary time with the necessary party .
In a car phone system  , the counterpart to a subscriber 's line is a radio link , radio is not continuously connected .
In a case where the VC - 32M CODEC is connected with another digital video transmission system  , such as the interframe VC - 1.5M CODEC , a digital interface can provided by replacing one panel .
In a cell that has a hexagonal shape  , there are six neighboring base stations in relation to the center base station .
In a clear sky  , noise is caused by atmospheric gases and space .
In a data packet  , there is a transmit procedure field and receive procedure field .
In a digital network  , as long as digital signal are once multiplexed , switching and multiplexing levels without demultiplexing into individual channels .
In a digital system speech pauses are encoded with a particular data pattern and transmitted at the same power level as active speech .
In a distributed system  , consistent time stamping is difficult .
In a fixed distribution area when capacity reserve is greater than or equal to a capacity level to determine facilities expansion  , the area is regarded as requiring facilities expansion , that is , attention area needing a capacity increase .
In a fixed distribution area where a common distribution area is established  , the number of pairs for the lead - up cable must be the sum of the number of pairs corresponding to demand in 10 years , the number of auxiliary wires and that of the link auxiliary wires leading to fixed distribution areas downstream .
In a forward direction  , it generates HEC signal from the first 4 bytes of ATM cell header and inserts it into the 5th byte .
In a four - fiber BSHR ( or 1 : 1 configuration )  , a second communications ring , separate from the first , is provided for protection , and working and protection channels use separate communications rings .
In a LAN  , individual terminals connected to the LAN execute separate functions through the high – speed LAN network that is load distribution .
In a land propagation path  , such as for a car telephone , most of the propagation paths have many complicated fluctuation elements , so the received electric field for the base and mobile stations is estimated using a method that applies many estimated results arranged statistically .
In a large transmission capacity microwave which two or more frequency bands are used  , it being uneconomical to construct antenna feeder system for each frequency band , common use of an antenna feeder system for multi - frequency bands is desired .
In a modern digital switch the cost of the switching matrix itself is relatively insignificant .
In a non - revertive mode  , services are not switched back to the working system even after the failed working system has been repaired .
In a plesiochronous digital hierarchy  , asynchronous multiplexing is carried out when the signal in one hierarchy is multiplexed into the hierarchy of the next phase .
In a propagation path that contains many complicated fluctuation elements  , it is almost impossible to logically calculate the received electric field from the propagation path configuration .
In a receiver the received signal is converted by a converter into its original information  , which is then delivered to the receiving party .
In a revertive mode  , services carried by protection system are switched back to the working 'system once that failed working system has been repaired .
In a rural network high availability is desirable  , because the system is likely to be installed at a severer conditions than a ordinary system .
In a satellite channel employing FEC coding  , 112 bits out of 128 bits are information bits and the remaining bits are 15 check bits and one dummy bit .
In a satellite communication link  , the influence of atmosphere , which causes distortion in the receiving signal , is small , so link quality can be determined just from the link 's C / N .
In a satellite communications system  , the transmitting output power of the satellite is generally restricted and frequency modulation is employed .
In a satellite mobile communication system  , there is little communication equipment on land so that chances of the system being damaged by natural or man - made disasters are small .
In a synchronous digital hierarchy  , synchronous multiplexing is carried out when the hierarchy signal is multiplexed into STM - n signal .
In a TDMA frame at the satellite  , the time interval between the Start of TDMA Frame ( SOF ) and the last symbol of the unique word of RB1 is predetermined by the Burst Time Plan .
In a telephone network  , an allowable loss is allotted to every stage of the network .
In a telephone or telegraph network  , all instruments are connected to the exchange office equipment by cables or wires , through which any can be connected to any other as requested .
In a totally integrated network voice signals are digitized at or near the source and remain digitized until delivered to their destination .
In a traditional public network  , communications require more than the installation of a telephone and an exchange .
In a two - fiber BSHR  , working and protection channels use the same fiber with a portion of bandwidth reserved for protection .
In a VSAT station  , where the noise temperature in the receiver is high , antenna noise can be ignored , but in a large scale earth station , such as the standard A earth station in the Intelsat system , high - performance receivers are used , so effect due to antenna noise is large throughout the entire system .
In above case  , the transmission bandwidth is BT = 2B , but increase equivalent bit rate to Rb . equi = ( log2M ) / T = n . Rb .
In absolute coding  , simple error correction equipment can achieve high performance .
In accordance with digitization of information  , communication method has been digitized as well .
In accordance with the noise characteristics of the FM transmission system  , the signal is transmitted with a specific frequency response given in advance , and the inverse response is given at the receive side to restore the original signal .
In actual applications  , even if the optical fiber experiences low loss of 0.2dB / km , low loss characteristics is not utilized fully because of the increase in connection loss and material distribution .
In actual circuit design  , determining the relation between rain intensity and probability , that is the intensity , attenuation , and distance radio waves pass through rain , takes too much time , so the characteristic relationship between attenuation and probability shown in Fig 4.5 is used .
In actual circuit design  , most of the procedures used do not determine specifications and calculate the amount of noise and interference .
In actual circuit design  , the earth station should be placed so that minimum interference occurs , with C / N interference minimized by the use of antennas with good side - lobe characteristics .
In actual circuit design  , the input offset is about 4 – 8 dB , with 2 – 5 dB of output back - off .
In actual design  , the appropriate specifications for the earth station are determined first , and the receiver C / N are determined from them .
In actual facilities  , the feeder system is designed to have losses of 1 – 2 dB at the earth station , and 1 dB or less in the communication satellite , .
In actual practices  , handoff processes often fail and accordingly there is the need to improve the success rate of handoff .
In actual satellite communications  , only limited combinations are employed .
In actual system  , random selection of 220 distributed frequencies can be selected by combination of code according to each frequency transmission information .
In addition  , a satellite link can be constituted by using the same frequency band allocated to a terrestrial radio relay link .
In addition  , as a first step in realizing the AIN Release 1 , bellcore issued generic requirements for the Release ( AIN 0.1 ) in March 1992 , which builds on existing IN implementations and represents the AIN release expected to be available in the 1993 - 1994 time - frame .
In addition  , contour parts in the picture , which are abrupt areas of brightness change between elements , occupy a small area in all the picture elements , except for a particular scene , such as a test pattern , some commercial film , etc .
In addition  , if some mechanism is provided to automatically verify all the routes of the service logic tree it would also simplify the procedure of testing .
In addition  , it is very important to make use of network resources such as speech - paths with the maximum efficiency .
In addition  , one FE cannot be split between two physical entities ; the functional entity is mapped entirely within a single physical entity .
In addition  , scalable solution of SCPs is possible by enhancing the capabilities of SCPs , i . e . by replacing the computers to the most advanced ones then available , keeping the already - developed software in changed .
In addition  , telstra and Ericsson Australia are performing field trials of line based services specific to subscriber lines such as selective call forwarding and selective ringing using Ericsson 's SSCP systems .
In addition  , they are implementing standard software building blocks based , for example , on SIBs for CS - 1 .
In addition  , though CCAF functionality is not explicitly modeled in the BCSM , a mapping is required between access signalling events and BCSM events , for each access arrangement supported by a given Capability Set .
In addition  , very efficient database or directory system would be needed .
In addition  , a function of commonly providing circuit mode services and packet mode services .
In addition  , a large capacity system with narrow ( 12 , 5 kHz ) channel separation was introduced .
In addition  , a switch open / close control device is required in order to add TH - TDM to the DS system .
In addition  , a wider transmission bandwidth requires a higher transmission power .
In addition  , adjusting operations , which were required because of the use of analog circuits , are no longer necessary .
In addition  , after passing through two decimators , the long code data rate decreases to 800Hz through the use of timing control MUX , the circuits are described in Figure 3 - 20 .
In addition  , air density distribution is affected by meteorological conditions , so the propagation route often changes , making the actual propagation distance longer or shorter .
In addition  , as ATM layer performance management , there are a forward monitoring function , backward reporting function , and monitoring / reporting function .
In addition  , as ATM layer performance management , there are a forward monitoring function , backward reporting function , and monitoring / reporting function .
In addition  , as frequency increase , usable bandwidth also increase .
In addition  , as has mentioned previously , due to their low loss characteristics , their initial installation cost as well as maintenance and repair cost are low because they require less number of regenerators .
In addition  , as multiple access technology for one - to - multiple communication , there are TDMA , SCMA , WDMA , and FDMA .
In addition  , as the type of telecommunications services offered become more varied , a wide range of terminal type , one of the three important parts of telecommunications network , namely , terminal , transmission , and switching facilities , are now used widely .
In addition  , at INTEROP @ MUC 4 = 91 , which was help in San Jose , California , in October 1991 , a draft of the so - called RMON ( Remote network MON Motoring ) MIB was announced .
In addition  , atmf plants to organized the MPOA ( Multiprotocol over ATM ) group in order to establish the standards supporting the in the ATM network around Feb . 1995 , and are working for solving the early MPOA until the end of this year .
In addition  , bisdn terminal devices used for various video services have been successfully developed and used with high quality TV monitors and high sensitivity video cameras .
In addition  , black or slash lined area in the figure indicates valid information corresponding to the size of ATM cell .
In addition  , cells are classified for each output port by the control function and then , placed into the queue .
In addition  , commands to cease burst transmission are delivered to traffic stations whose transmitting bursts are out of position .
In addition  , control plane handles call control and connection control information , and user plane controls user information transfer .
In addition  , developers of network management tools can easily understand the architecture and can use it efficiently .
In addition  , digital implementations appear to have an inherent functional advantage over analog implementations .
In addition  , even if data attributes are different , the operating methods should be consistent .
In addition  , file transmission functions ( FPT ) and remote terminal functions ( TELNET ) can be combined with TCP / IP and used at the application layer .
In addition  , for the realization of time division switching , time switches for exchanging time slot and time - share division switches for exchanging spatially the time divided time slots are available .
In addition  , for voice signals , time division switching - has . been found to be more adequate and for , high rate video signals , space division circuit switching .
In addition  , functional characteristics differences exist according to ATM bearer service support types required by every UNI .
In addition  , g.802 has recommended the hybrid signaling hierarchy of 2.048 - 6.312 - 44.736 - 139.264 Mbps for meeting the standard requirements of the interface between signaling hierarchies .
In addition  , if input signaling element exceeds 4KHz bandwidth , fold - over or aliasing squeeze occurs .
In addition  , inter - office signals such as activation , answer , selection , termination , cut , and changing information signals are exchanged among the switching systems on the telephone switching network .
In addition  , it , by assigning the time of timer for the existing area , the MSC does not require to confirm the existing areas through the use of paging signals .
In addition  , it can operate a separate linked list in accordance with the discarding priority of cells .
In addition  , it can randomly select time array among PN time arrays available .
In addition  , it can transmit up to 43 Mbps during 16 VSB ( Vestigial Side Band ) .
In addition  , it carries out the information modeling related to the B - ISDN traffic management requirements of SG13 and the information modeling related to B - ISDN signals and performs the research activities for expanding a standard network management interface standard , q3 protocol so that it become suitable to B - ISDN .
In addition  , it carries out the information modeling related to the B - ISDN traffic management requirements of SG13 and the information modeling related to B - ISDN signals and performs the research activities for expanding a standard network management interface standard , q3 protocol so that it becomes suitable to B - ISDN .
In addition  , it carries out the inspection of faulty parts in order to recover the system operation into the normal state .
In addition  , it carries out the inspection of faulty parts in order to recover the system operation into the normal state .
In addition  , it differs with the existing telephone networks in that its billing system is such that calls are changed in proportion to the amount of information being transmitted .
In addition  , it handles PT or CLP section and executes ATM cell header generation and extraction .
In addition  , it initiates the recovery procedure by using the legal access recovery function once a security violation is generated .
In addition  , it is capable of providing broadband services such as a video telephone , video conference , and high rate data transmission . color facsimile and CATV , HDTV distribution , high sensor sound , video mail , video monitor , high resolution screen transmission , and broadband videotext .
In addition  , it is exploring switch - type virtual channel support between B - ICIs , recording technique for charging , operation procedure , physical layer addition such as E3 and SDH , new service support such as CBDS .
In addition  , it is suggested that increasing of efficiency by reuse the frequency of the nearest cell under the interference condition is satisfied without fixing the frequency reuse distance .
In addition  , it makes the activation of laser diode easy and accordingly , is ideal for high speed of transmission .
In addition  , it makes the re - transmission requests when errors are generated .
In addition  , it manages connections and network initialization .
In addition  , it monitors the status of call progress and quality and take measures against the signal attenuation .
In addition  , it prioritized the analysis of obstacles faced by software developer developing ATM application and middleware .
In addition  , it sends a VP - AIS ( VC - AIS ) OAM Cell to the downstream when detecting faults on the VPC ( VCC ) connection points and then , the end point at the downstream receives this and make it detect the faults of VPC ( VCC ) .
In addition  , it sends a VP - ASI ( VC - ASI ) OAM Cell to the downstream when detecting faults on the VPC ( VCC ) connection points and then , the end point at the downstream receives this and make it detect the faults of VPC ( VCC ) .
In addition  , it takes the advantage to achieve traffic shaping effect by buffering the cell with low priority in transmission delay .
In addition  , machine - to - machine communication such as data communications are now in service .
In addition  , momentary fluctuations in the received electric field are more complicated than for two - ray interaction because of interfering rays for multiple propagation paths .
In addition  , more transactions can be rolled back than in a lock system .
In addition  , multiplex option different from each other can be defined for optimization by the different service option and also , specific multiplex option may accommodate only some of service option .
In addition  , narrow band services and broadband services are offered at the same time .
In addition  , North American signals can be combined with European signals during synchronous multiplexing and the reverse process is possible as well .
In addition  , pauses can occur even between words and between sentences .
In addition  , physical layer and multiplex sublayer are used to transmit the frame ( or partial frame ) for user application .
In addition  , protocols that did not originally support TCP / IP , such as FDDI , Apple Talk and DECnet , have started to support SNMP .
In addition  , pti values are used to classified end points and segment F5 flow .
In addition  , pti values are used to classify end points and segment F5 flows .
In addition  , required channel bandwidth is proportional to symbol rate and accordingly , the reduction of signaling rate means that the smaller channel bandwidth can be used .
In addition  , return sections are not included on the subscriber circuits of the telephone network whereas in the case of circuit network , return sections are included on the subscriber circuit section .
In addition  , right after initial acquisition the propagation time is always changing due to movement of the satellite from the geostationary position .
In addition  , SDH devices , as shown in &lt; Fig . 1.51 &gt; and &lt; Table 1.11 &gt; , should be capable of accommodating input jitters .
In addition  , several overhead allocations are possible .
In addition  , since all the pilot signals use the same types of codes , the mobile unit can search out a corresponding timing synchronization signal by carrying out the tracking of entire code phase only once .
In addition  , since d ( t ) = ± 1 , d2 ( t ) becomes 1 .
In addition  , since the digital transmission line experiences less level change than the analog transmission line , the transmission loss of lines can be set smaller .
In addition  , since the transmission delay of the network experienced by each cell is difference from that of each other , when the variation width of delay becomes larger by the cell unit , the service quality of application requiring real - time process drops rather dramatically .
In addition  , since the transport capacity can be easily changed by changing the time duration of transmission / reception , this system has the advantage of flexibly accepting changes in the line setup .
In addition  , such poles and associated guys obstruct road traffic and fire - fighting activities in some cases .
In addition  , the access type up to ONU ( Optical Network Unit ) to which RT and optical signals are terminated is called distribution network .
In addition  , the access type up to ONU ( Optical Network Unit ) to which RT and optical signals are terminates is called distribution network .
In addition  , the addressing method of implementing multiple IP subnets in one ATM network is included in the subject .
In addition  , the antenna may not be installed properly , and therefore , the execution status of power down registration is more unclear than the case where vehicle telephones are used .
In addition  , the ATM switching network should be capable of preserving the transmission order of cells on a network and should have an excellent switch modularity and expandability .
In addition  , the augmented banyan , clos , and parallel banyan , and re - circulation systems are available ( illustrated in Figure 4 - 6 ) as the elements of multi - path system proposed in order to solve the internal blocking problems of a single path .
In addition  , the basic MTU ( Maximum Transmission Unit ) size of IP packet used in ATM AAL5 are specified in RFC 1626 .
In addition  , the CDMA system can use error correction codes with high redundancy .
In addition  , the combined use of open loop and closed loop power control methods provide the function of controlling at a great speed the wide range of dynamic are and power .
In addition  , the communication satellite must be designed to output the maximum level when the specified received power is inputted .
In addition  , the corresponding computer should be installed with programs so that this type of change capacity function can be carried out .
In addition  , the degree of this infiltration varies with wavelength , resulting in the length of propagation routes changing become wavelength ( the longer the wavelength is the greater the infiltration becomes resulting in long propagation route ) .
In addition  , the demand for services such as video telephones , high resolution screen transmission , high rate data transmission , video monitoring ; Video retrieval service , and broadband video text is on the increase as well .
In addition  , the designing of a link for satellite communication , must consider the balance between performance of each unit of equipment and the interference it can cause to other communication circuits .
In addition  , the distance difference between the adjacent transmitters and transmitter carrying out the communication may cause problems .
In addition  , the documents allocated 32.768Mbps to H21 , 43 45Mbps to H22 , and 132 138.240Mbps to H4 .
In addition  , the first design guidelines for underground distribution were stipulated in 1955 as standard practice B60.00 , design guidelines for local underground distribution .
In addition  , the frame structure of physical layer was made to follow STM - 1 frame structure or the flow of pure ATM cell .
In addition  , the handoff process fails even when the corresponding mobile unit wrongly receives the channel transfer command .
In addition  , the interface among several function blocks is defined with reference points .
In addition  , the interference of the path loss from a mobile unit of neighboring base station to center base station follows the four time multiplication law .
In addition  , the ISDN is a network capable of processing the above integrately .
In addition  , the LAN emulation service provides the VPN ( Virtual Private Network ) function with which the end system can form one logical LAN via the ATM network regardless of the physical locations .
In addition  , the line network set up , transmission loss distribution , numbering plan , and billing related problems must be designed in accordance with the users ' needs .
In addition  , the loopback , too , can be adjusted so that it is generated on a certain connection point .
In addition  , the maintenance and repair desk is used for changing dial numbers , relay paths , and service functions .
In addition  , the method of encoding previous data is similar to the method of modulating carrier suppressed rectangular waves of CW ( Continuous Waves ) signals .
In addition  , the mobile unit A - keys used in the analog / CDMA mode and a group of shared secret data .
In addition  , the mobile unit can only receive some of slots through the use of the commands of paging channel slots .
In addition  , the modified switches to which the algorithms used to avoid the output collision are added , that is , the three phase banyan switches that Hui and Arthur have proposed , the reservation - based banyan switches , and the feedback - based banyan switches that Degan has proposed are the examples .
In addition  , the newly developed switching system provided the flexible control by enabling the users to change only the software to offer new services .
In addition  , the number of cells is calculated in order to find out the number of cells that have been lost or wrongly inserted .
In addition  , the number of cells is calculated in order to find out the number of cells that have been lost or wrongly inserted .
In addition  , the number of DSI modules required becomes smaller .
In addition  , the overall items of system structure and functions will be described as well as items related to the designing of CDMA System .
In addition  , the performance data can be further classified into physical layer and ATM layer data .
In addition  , the physical layer rules of UNIL interface surface are described in I.432 in detail and principles and functions of OAM are regulated in I.610 .
In addition  , the pilot signal strength is used to determine the mobile unit when the call switchover is requested or when a new base station is scheduled to be established .
In addition  , the plan must be so made as to install the underground distribution in cooperation with CAB and electric power companies .
In addition  , the reference station and traffic stations have their own clocks with different frequencies for signal processing , so that there exist differences in burst transmit timing among different stations .
In addition  , the required band - with has been considerably reduced due to development of the phase shift keying ( PSK ) system .
In addition  , the requirements for digital interface devices in relation to the meaning of bit stream bit are as follows :
In addition  , the research on new services that fully meet the users 'requirements is under process .
In addition  , the research on the duplication function distribution algorithm using the multiple points is being carried out rigorously for the designing of large capacity switching system .
In addition  , the road should allow easy installation work .
In addition  , the switching system at the time did not impose any restrictions on synchronization performed by the multiplexing function .
In addition  , the system can change the communications speed of each subscriber and converts subscriber codes and protocols for transmitting and receiving in the other of subscriber transmission control .
In addition  , the total interference from all the neighboring base stations is about the half of the total interference from other mobile units .
In addition  , the traffic descriptors of connection should be stored at points where no UPC is applied .
In addition  , the transfer characteristics of European multiplexing device should satisfy the specification shown in &lt; Fig.1.54 &gt; and &lt; Table 1.14 &gt; .
In addition  , the UNI signal protocols and signal procedures used to control SVC call are specified as a layer 3 function .
In addition  , the vocoder rate of 8kbps has been selected for operation by considering the capacity of the first generation of digital cellular system and PCN system .
In addition  , there are separate location notification and navigation alarm systems that use HF band ( 4 - 22 MHz ) Morse signaling for vessels on the open sea , these systems are operated globally under international treaties concerning maritime search and rescue .
In addition  , they are 2 – phase modulated by coded Walsh functions and 2 – phase modulated by digital information signals , which are interleaved and convolutionally coded .
In addition  , they are classified into a step index and graded index optical fiber according to the refraction ratio and shape of the optical fiber core parts .
In addition  , they are used to enable the mobile unit to use the analog FM system .
In addition  , this base station becomes the center encircled by several base stations .
In addition  , this causes the reduction of transmit output of a mobile unit by half .
In addition  , this type of fading in the 800MHz cellular radio bandwidth occurs approximately about one time per second when the speed of a moving vehicle is 1 mile / hour .
In addition  , to connect 155.52 Mbps using copper , wire , research on UTP - 5 had been implemented and was approved in July , 1994 .
In addition  , to prevent an excessive number of mobile units from making access requests simultaneously , the base station controls the access channel transmit rate of the mobile unit .
In addition  , transmission delay cause by the processing time in the switching system dose not exist .
In addition  , triple bit errors in one code block can be detected .
In addition  , TUG - 3 is obtained by multiplexing one TUG - 2 into seven TUG - 2s and then , attaching FOH in front of them .
In addition  , two pairs are modulated by digital information signals that have been convolution encoded , interleaved , and scrambled .
In addition  , unidirectional radio models may be used not as a pager , but to communicate with personal computers and other information systems .
In addition  , upon the completion of system access , the base station and mobile unit defines new timer 's time .
In addition  , using digital transmission techniques , various applications such as data transmission , facsimile , image transmission and so on will more easily be available .
In addition  , version 1.1 specifications were issued additionally in October.1994 .
In addition  , we have amplitude distortion due to the amplitude – frequency response in the FM transmission path of the receive system .
In addition  , when multiplexing signals , various types of control signals such as frame synchronization pulses are added to set up multiplexing frames these frame synchronization pulses are interleaved with a distributed type used in the North American Mode and concentrated type used in the European Mode .
In addition  , when the comparison is made with the same type of service class , the 3 sector analog base station provides 36 Erlang and at this time , entire bandwidth allocated is used .
In addition  , when the other base station that has reported the reception of mobile unit signal is wrongly receiving the signal of a different mobile unit that is using the same channel , located in another base station , instead of the mobile unit that has requested the handoff , the handoff process fails .
In addition  , when using MPEG - 2 , it can only send only about four small channels .
In addition  , with the advancement of data communication technology , communication systems and networks appropriate for computer processing appeared .
In addition as described in Section 8.4  , charge processing at the sending - side switching office demands special processing .
In addition six Points of Return ( PORs ) for GSL have been identified .
In addition SNMP is easily installed  , so its utilization has also been expanding rapidly .
In addition to  , if kr = w và v ( t ) = bk 1 , - 1 during pulse time of T seconds in formula , fsk type .
In addition to aforementioned advantages  , optical fibers have excellent security , safety , long life span , and durability respective to surrounding environment .
In addition to COhub demand  , the chain provides connectivity between hubs , the principal idea behind such ADM chains is to provide connectivity from special COs to two hubs .
In addition to functions provided by Class 0  , this class is also called the Basic Error Recovery Class .
In addition to polarized waves  , there are clockwise and counterclockwise polarized waves .
In addition to securing public safety and increasing the efficiency of railway transportation service  , business radios are used to improve tourist services .
In addition to TDM and FDM  , a wavelength division method ( WDM ) that modulates several optical carriers having different wavelengths into separate electrical signals and then , sending them via one optical fiber is available .
In addition to the above  , the digital interface device should be equipped with the functions of reporting bi - polar error , and the generation of excessive numbers of reframes and slips .
In addition to the above classification of the multiple access  , there is another classification based on whether the transponder is occupied only when a call takes place or is reserved so as to secure a transmission path , regardless of the existence of a call .
In addition to the above DS1 requirements  , the digital switching system carried out the following functions :
In addition to the basis call model  , AIN Release 1 also addresses the connection view ( abstract view of the circuit - switched connection ) , particularly for functionality applicable to the active phase of a call and to multiparty calls .
In addition to the CS - 1 capabilities  , ntt plans to implements some enhance capabilities , to support commercially required services , such as message store &amp; forward and out - of - channel user interaction .
In addition to the dialed digits and its own identification  , the MS 's service request signal also includes the class of transmission ( bearer service transmission speed , etc ) and range of the mobile 's service coverage .
In addition to the functions already mentioned  , the network needs a charge clearing function and a signaling protocol conversion function for interconnection to other networks , such as the NTT fixed network , KDD , NCC - M ( New Common Carrier for Mobile communications ) , and NCC - I ( for international communication ) .
In addition to the functions provided by Class 1  , this class provides function that multiplex transport connections into one network connection .
In addition to the functions provided by class 2  , this class provides error recovery functions that clear the network connection and reset it to recover from failure .
In addition to the functions provided by Class 3  , this class provides recovery functions for missing transport protocol data units , duplex reception and sequence detection .
In addition to the offset parabolic antenna  , which has one reflector , there are two other types in this category : one is the offset Gregorian type with a sub - reflector having an elliptic surface ; the other is the offset Cassegrain type with a sub - reflector having a hyperbolic surface .
In addition to the propagation loss  , radio waves used for satellite communications are influenced by such effects as absorption loss due to the ionoshere , atmosphere , and rainfall as well as external noise generated by the ionosphere , atmosphere , rainfall , and ground .
In addition to the properties of a nonsettable counter  , settable counters can also be SET .
In addition to the PSC  , a scheme that controls optical protection switching is needed in the 1 : N APS system .
In addition to the SNMP protocol  , snmp generally includes SMI ( Structure and identification of Management Information ) , which regulates the configuration of SNMP management and the method of identification , as well as MIB , which is a collection of information on managed objects .
In addition to the two radio system configurations show in Fig.2.21 and &lt; Fig.2.22  , a number of other configuration are in use .
In addition to these  , we have auxiliary structural parameters , eccentricity ratio and non - circularity ratio .
In addition to those elements of IN capabilities  , other capabilities are also utilized .
In addition to those there is digital modulation method such as pulse code modulation ( PCM ) .
In aeronautical mobile communications  , there are airport wireless telephone service for aircraft flying control and aircraft public telephone system for passengers .
In all other cases  , snmp serves as a protocol mainly by polling .
In an actual transmission line  , high - degree high harmonic components are not transmitted due to the band limitation .
In an actual transmission line  , however , the band is limited , so that the received pulse waveform with its bottom expanded .
In an ADM  , tsa does not process through traffic , whereas TSI does .
In an analog network the transmission standard is the 4 - kHz voice circuit .
In an analogue system they had been implemented using manual patching between the testing equipment and the test circuits .
In an area ( maritime area ) designated system  , the sending side LS ( Location Switching office in the PSTN ) determines the message billing index corresponding to the distance between the sending and receiving MA ( Massage Area ) .
In an ISDN  , a transfer rate of 64kbps is basically employed which is the transfer rate used upon digitalizing voice PCM systems and new services are recommended to be compatible with 64kbps switched digital connections .
In an ISDN where multiple terminals are connected to one interface  , it is necessary for terminal and the network to be capable to transferring message from each other without confusion .
In analog cellular systems today  , 6.25 kHz is the narrowest bandwidth to transmit one speech channel in telephone quality .
In analogue transmission  , the wanted signal entering the circuit is received at the other end at a level at least 10dB below that expected .
In analogue transmission of a telephone channel  , the unweighted noise power at zero relative level point , with an integration time of 5ms , exceeds 10 - 6 PWO ; .
In answer to these requests  , a report was submitted to the telecommunications technology committee in fiscal 1975 on a new distribution system developed from the feeder cable distribution system .
In any case  , these roads are extremely difficult to repeatedly dig up , so the multiplier to apply to calculating the number of cables to be installed on such special road is 2. .
In any cases  , poh is used for end - to - end communication between the points where corresponding VC is formed and unformed .
In application field requiring signal privacy  , the keypoint is moderate selection of proper bandwidth and transmission power per 1 Hz in used band should be minimized .
In April 1991  , the fist edition of the Japan Digital Cellular System Car phone Standards was published , to standardize , among other domestic interfaces , the radio interface , this is particularly important for mobile stations moving between systems .
In areas served by toll centers using four - wire switches  , local PEF cable was used with 0.32 mm conductors in 2 , 800 , 3 , 200 and 3 , 600 pairs within 1 km of the center .
In areas with heavy snowfall or cold weather  , choose locations where poles cannot be damaged by frozen water in shifting pipes .
In ASN . 1 abstract syntax is regulated by type values .
In ATM network  , the information sent from terminal is cellularized into digital signal so that network with processing speed about several Gbps can be implemented by switching or transmitting such cells .
In ATMF  , 5 types of cell error parameters are defined specially and based on these , two types of QoS ( Quality of Service ) classes ( regulated QoS class and unregulated QoS class ) are suggested for guidelines of traffic performance management .
In ATMF  , uni is classified into public UNI and private UNI for definition and this is a little different from the meaning used in ITU - T .
In ATMF UNI 3.1  , Appendix E , the differences in relation to Q.2931 have been compared with diagrams .
In ATMF95 - 0449 which are ATMF documents  , several standardized documents that have been list in the above are compared and then , analyzed in detail .
In ATMF95 - 0449 which are ATMF documents  , several standardized documents that have been listed in the above are compared and then , analyzed in detail .
In August  , 1993 , the LAN emulation group of ATMF completed DXI ( Data Exchange Interface ) specifications which provide the standard interface to connect non - ATM router , bridge , hub to ATM network .
In August 1978  , a 200 bps digital system that featured improved frequency utilization was introduced for use in the 250 MHz band .
In August 1989  , as the number of subscribers increased , the number of services increased and function became more advanced , ntt introduced a 1200 bps service .
In August of 1990  , expansion of this multi - area service to include all of Japan was completed .
In base station  , the performance can be increased additionally by using the digital data receiver .
In base station  , two or more of the receiving antennas are used for the space diversity receiving .
In base station  , two search receivers are used and ensures that the related receiver can always track and process the strongest time area signal by scanning the time area .
In BISDN  , information is transferred ( erred by the continuous flow of the packet having a regular size .
In bit interleaving  , the clock frequency of the output higher – order group signal is set in such a way as to be independent of those of input and output sides of the multiplexer operate with different clocks .
In block coding  , the information bits to the transmitted are divided into blocks , each of which contains k bits ; ( n – k ) parity bits are added to every block , and the resultant blocks , each of which contains n bits , are formed for transmission .
In both system  , the second - order groups has a channel capacity of the primary group .
In both the laws  , the number of quantizing levels is 256 because each sample is coded with 8 bits .
In call access  , the former is communication zone transfer and the latter is dependent communication zone type .
In case  , for example , of personal communication , even if the subscribed person registers at a terminal of a third party , incoming calls to this person may not reach the terminal when the terminal subscriber has activated call forwarding on an unconditional basis .
In case a redundancy type that considers bit decision when single narrow band interference measuring device is used for one or more frequencies generates error rate of 1x10 - 3  , it can be accepted as digital data value .
In case a signal is transmitted after it is turned into a higher level  , the following relationship exists among the transmission capacity , the number of multilevel and the signal speed :
In case bit decision in receiving end is determined as No.2 of the three according to the intended channel possibility ( J / N ) error rate of single channel interference measuring device is :
In case fo called mobile terminal not responding ( outside the service area or terminal power off )  , the incoming call is to be connected to a voice - mail server of forwarded to another terminal .
In case of 4800 kbps data rate  , each symbol is continuously repeat one time .
In case of 9600 kbps  , the interleaver consists of the matrix of 32 x 18 as shown the table 3 - 3 .
In case of Adjunct - based configuration  , a computer system needs to adapt itself to the proprietary interface of the exchanges .
In case of AM  , FM , pm each carries 's parameters like amplitude , carrier frequency , and related phares are modulated as followings proposition to information signal v ( t ) :
In case of ATM cell - based transmission  , this function is not required because a separate transmission frame is not provided .
In case of binary PSK  , if kp = p during pulse time of T second in equation ( 2.22 ) education ( 2.22 ) will be digital phase modulated signal .
In case of congestion of an SCP also  , appropriate measures should be taken at SSPs and STPs not to overload and possibly cause failures to SCPs .
In case of function sharing  , if a failure occurs at one SCP , the other SCP would take over the service data so that even if the data in one SCP .
In case of high call loss  , frequency is reused at the cell which has far distance than the shortest reuse distance .
In case of meta - signaling VC and general broadcasting signal VC  , vpi is assigned in UNI as shown in Table 1 - 5 .
In case of packet communication that communication request is random is random and bur stability is high  , even though a radio channel is shared will multi - user , the collision probability is poor .
In case of QPSK  , band pass filtering is done after modulation and modulation envelop is kept constantly , on the other hand in QAM , low pass filtering is done before modulation and power spectrum density as well as error rate is same theoretically .
In case of QPSK of M - ary PSK which is M = 4  , equation 2.30 is derived as quardrature types as .
In case of SCP failure  , routing for service messages should be made so that SSPs and STPs should not access the failed SCP .
In case of SDH  , the systematic multiplexing structure as figure which connects C , VC , TU , tug is necessary , but in case of SONET , only a simple multiplexing procedure which connects DS - m , VT , and STS - 1 is necessary .
In case of section cell  , there is no interference e except antenna direction and the interference from mobile station of other directions can be eliminated .
In case of signal that does not coincide with local reference signal like DS system  , local reference signal and unnecessary bandwidth after frequency multiplying are converted into signal identical to the local referency signal by covariance between local reference signal and undesired signal .
In case of SN - based configuration  , a switching system and a computer system are often combined into system .
In case of TDM  , the idle period of each channel is left alone because multiplexed signal is merely a combination of several independent channels .
In case of the SCP - based configuration  , exchange manufactures may either user their own computers or computers from other manufactures .
In case of TU - 1 ( TU - 11 or TU - 12 )  , it is multiplexed into VC - 3 and VC - 4 as the type of TUG ( Tributary Unit Group ) after being grouped into four .
In case of very low frequency  , the wave length is much higher than the height from surface of the earth to ionospheric layer .
In case that exchange manufactures pursue the SCP - based configuration  , the SCP software is adapted to the external interface of their own exchanges .
In case that more than two SCPs or other entities containing SDF share service processing  , it would be needed to keep the same data to be stored and synchronously updated for the same items .
In case that the LEC does not know the address of the ATM corresponding to the LAN end system to which it tries to connect  , it request the LE _ ARP to the LES and establishes a data direct VCC to the destination LEC after receiving the .
In case that this time difference is longer than the time of one chip  , several paths can be identified through the conflation .
In case that traffic is exaggerated temporary  , it is impossible to use adjacent cell 's channel under fixed channel allocation and the cell lose call .
In case the connected office is the tandem office  , 3 ) and 4 ) office the above are repeated for the connection of the terminating station and then , information such as terminating subscriber number is transmitted .
In case the diversity receiver is used  , the signals with the same information can be sent from one or more of the base station to MSC .
In case the mobile unit has failed to carry out the registration until the time of base station is expired  , the base station assumes that the mobile unit can no longer monitor the system or the power down registration of the mobile unit is unsuccessful .
In case the time slot 3 of the input assigned with calls must be connected to the time slot 17 of the desired output in order to explain the blocking in the digital network and the space end can provide the path from the input length to the output width  , time slot 3 and 17 must be exchanged with each other .
In case three receivers are used  , they can track and receive three different paths in parallel and get an output combined on diversity basic .
In cases of segmental relief  , routes outside the areas subject to expansion work way require several years to resolve traffic congestion .
In cases where Lead - up Cable Pairs is established :
In CDMA system  , the number of channel available is closely related to the call traffic distribution of neighboring base stations .
In cellular system  , it needs to be determined that number of cell size by considering the geographical , radio wave propagation , traffic , and so on … ...
In cellular system  , when mobile unit give a call and send control signal that requests channel to base station , random access is used .
In Chapter 1 of the Outline of Digital Switching  , we are going to study how digital switching is performed .
In Chapter 2 we are going to examine specific techniques used for the switches of digital exchanges and in Chapter 3 we going to study some concrete examples of digital exchange configurations .
In choosing the chrominance sub - carrier frequency fs  , it is necessary that the frequency interleaving effect should be obtainable for the beat between the sound frequency 4.5 MHz and the color sub - carrier f , i . e . , in the amplifying circuit of the receiver .
In clearing the call  , confirm that the message of the D – channel protocol is taken over as the message of No.7 signalling system and transferred again as the message of the D – channel protocol in the same manner .
In communication using the ionosphere  , the electric field changes all time , and sometimes , communication is made impossible .
In comparison  , in satellite communication systems , a large Earth station transmits at a high output power of between several hundred W through some ten kW , since the relaying distance extends to about 36 , 00km .
In comparison between WDM and SDM  , the price of optical multiplexer and demultiplexer is relatively low in case of long regenerating distance , and WDM is definitely advantageous .
In comparison with AIN 0.1  , AIN 0.2 adds an interface between SCP and IP and a variety of IP applications such as voice control of services are made possible .
In comparison with the electrical multiplexing  , the superiority is decided by the transmission speed ( bit rate ) and the number of regenerator .
In connection data transfer  , a logical channel is established and transmission speed .
In consideration of the change of MUF by day or by time  , it is usual to use lower frequency by 15 % than average expected value of MUF in sky wave communication .
In considering these factors  , the power of 7 , 500 pWOp of link noise is allocated to up - link thermal noise satellite intermodulation noise , down0link thermal noise and interference noise within the system .
In contrast  , analog transmission systems require special attention for control signaling .
In contrast  , analog voice is much more difficult to encrypt and is generally not nearly as secure as digitally encrypted voice .
In contrast  , signal impairment in analog transmission accumulates from one segment to the next .
In contrast  , the 1 + 1 USHR splits the signals onto both the working and the protection rings at the transmitting node ( i . e . , head end bridging ) , and the receiving node selects the best of two identical signals based on protection switching criteria .
In contrast  , the main parameter of quality in digital system is the error rate .
In contrast  , tsa introduces no delay and is less costly for added - dropped tributary signals than TSI however , the flexibility is on the drop side only and is limited .
In contrast to an overload satellite channel  , a satellite channel in ordinary conditions is called a normal satellite channel .
In contrast to FDM circuit increase continuously the noise in inverse proportion to received input signal  , pcm circuit has a superior characteristic without increasing the noise within the threshold level though having a proper noise due to the mode .
In contrast to the dedicated approach  , the broadcast approach builds a fiber span from each special CO to its home hub and broadcast signals to the foreign hub .
In contrast to the inter network interface focused so far in ITU - T standardization  , in standardization began with the focus on the interface between exchanges and service control systems inside one network .
In contrast to the single - Homing approach  , the dual - homing architecture designates two hubs . ( a home hub and a foreign hub ) . for each special office requiring higher survivability against hub failures .
In contrast to the structure of multi - mode optical fibers determined by the above mentioned four parameters  , the structure of single of single mode optical fibers is determined by three parameters , the mode - field , parameter , outer diameter , and cut - off wavelength .
In contrast to this  , most streets in Japan are lined with rows poles , which mar the appearance of towns and cities .
In conventional satellite communication circuits  , frequency modulation ( FM ) was used most frequently , but as the time requires to digitalize the communication circuits , more digital modulation systems have come to be adopted .
In conventional ship communication using shortwaves  , there are restrictions in allowable communication time interval , coverage and circuit quality .
In convolutional coding the exclusive of of code input bits and some preceding bits are calculated ; the result are used as output bits for transmission .
In coupling optical fibers with light receiving devices  , fibers with greater Nas , the GI type , suffer greater coupling loss due to the wider spread of light beam than the SM type .
In cross talk characteristics  , stalpeth cable is inferior to local CCP cable by about 7 db ( within a quad ) .
In CS - 1  , information flows between functional Entities are defined in terms of the Distributed Functional Plane .
IN CS - 1 Application Protocol and application entity procedures .
In CS - 1 represent a subset of the long term capabilities of IN .
In current satellite communication circuits  , internal noise in the receiver produces the major element of noise , so other factors are given lower importance when estimating economy .
In data communication  , however , code errors should be strictly avoided and all data must be transmitted correctly .
In data communication  , when an error takes place at the receive side , the receive side requests the errored information frame to be retransmitted using either of the following two methods :
In data communications  , the communication between two subscribers is not carried out automatically even if the communication line is electrically connected .
In defining the initial set of IN standards  , referred to as CS - 1 , ITU - T took the combined top - down and bottom - up approach as shown in Fig.2 - 2 .
In delay detection  , carrier re - generation is not necessary and carrier sync code is 1 code because receiving wave is to be reference wave for detection by making 1 code time - delay .
In demand refreshing  , channel errors are detected at the receiver by indentifying parity information bits ( 8 bit / frame ) between the sending frame memory and the receiving frame memory .
In demodulation by coherent detection  , phase ambiguity exists in the recovered carrier .
In design of CDMA system  , it is very desirable to maximize the number of users who are calling at one time in the assigned bandwidth .
In design of the subscriber line  , to make it economical as possible different conductor gauges are combined so DC resistance line loss are within limited values .
In designing an aerial subscriber line  , it is most important to determine the number of cable - wire pairs and decide the locations of wire - reduction points .
In designing line facilities  , demand in five years or ten years determines the capacity of facilities .
In designing optical - fiber cables  , it is required to minimize the degradation of characteristics as much in the processes of manufacturing , cable laying and service - in .
In designing specific construction  , based on distinct recognition of its purpose , taking into consideration its budget , conclusions reached at a designing conference , designs of relevant construction circumstance , the design must be worked out with due regard to the following items .
In details  , the collection of the first , the fourth , the seventh row of STM - 1 section overhead becomes the section overhead of STS - 1 , and the usage of the components is same in both cases .
In determining the cable route  , places where there is a danger of flood or of landslide should be avoided .
In developing our pager systems  , we are now focusing on creating more compact machines with a larger capacity and greater efficiency , using breakthroughs in semiconductor and systems technologies .
In digital exchanges  , highways with small degrees of multiplexing are not connected directly to the time switch .
In digital exchanges  , it is necessary to provide each ( 1 ) - with a number of functions possessed by the common trunks in analog exchange , since the digital network switch does not pass high - power signals or DC current .
In digital microwave radio - relay systems  , regeneration repeating is usually employed .
In digital modulation  , the modulation schemes corresponding to these three elements in particular are respectively called amplitude shift keying ( ASK ) , frequency shift keying ( FSK ) and phase shift keying ( PSK ) .
In digital speech signal transmission over a PSTN  , and ordinary PCM with a bit rate of 64k bit / sec is used for one channel in which a speech signal is transmitted with bandwidth of 300 to 3400 kHz , so speech coding and decoding are simply accomplished with an AD / DA converter .
In digital switches  , the network switching operation itself is performed at high speed on a time division basic .
In digital switching  , the switching network sub - system is designed to be electronic therefore electromechanical components as used in conventional analog switching need not be driven , the number of switches , and such peripheral controllers as the switch drive circuit are greatly simplified .
In digital system pagers the signal processing can be implemented in a single IC chip  , which contributes greatly to miniaturization .
In digital systems  , speech signal is coded before modulation , and decoded after demodulation .
In digital transmission  , there is a break in the digital signal ( i . e , there is a loss of frame alignment or timing ) ; .
In distributed data base each schema is classified into a global schema that responds to the entire network and a local schema for the distributed elements .
In each bulletin board file  , there are maximum 20 sub - files in each of which maximum 99 messages may be stored .
In each dedicated interface  , the terminal and interface are interconnected on a 1 : 1 basic , but in the ISDN interface the terminal and interface can be connected on a 1 : n ( n &lt; = 8 ) basis .
In each mode  , one AAL - SDU corresponds to one or more SSCS - PDUs , and , in special , several AAL - SDUs may correspond to one SSCS - PDU in the message mode .
In each packet  , there is the address of a terminating terminal called terminal ID .
In each satellite transponder  , two reference bursts , rb1 and RB2 are placed , based on the SOF , as a timing standard .
In each sub time switch  , only one bit of the 8 parallel bits per channel is written simultaneously .
In each TDMA frame  , the position of the time slot assigned to a burst transmitted from a traffic station is determined by the relative position of the burst in relation to reference burst .
In each type of network  , incoming dedicated circuits , outgoing dedicated circuits , and circuits for both incoming and outgoing purpose are accommodated so as to allow speech in both directions to be realized .
In earlier maritime satellite communication  , marisat system was operated as a company system . And then according to that INMARISAT was set and operated in 1979 , various service for telephone , telex , data , and marine rescue are offered .
In early stage of optical fiber development  , impurities causing absorption loss were metal irons , such as iron and copper , etc .
In EFCN  , the cell that congestion state is indicated is transmitted to a destination and the destination should notify this to source again , so proper effect cannot be expected .
In either case  , exchange manufacturers provide the whole system design and computer manufactures basically follow it .
In either case  , the service data should be kept up - to - date .
In either case  , as far as the transmission system is concerned , control information is indistinguishable from message traffic .
In either case  , it is executed through a voice channel .
In equation ( 2.9 )  , the waveform in the limit state where is made to infinitely approach 0 ( zero ) while keeping the value of A = 1 is called the impulse .
In Equation ( 3 - 2 ) and ( 3 - 3 )  , only interference by mobile units located in the same cell has been considered .
In equation ( 3.2 )  , is 2 / n , which is the phase difference between adjacent signal , and S ( t ) is the multilevel baseband signal , taking the levels of + 1 , + 2 , + 3 , ... + n into account .
In equation ( 3.8 )  , zo is not indicated as frequency function no longer and has only resistance element .
In equation 4.11  , GR - LR - NSYS Alex presses the characteristics of the receiver .
In essence the ability to regenerate a signal  , even at the expense of greater bandwidth , is almost a requirement for TDM transmission .
In essence these systems trade electronics costs at the ends of a transmission path for the cost of multiple pairs of wires between them . ( A trade that is more cost effective every year ) .
In Europe  , 64 kbit / s PCM signal of 30 channels are multiplexed to obtain a 2.048 Mbit / s primary group signal .
In Europe  , it was adapted the expanded bi - directional communication channel referring to American types , the operation of system was started by Nonth Sea countries in 1956 , but this system was 150MHz band hand operating access type .
In Europe  , the POSCAG format has spread to every country .
In Europe  , the Scandinavian countries ( Sweden , Finland , norway and Denmark ) developed a 450 MHz system with a small zone structure , a system called NMT ( Nordic Mobile Telephone ) - 450 , and have been operating it commercially since 1981 , stockholm and major cities in the region the introduced a new system , the NMT - 900 .
In fact  , if a single chip codec could be developed , the effectiveness of LSI use would be maximized .
In fact  , dm is well know as the simplest way for analog to digital converting .
In fact  , it is the most efficient and economical transmission medium of information currently available .
In fact  , ITU - T Rec . Q.709 specifies no more than 2.2 seconds of post dial delay for 95 % of calls .
In fact  , many standard circuits developed for use in computers are directly usable in a switching matrix or multiplexer .
In fact  , the first stages of digital switches generate first level TDM signals by nature - even when interfaced to analog transmission links .
In fact  , the service quality requirements are much dependent on the ATM service sorts , so such traffic control function as the connection permission control , used parameter control , and feedback control can be or not according to the service .
In fact  , these objectives cannot always be met by satellite links .
In fading channels with low E b / No values where pilot phase based channels cannot be provided  , this is the best way of providing high quality link .
In FDMA  , a number of carriers are usually amplified by one satellite transponder in common .
In FDMA  , a number of earth stations share one satellite transponder by dividing the transponder in frequency domain .
In FDMA  , individual earth stations transmit carrier with different frequencies but with proper guard bands to that these carrier frequencies should not overlap each other .
In FDMA  , the carrier sizes and carrier frequencies are predetermined in accordance with the traffic demand of each earth station .
In FDMA and CDMA the mobile transceiver diagram is same with base station as shown in Fig 2.33 ( b ) .
In FDMA and TDMA  , to generate the assigned narrow - band channel frequency , the synthesizer is used as shown in ( a ) , ( b ) of Fig.2.34 .
In FH  , hopping interval between frequencies and number of frequencies that can be selected are determined depending on location requirement for special purpose installation .
In field repeating  , every two , three or several fields are encoded .
In Fig . 1.3  , light is emitted from point A , reflected at point O on the mirror surface , and then arrives at point B .
In Fig . 1.63 the power detector monitors five or 10 percent of the optical signal  , and the OPSC initiates protection switching when the detected ' power drops below a preset threshold .
In Fig . 2.8 ( b )  , if or the NRZ on - return to zero gate function is assumed , no linear spectrum is present other than direct current components .
In fig . 3.18  , the information conversion process for each channel described in the above are summarized by means of graphs .
In Fig 2.8 ( a )  , generally the smaller the value of is , the farther the energy spreads to the high - frequency band , and , conversely , the larger the value is , the more the energy concentrates in the low .
In Fig 3.4.1  , the change of secondary constants value according to the frequency change as in the above as in illustrated .
In Fig.1.59  , an incoming optical OC - 48 is demultiplexed into a maximum of 16 STS - 3 ( 155.52 - Mops ) channels .
In Fig.2.10  , the call connection path of No.5 crossbar switching system is illustrated .
In Fig.2.12  , a sequential circuit employing the wired logic composed of logic gates such as AND , OR , and NOT , logic circuits combined by wiring to meet the requirements of the contact point circuit and memory circuit for storing past operation records and then , instructing the operation status are illustrated .
In Fig.2.14  , the configuration of the electronic switching system using the stored program control is illustrated .
In Fig.2.15  , the configuration of the typical dial switching system is illustrated .
In Fig.2.21  , a digital time division switching system made up of time and space switches are illustrated .
In Fig.2.6  , the switching process of time slots is illustrated .
In figure  , ( a ) , ( b ) , ( c ) , ( d ) , ( e ) , ( f } , ( i ) , U ) are same configuration of that as in ISDN .
In figure  , ( a ) indicates th . e general configuration of centralized type , and ( b ) indicates the general configuration of distributed type .
In figure  , the relationship between current onto the laser diode and its output is shown .
In Figure 1 - 6 ( a )  , svpi and Svci represent VP switching rate and VC switching rate respectively .
In Figure 2 - 14  , the TH / DS transmitter and receiver are illustrated .
In Figure 2 - 24  , the comparison results of the spectrums of BPSK and QPSK are illustrated .
In Figure 2 - 26  , the PSK signal on the input of Costas loop can be represented as follows when data is assumed to be carrying out the switching on ± π / 2 randomly during each data transition .
In Figure 2 - 26  , the QPSK signal f ( t ) can be obtained with the following equation .
In Figure 2 - 28  , the remodulation circuit of QPSK is illustrated .
In Figure 2 - 3 ( a )  , the CSLB algorithm is illustrated as a flow - chart .
In Figure 2.29  , basic signaling flow are illustrated .
In Figure 3 - 17  , the information bit ( I ) , frame quality indicator ( F ) , and the tail bit ( T ) are configured in table 3 - 4 in accordance with the transmission rate .
In Figure 3 - 3  , the mutual relationship of the jobs between study groups of the above , carried out to define the TMN standard for B - ISDN is illustrated .
In Figure 3 - 4  , the ARTM layer OAM flow is illustrated in the perspective of the interface between the user and network and in Figure 3 - 5 , the OAM cell types of F4 flow and F5 flow are depicted .
In Figure 3 - 6 the example of all the signals sent out from the base station via a sector antenna is provided .
In Figure 3 - 7  , the example of loopback application is illustrated .
In figure 3.17  , the process of generating voice signals from PAM signals using the spectrum is illustrated .
In Figure 4 - 4  , the illustration of a bus as a sharing medium is given .
In Figure 6.12 echoes are generated by a hybrid circuit ( open referred to as a 2 - wire to 4 - wire converter ) connecting a digital mobile voice - grade radio system with the public network due to imperfect impedance matching .
In Figure 9.2  , the Network Entily succeeds the prosperities of Entity in the upper object class ( Superclass ) .
In forward channel  , pilot channel signals are shared by all of its users , but this is impossible in reverse channel .
In free space  , only scattering would cause attenuation of radio waves .
In fundamental design  , the conductor diameters are calculated assuming that all cables are newly installed .
In future  , appropriate API ( Application Programming Interface ) may be made open so that the third parties sould even make their own service building blocks .
In future  , besides the continuous development of multiplexing and optical transmission communication engineering as like above , we would expect to develop the related engineering such as the transmission of digital subscriber and development of connection engineering , .
In general  , SCP - based configuration is applicable to services of global significance for which provision of centralized database and service control is desirable .
In general  , the ISPC is constructed together with the ITC .
In general  , analog systems can not be monitored or tested for quality while in service since the transmitted signal structure is unknown .
In general  , assigned VCI value is irrelevant to service provided through the VC .
In general  , each outgoing highway of the primary time switch is divided into the number equal to the number of the secondary time switches , so that a call , coming into the primary time switch , can go through to whichever of the secondary time switches .
In general  , it is economical to set up a feeder point attention location near the office in each fixed distribution area .
In general  , pcm circuit has a superior noise characteristics compared with the FDM circuit as like receiving example of radio signal as shown in the Fig . 3.4 .
In general  , psk modulation has the advantage that it can achieve a lower bit error rate compared with other modulation techniques for the same C / N , carrier to noise power ratio .
In general  , surface wave , direct wave and reflected wave , except sky wave , and called ground wave .
In general  , the equivalent circuit of the time switch can be represented as shown on the slide .
In general  , the required conditions for optical line code :
In general  , the switching network subsystem of a digital exchange consists of a subscriber line interface and a trunk interface which are separated by the central switching network subsystem .
In general  , the traffic control and congestion control function in ATM networks are basically divided into 4 stages : Network level control , call level control , burst level control and Cell level control .
In general  , to transmit by raising the transmission speed of TDM is economical in low velocity , and not raising the transmission rate for WDM is economical due to the rapid increase of the price or the number of regenerator in high velocity .
In general  , when the Earth station G / T is quoted simply , it is the G / T in the case of the antenna at the operating elevation angle in fine weather .
In general adjacent interference guard band is much smaller than the same interference guard band .
In general implementation planning consists of long – term planning  , medium – term planning and short – term planning .
In general radio circuits  , since both the transmitting and receiving antennas have some gain the actual ratio of the transmitted power to the received power is smaller than the free - space loss γ by an amount corresponding to the gain .
IN has a possibility to flexibly control individual speech paths corresponding to individual parties .
IN has been studied all over the world for objectives such as rapid introduction of new services  , provision of advanced services , and support of multi - vendor environment .
In hierarchical network with these levels  , alternating routing consisting of high usage routes and alternate routes is used .
In high - speed digital transmission via a satellite such as in TDMA  , burst synchronization with extremely high accuracy is required .
In individual cases  , comparative examination is necessary .
In installation design  , therefore , it is necessary to finalize the diameters by reviewing those obtained in the fundamental design with consideration given to the existing cables .
In installing an underground plant  , underground cables must meet 5 years later demands .
In INTELSAT DSI  , four connection procedures are sent out for assignment of satellite channels to international channels .
In INTELSAT DSI  , input terrestrial channels are renumbered in the module .
In INTELSAT DSI  , the ( 24 , 12 ) Golay code which is a powerful FFC code is employed to protect assignment messages from transmission errors .
In INTELSAT DSI  , the DSI gain is so determined that the proability of such competitive clipping should be less than 2 % .
In interframe coding  , channel error causes destructive degradation , since decoded errors propagate through the frames .
In interframe coding  , two additional information reduction techniques have been introduced to avoid picture quality degradation that occurs as the moving area grows larger .
In introducing as ISDN  , the digitalization of network and subscriber system , and the introduction of D – channel protocol and No.7 signalling system are essential .
In is also necessary to set up a radio channel every time a call is made .
IN is considered to be one of the key technologies for support of mobile telecommunications services .
IN is currently changing from the standardization phase to the implementation phase .
IN is listed as one of the study areas in EURESCOM .
In is therefore necessary to transmit to the exchange  , by radio , both the subscriber 's has picked up the handset .
In ISDN user – network interfaces  , it is very important to discriminate plural terminals by this competition control method to ensure terminal portability .
In its course  , ntt implemented the SMS functionality to allow customer service management in 1989 .
In its field trial  , the Deusche Bundespost Telekom ( DBPT ) implemented the following four services based on the IN platform .
In ITU - T I.371  , the using of UPC function is allowed as an option whereas ARMF UNI mandatorily requires that the UPC function be provided in Public UNI .
In ITU - T I.371 / Annex 1  , gcra algorithm is recommended to be used as the standard algorithm for PCR and CDVT , and for SCR and BT .
In ITU - T Recommendations 1.610 and ANSI Recommendations T1S1.5 / 92 - 029R3  , the OAM flow between the physical layer and ATM layer is described in detail .
In ITU - T Recommendations X.700  , the management functions of TMN are further classified into five fields in accordance with management objectives .
In IVD - LAN considered by IEEE  , the equipment is connected one transmission line multiplexed LAN channel and ISDN channel .
In Japan  , the NTSC color television system has been employed the standard .
In Japan  , ' S ' bit , that is , part of frame indication bits is used for this purpose , instead .
In Japan  , for example , the 250 / 380 MHz band been allocated for all system .
In Japan  , it is quite unusual for free to be no building or other obstruction over a wide range of flat land for such a distance .
In Japan  , research and development of an 800 MHz system for supply of a broad range of services throughout the country began around 1970 .
In Japan  , the Nippon Telegraph and Telephone Public Corporation ( the old NTT ) developed a city - wide system using 400 MHz and the latest available technology , but it was not commercialized due to frequency assignment problems .
In Japan  , the third – order group provides a channel capacity of 480 channels at a bit rate of 32.064Mbit / s in which five second – order groups are multiplexed .
In Japan  , where pagers will soon be retailed , a range of pager models , with diverse functions and price , will be marketed to meet the diversified requirements of pager users .
In jointing fibers with connectors as well as in fusion splicing  , it is important to correctly align cores of two optical fibers to be connected .
In July 1987  , ntt began a high - speed radio paging system in Tokyo in response to the demand for a paging system with higher performance that accompanied the diversification and sophistication in social information and entry of NCCs .
In land mobile radio communication  , the height of the mobile station antenna is generally low , is show in figure 2.12 , so there is almost no line - of - sight distance for most of the range between the radio base station and mobile station due to obstructions , such as houses , hills , etc . , in the propagation path .
In layer 1  , the echo control system is employed for control of competition among these terminals .
In line with the AIN  , Bell Operating Companies ( BOCs ) and other local exchange carriers ( LEC ) are actively working on IN implementation .
In M - ary QAM  , transmission bandwidth is BT = 2w but when M is increasing , error rate is also increasing and required more elaborating deflection in order to bind the signal adjacently phase FSK PSK .
In maintenance  , care must be taken to keep the insulation in good condition .
In many cases  , the ring have economic advantages over its hubbing counterpart , however , it may be more difficult or expensive to upgrade the system when the ring capacity is exhausted .
In many currently sued digital exchanges  , the network is capable of a range between 256 and 1024 multiplexing .
In many mobile network all over the world  , the IN technology is being applied .
In March 1991  , the UK , France , Italy , and Germany began using a POCSAG - based international radio paging service called Euro message .
In March of 1993  , ANSI TIE1.4 of the U . S , decided the use the DMT modulation method as the final specification on ADSL and then , combined ADSL - I and ADSL - II .
In maritime satellite communication  , all these problems are solved and high - quality , high - stability , versatile communication services can be provided .
In Mo.7 signalling system for ISDN  , mtp level 1 is designed for use as a both – way digital data link and enables 64 kbps switched connections .
In mobile communication networks  , a switching unit with a home memory that holds subscriber data is not necessarily equivalent to a call control unit for originating and terminating call processing .
In mobile communication system  , complex radio link control is necessary in order to communicate like we do with a fixed telephone system in which the useable frequencies are fixed and voices are the medium for call and respond need to special radio link control .
In mobile radio communication service  , the type of propagation path differs according to the type of service , so the propagation characteristics also differ broadly .
In mobile telecommunication  , it is required to accommodate many users as much as possible on limited frequency resources .
In mobile unit  , these all layers are included in one hardware and in base station ; they are distributed to several hard wares , that is they may be concentrated or not .
In more detail  , the bearer service can be said a service that transfers and switches information sent from terminals between two user – network interfaces , that is , between reference points S / T , regardless of the terminals .
In more detail  , the teleservice is a type of service provided by adding high – level capabilities provided by the network , terminals and others on the basis of the bearer service .
In most cases  , the subscriber 's primary long - distance carrier is selected as the RESPORG .
In most cases  , multi - path signal received by receiving end does not exert an influence because it is much smaller than required signal .
In most low - bit - rate coding methods  , the predictive filter is regarded as the above - mentioned modulation filter , and the prediction residual is residual as the sound source .
In motion compensating prediction  , motion vector information between frames is detected and transmitted .
In multi - mode fibers  , their transmission bandwidth is limited mainly by mode dispersion .
In multi - mode optical fibers  , light propagation speed differs from mode to mode .
In multi - mode optical fibers  , when the modulating frequency of the input is gradually increased , the amplitude of the output demodulated signal gradually decreases and it distance dependent because of the previously mentioned mode dispersion .
In multiple access it is necessary that the radio waves emitted from the individual earth stations should not interfere each other .
In must therefore be considered a universal protocol .
In NE  , depending on the function of each equipment , can include a different function respectively .
In neither case  , however , is the quality of an in - service channel being measured directly .
In North America  , the third – order group provides 672 channels at 44.736 Mbit / s multiplexing seven second – order groups .
In North America and Japan  , 64 kbit / s PCM signal of 24 channels are multiplexed to obtain a 1.544 Mbit / s primary group signal .
In North American  , they are used as the standard interface of 44.736Mbps system .
In not only a stationary picture  , but also in a slightly moving one , television signals have great statistical correlation .
In November of that year a multi - area service covering the Kanto  , kansai and Tokai regions for the 1200 bps , 400 bps and 200 bps systems was begun .
In NTT  , the reinforcement is given by covering coating - removed portions with heat shrinking tubes , etc .
In NTT  , various types of connectors , such as 3 one - fiber connector , as shown in Fig . 3.22 ( b ) , and a five - fiber connector as shown in Fig . 3.22 ( c ) which connects five - fiber flat optical cable at a frame are used .
In NTT DoCoMo 's current mobile telephone system  , a general signal is out putted through the paging channel provide in the mobile equipment .
In October  , 1991 , American Internet communication instrument vendor Cisco , Adaptive , Northern Telecomm , sprint and Bellcore held conference to discuss the possibility of ATM technology application under LAN environment , which became the origin of the organization called ATMF .
In one of the two cases  , 100 pairs made the connection to distribution cables at the feeder point by the 10 pairs , and in the other .
In one subsystem  , the location ( or maritime area ) of the mobile unit must be designated by the service ID number ( network identification number ) and the area designation number then mobile station number to make connection .
In open loop synchronization  , the burst transmit timing is determined by adding a suitable amount of delay to the receive timing of the reference burst .
In optical fiber communication  , light is transmitted through the fiber , confined within the core due to the total reflection phenomenon .
In optical fiber communication systems  , information is carried bay light .
In optical fiber communication systems  , the line - repeater span can be extended to some tens of kilometers : by combining low loss - wide - band optical fiber cables , high - output light - emitting devices and high - sensitivity light - receiving devices .
In optical fiber communications  , the following advantages of optic fiber are utilized effectively ; that is , optical fibers have low loss transmission and wide bandwidth .
In order achieve more effective satellite communications  , it is necessary to understand the transmission system , technologies and system configuration of the earth station system .
In order for the service requirement set out by the user to be represented by service attributes  , the communication channel function to be supported by the network through reception of the service requirement is represented by an applicable connection type .
In order for the space switch to operate  , it is necessary that the incoming highways should provide and equal degree of multiplexing and that time slot positions on the individual highways should be in perfect coincidence with each other .
In order not to drop the frame efficiency the clock synchronization needs to be inserted with high speed by short preamble .
In order to accomplish time slot interchange  , it is necessary to control the writing into or reading from the time switch for each of the time slots T1 , T2 … Tn .
In order to achieve bit synchronization  , clock pulses are regenerated from the received pulses train on the receive side .
In order to achieve such a performance  , it is convenient to allocate the overall noise of 10 , 000pwop to noise sources of the satellite communications circuit .
In order to achieve the quality objectives set out by the CCIR in hypothetical reference circuit of satellite communications system  , the INTELSAT has stipulated performance requirements for earth stations .
In order to achieve transponder hopping  , the RF frequency is changed by changing the frequencies of the local oscillators in the up and down converters according to the control signal of the synchronization controller .
In order to compensate for the large propagation loss associated with satellite communications  , the transmitter output must be as large as possible and a high power amplifier ( HPA ) is used in the Earth station .
In order to compensate this difference  , the practicable maximum communication distance is computed according to the direct route based on the establishment of the effective earth radius KR ( K = 4 / 3 in standard atmosphere ) ( refer to &lt; Fig.2.5 &gt; ) .
In order to control these age circuits  , m control stores are provided in association with the outgoing highways .
In order to cope this problem  , a succession of international radio conferences have been held since 1960 .
In order to cope with increasing traffic demand  , intelsat is planning to introduce the TDMA / DSI system in the INTELSAT V Satellites and follow - on system .
In order to decrease the local on maintenance personnel against the increasing amount of facility . it is necessary not only to design each equipment reliable but also to achieve high reliability in whole system .
In order to define a native ATM service  , defining an application program individual as an API - endpoint , the ATMF names the connection between the API - endpoint as the API - connection , and in order to describe the connection state , uses a one - shot state machine .
In order to do this  , it is necessary to use a digitally modulated carrier .
In order to efficiently utilize the frequency which is a limited resource  , the following measures may be taken :
In order to enable communication through more than one network  , the interworking function for providing the same connection type in these networks is essential .
In order to enable interworking in this case  , the connection types of the two networks must be the same .
In order to establish frame synchronization  , a pulse which indicates the beginning of the PCM frame is inserted into the multiplexed signal on the transmit side .
In order to evaluate the contribution of the interference to the total noise power  , it is necessary to calculate an equivalent C / N based on the ratio of a interfering and interfered with carrier levels or individual interference sources .
In order to expand the scale of the switching network  , use of a single time switch stage is not sufficient and it is necessary to compose a multiple stage switching network by combining time switches and space switches .
In order to express service functions supported by an ISDN  , the idea of service attribute is employed .
In order to facilitate interconnection with other messaging systems  , the MESSAVIA systems developed by KDD is based on the CCITT Recommendations of X.400 series .
In order to facilitate the standardization of communication protocol  , the idea of hierarchy in communication functions is introduced .
In order to generate one overload satellite channel  , bit stealing is performed form seven normal satellite channels .
In order to improve the dot quality in the sub - carriers  , the phase of each sub - carrier is shifted by 180 degrees for every third scanning line and even - numbered and odd - numbered fields , as shown in the following table .
In order to improve the S / NQ at low power levels it is necessary to reduce quantizing noise by reducing the quantizing interval .
In order to inform the receive side of the state of connections between input terrestrial channels and satellite channels at the transmit side  , three assignment messages are transmitted per TDMA frame .
In order to maintain communication links with high quality  , accurate tracking is continuously required .
In order to maintain uniqueness of DP names between the originating and terminating BCSMs  , o and T is prefixed to certain originating and terminating DP names , respectively .
In order to make the obtained information clearly  , we plot the necessary items on the map , such as the planned site and existing system information .
In order to meet user needs for wide variety of telecommunication services  , kdd has introduced an electric mailbox service ( nicknamed MESSAVIA ) on September 1 , 1986 .
In order to minimize the crosstalk  , electrical balance and shielding between circuits should be maintained .
In order to minimize the digital filter scale  , 4 fsc was selected as the best sampling rate .
In order to minimize the interference of near zones  , frequency assignment and zone pattern allocation are important .
In order to minimize the intermodulation  , it is necessary to operate the TWTA with a large back off from the saturation point .
In order to minimize this  , the beam width of laser diode to be used for light source should be 0.1 to 0.00001 times .
In order to narrow the bandwidth without marring the communication quality  , many improvements are needed in receivers selectivity , the frequency stability of transmitter and receivers , practical sensitivity and so on .
In order to obtain a signal with a good carrier - to - noise ratio ( C / N ) from a very weak signal received from the satellite  , the earth station receiving sensitivity characteristic ( G / T ) is must be large .
In order to operate a satellite communications system smoothly  , it is necessary :
In order to perform parallel access  , all memory areas of the time switch are first divided into uniform blocks .
In order to perform Sequential and Simultaneous switching regularly  , the color discrimination signal contained in the demodulated DB signal is gated by a rectangular pulse which is made from the vertical blanking signal .
In order to prevent such a situation from occurring on the receive side  , frame synchronization is required .
In order to provide a mobile communications service with simultaneous transmission and reception  , the radio channel ( speech channel ) used by a car phone employs a frequency band divided into descent ( transmission from the base station to the mobile station ) .
In order to provide a sufficient level of protection against errors  , a further 2 , 15 kbit / sec of error correction codes can be added , resulting in an optimum overall bit rate of 5 , 6 kbit / sec .
In order to provide high speech quantizing which practical application in mind  , the S / NQ should be kept constant in a wide range of signal power levels with a reasonable number of bits .
In order to put the data of subscriber A  , on time slot # 3 .
In order to radio transmission  , it has a carrier modulation process which converts RF pulse of radio frequency using frequency converter .
In order to realize these requirements economically due consideration must be paid in every stage of the engineering  , from manufacture to maintenance .
In order to recognize these troubles as soon as possible  , periodic tests are carried out to ascertain whether channel assignment is functioning in a normal manner .
In order to reduce the effect of this quantizing noise  , compressing and expanding signal processes are employed .
In order to reduce the information generated by coding  , it is preferable to choose the slowest possible sampling rate .
In order to reduce the proability of freeze - out  , several bits are stolen from some satellite channels to provide a new satellite channel by collecting the stolen bits .
In order to send signals to the satellite located 36  , 000km above the ground against the free space loss , a high - power amplifier is required .
In order to solve these problems  , it is needed to aggressively perform the following : replacing stalpeth cables with PEC cables suited for digitalization , employing PAT connectors and the CATS system for high quality and high reliability of cable junctions , building subscriber line networks based on the FD distribution system , and replacing CCP cables for improving serviceability .
In order to take full advantage of precision offset when the interfering carrier falls in the side band of the upper video range ( greater than 2 MHz ) of the wanted signal a line frequency stability of at least 2.10 - 7 is necessary .
In order to transmit a voice or TV signal through a satellite  , it is necessary to select the proper combination of signal processing in the baseband , modulation and multiple access .
In order to transmit communication signals faithfully  , the line should be distortionless .
In order to transmit three kinds of information simultaneously without interaction or distortion  , new transmission characteristics are required .
In order to understand this diffusion procedure easily  , the simple formula is described to make it easy to understand .
In order to write signals sequentially into the time switch  , the contents displayed on the time slot counter are arranged in the same sequence as the time slots and the addresses in the memory .
In order words  , the ISDN numbering plan includes the telephone numbering plan .
In order words  , the paging signal is broadcast to multiple D - AMS .
In ordinary access  , access needs to be accomplished twice in order to interchange one time slot – once for writing data into the time switch , and once for reading out data from the time switch .
In ordinary access  , writing and reading are performed alternately upon access to a memory in the time switch , as shown on the Fig 1.54 .
In other case  , mapping DS - 3 to SPE is same as the method of mapping DS - 3 to VC - 3 , but the mapping of SYNTRAN DS - 3 is provided additionally .
In other word  , the frequency component of impulse has as shown in Fig . 2.6 , a uniform spectrum where the amplitude is 1 regardless of the frequency .
In other word  , when the bandwidth of the signals to be sent is called BW , the critical sampling rate which is Nyquist rate , becomes Rmax = 2xBW .
In other words  , a terminal with a terminal identification number of 1 requests for circuit – switched connection .
In other words  , connection types are set out on the basic of the service attributes .
In other words  , the relationship between any communicating pair of functional entities in the model is defined by a set of information flows .
In other words  , the user - network interface defines the specification of connection between the terminal facility and network facility to enable the user terminal to make communication .
In other words  , users can be high – level functions provided by the ISDN , such as data conversion , storing and processing functions , or enjoy the transmission functions of the network by means of terminals provided with such capabilities , that is , intelligent terminals .
In other words  , a power equal to that obtained by combining an isotropic antenna with a transmission power of two hundred million W is radiated in the forward direction .
In other words  , control plane provides functions associated with call set - up , call observation , call release , etc .
In other words  , each channel is active for 30 - 40 % of the time .
In other words  , future developments are likely to lead to a speech coding algorithm with the following features :
In other words  , geometric optics only deals with the external phenomenon of light instead of explaining its basic properties ( wave or particles ) .
In other words  , if an amplifier with extremely low noise can be obtained , the antenna diameter can be smaller .
In other words  , multiple access is the method used when a transponder on the satellite is used in common by a number of earth stations .
In other words  , the bit rate corresponding to the Nyquist interval gives the limitation value at which the pulse transmission with that band is allowed .
In other words  , the demodulated waveform , So ( t ) , can be given by :
In other words  , the diameter should not be determined based solely on the line loss and determine - resistance calculated in the fundamental design .
In other words  , the n bits per 1 - signal point can be transmitted , and the speed of the multilevel signal is one - nth of the transmission capacity .
In other words  , the noise power ( Pn ) generated by a resistor is expressed as Pn = kTB where , k is Bolzmann 's constant ( 1.38 10 ^ - 23 Jouls / ºK ) , t is the absolute temperature ( 273 ºC ) and B is the bandwidth .
In other words  , the power spectrum becomes a continuous spectrum .
In other words  , the quantizing noise power is nearly constant , independent of the signal power level .
In other words  , the XPD value indicates the degree of interference with other systems when V / H polarization is used ; good characteristics are thus desired .
In other words  , they produce a sort of aural illusion of the original sound .
In other words  , when the transmission rate on the transmission path is the same , he QPSK can send 2bit information within a unit clock time , while the BPSK can send 1 - bit signal within the same time .
In others words  , allocate the common channel to cell group in advance and use them from the saturated cell group to unsaturated group according to the priority when the traffic is over maximum and restrict the other cell using this channels .
In packet communication  , information is not transmitted as it is , but is stored in an exchange , and divided into blocks ( packets ) of certain length ; each block is given a header containing the address of its destination and control information for being transmitted to the network .
In PAM that carrier is modulated by code  , power spectrum of [ ( sin x ) / x ] 2 is generated or higher peak power is required .
In particular  , CS - 2 is to be designed to evolve towards full support of FPLMTS ( Future Public Land Mobile Telecommucation Systems ) .
In particular  , if location - independent numbering plan is adopted or number portability is introduced and the number of service subscribers complicated task .
In particular  , it provides a framework for describing basis call and connection events that can lead to the invocation of the IN service logic , for describing those points in call and connection processing at which these events are detected , and for describing those points in call and connection processing when the transfer of control can occur .
In particular  , it was required to significantly change the software structure of the exchanges ( e . g . central offices ) to realize IN / 2 , which was not realistic .
In particular  , lower two planes of the IN conceptual model ( Distributes Functional Plane and Physical Plane ) for CS - 1 are thought to be very useful for actual implementable .
In particular  , multi - vendor aspects were first emphasized as already described .
In particular  , roaming of terminals and personal communications users over different networks would require different processing form that form fixed networks .
In particular  , technical requirements and advisories so far specified by Bellcore and BOCs in the field of switching and signalling are referred as the basis of the physical specifications of switching systems and their external interface .
In particular  , there are many service provided making use of calling party identification ( CLI ) .
In particular  , as a result of the mass production achievable through the recent progress in semiconductor technology , higher quality semiconductor elements can now be manufactured at lower cost .
In particular  , data signals must be converted to an analog format through the use of modems .
In particular  , introduction of high - performance earth station facilities for satellite communication to overcome deterioration of link quality due to propagation in space will provide a high – quality communication link , but a high – performance earth station is very expensive .
In particular  , its communication control system , through which multiple terminals commonly use the transmission line is closely related to the transmission medium and the network topology .
In particular  , the unique word detection timing of the reference burst and unique word identification are used for burst synchronization control .
In particular  , these measures are very useful in a radio system , because they are calculated by C / N ( Carrier / Noise ) .
In particular  , when the distance between the sending and receiving antennas is line - of - sigh , the direct wave will be the center of the wave path .
In particular  , when the Earth station transmitter shares the same frequency with the terrestrial microwave circuit , there is a possibility that a strong interference signal will mix with the signal of the terrestrial circuit .
In particular applications  , however , certain considerations may be more or less significant .
In particular stalpeth cable networks had come to be enormous facilities  , accounting for as much as 90 % of the subscriber – underground – line facilities as of the end fiscal 1970 .
In PCM communications  , some quantizing noise is unavoidable .
In PDM  , the duration interval of k th pulse transfer the sample value , in mathematically it is .
In planning an exchange area network or a toll network  , suitable transmission systems or suitable kinds of line plant should be selected so that the transmission losses stay within the allowable limits .
In point 4 of Recommendation 352 - 3  , site diversity is referred to .
In PPP  , all operations are divided into four phases and upon completion of each phase , a decision is made to determine whether or not to proceed to the succeeding phase .
In practice  , the predictive coefficients are not simple encoded and transmitted - is better to first convert them into other mathematically equivalent and stable parameters before coding , using techniques such as PARCOR or LR .
In predictive communications system  , the difference between the actual signal and the signal estimated from its past is transmitted .
In principle  , the network management maintenance and repair functions carried out on B - ISDN should follow the regulations and rules defined in M.20 , M.3010 , and M.3200 which are the network management recommendations of ITU - T .
In principle  , the user network control office is a telephone service office ( leased line center ) neighboring the user 's service and is the core user network operations .
In principle  , upc should be applied to all cells of the ATM layer except unassigned cells .
In proportional to this  , the difference of arriving time at output terminal occurs so that the sending of information to remote places ( several tens of MHz - km ) becomes difficult to carry out .
In pulse stuffing synchronization  , timing is set up such a way that it is a little faster than the speed of all the input signals .
In quantizing  , the amplitude scale is divided at regular intervals .
In radio communication  , electrical signals are converted by corresponding the signal voltage levels to one of three elements , amplitude , frequency , or phase , as shown in fig 5.1 .
In radio communication  , the mechanism of radio wave and the use of communication equipment are dependent to the used radio frequency .
In random control  , a control store is used for obtaining the memory address , and this memorizes in advance the relationship between memory addresses in the time switch and time slots .
In real operation  , bisdn differs greatly from ISDN ; the communication system of ISDN has characteristics of the combination of existing digital circuit communication system and packet communication system whereas BISDN employs ATM system that is entirely different from the above .
In reality  , however , there is limit of system capacity since very last hand off is required while a mobile unit making a call moves through different cell as the sizes of cells become smaller .
In reality  , some of the process described above are used together in the packet network .
In realizing the Wavelength Division Multiplexing transmission  , these are necessary as follows :
In receiving radio wave  , fading phenomenon is that the receiving field intensity changed timely .
In recent transmission systems  , electric power is fed through the cable to remote repeater stations .
In recent years  , demand has been increasing year by year for non - telephone services such as facsimile and data communication ; most of these new services require network digitalization .
In regenerative repeaters the noise and distortion is largely removed in the regeneration process  , and thus there is no noise accumulation .
In release 1  , all the channels whose value is 5 are reserved in VPCI for one - to - one signaling system .
In reserved access  , data are sent after reserving beforehand time slots for sending data packets ; this avoids the collision of packets , thus increasing channel utilization efficiency .
In response  , each computer manufacturer made a system to clarify the roles and functions of its hardware and software .
In response to requests for telephone service from airplane passengers  , which began increasing as soon as the airplane age started , public telephone service using magnetic prepaid telephone cards was introduced on domestic flight of large jet airplane in 1986 .
In response to this trend  , underground cable has been gradually introduced to areas in the order of priority necessary according to certain plans .
In response to this trend  , we have developed a card - type and a watch - type display pager offering good performance and convenient portability .
In reverse diffusion  , because it multiples with the same wave of the transmitted side , the reverse diffusion output z ( t ) is :
In RFC1212  , description and INDEX are clarified for MIB and more simplified than usual .
In rural network  , connection loss probability is more important than connection delay .
In satellite communication  , a parabolic antenna is normally used .
In satellite communication system  , therefore , one clock time is called a symbol .
In satellite communications  , radio waves travel through space , which is almost a vacuum .
In satellite communications  , since most of the wave propagation takes place in space which is a vacuum , the propagation loss can be considered to be equal to the free - space loss .
In SDH  , the pointer technique is used for synchronization .
In section 7.6  , these control functions are classified into ( 1 ) call originating and terminating from the mobile station ; ( 2 ) hand over during the call ; ( 3 ) security ; ( 4 ) location registration ; and ( 5 ) standby - operation of the mobile station .
In sequential control  , a time slot counter is used for obtaining the memory address .
In serial time slot interchange  , one time slot on one highway contains pulses of 8 bits for one channel .
In service deployment  , service logic program ( SLP ) together with service data is loaded onto the IN platform ( e . g . SCP ) possibly through SMS .
In service editing  , the service logic and data are described by combination of service building blocks such as SIB 's based on the requirements from customers .
In service verification  , the service logic edited is verified through simulation possibly with virtual interaction between IN equipments and users .
In setting up a Lead - up Point  , serious consideration should be taken to preventing removal of the Lead - up Point in the future , with due regard to being able to hang the maximum number of pairs of overhead cable ( 600 pairs ) maximum number of cable ( three cables ) .
In SM - type optical fibers  , on the contrary , the core diameter is extremely small , and there the outer - diameter alignment alone cannot help reduce loss due to core re - centering , thus needing further arrangements such as the core monitoring and power monitoring methods .
In small switching networks  , the time division switching network is capable of switching connections using only a single time switch stage .
In so doing  , certain transmission characteristics ( such as the phase response and impulse noise ) have received less attention than more noticeable voice quality impairments .
In so doing  , the ways of line installation and future area division must also be taken into consideration . When establishing a tentative fixed - distribution area . It is desirable to set up the feeder point attention a location usable as it is when finalizing the fixed - distribution area in the future .
In some case  , radio waves propagating tip and from communication satellites are influenced by the ionosphere in addition to undergoing the propagation loss due to long distance .
In some cases it is desirable to perform the collective expansion also for fixed distribution areas that will not require capacity increase within five years .
In some formats  , NTT 's and POCSAG are the most commonly used .
In some instances  , however , the features pertain only to all - digital networks .
In some interfaces between network subsystems control information must be converted from one format to another .
In some services  , terminals may be furnished with this high – level intelligence .
In Southeast Asia  , India , Indonesia , South Korea , Singapore , Thailand , Hong Kong , and Malaysia etc , offer the paging service by POCSAG .
In SPC  , a computer is introduced for controller and switching operation is performed as per the program or data stored in the memory .
In specifying the standards s for transmission mode and transmission quality  , the CCIT defines a hypothetical communications circuit with a specific composition , which is called the hypothetical reference circuit .
In standardization activities began in 1989 at ITU - T with the background of AIN activities in USA and emerging requirements for a variety of view services all over the world .
In STM - 1 signals  , the section overhead and pointer occupies a space of 9 x 9B .
In STM - n frame is classified by function type ; the regenerator section overhead and multiplexer section overhead are respectively applied to the regenerator section layer and multiplexer section layer .
In structural design of optical fibers  , some arrangements are made to protect them from side pressure ( for example , to provide a cushion layer ) .
In subsampling coding  , samples are encoded alternately and coded samples are arranged quincuncially .
In such a case  , a large DSI gain cannot be obtained and a large number of DSI modules are required .
In such a case  , base station having higher traffic are subject to less interference generated from neighboring base station .
In such a case  , input service signals become ATM cells when using a ATM communication system .
In such a case  , one of the stations ( usually one that has 4PBSA installed ) is used as the reference ( the first - stage central base station ) , and the waves transmitted from that station serve as the standard for ( the first - stage satellite stations ) .
In such a case  , the choice is generally made based on economical comparison .
In such a case it is necessary to fully examine which of following method is more advantageous : replacing existing cables with multi - pair cable that provides necessary capacity  , or installing a cable in the spare conduit to provide additionally capacity as necessary .
In such a medium  , there is very little matter which can attenuate the wave or deflect its propagation direction ; wave attenuation is therefore only caused by its natural spread .
In such cases  , there exists some active input terrestrial channels whose voice signals are not transmitted because of a failure in satellite channel assignment .
In such coherent optical communication system  , the most important factor that influences the communication quality is the phase noise of light source .
In such propagation paths  , the received electric field intensity is significantly different from the free space value .
In such the propagation path  , estimation of the received electric field is generally performed using statistical methods .
In summary  , digital systems allow control information to be inserted into and extracted from a message stream independently of the nature of transmission medium ( cable , fiber , microwave , satellite , etc . ) .
In summary  , the implementation benefits of a fully - integrated digital network are as follows :
In Table 2 - 1  , the peak value of the max , mutual correlation for these series are given whereas in Figure 2 - 18 ( a ) and ( b ) , the shift register structure used to make Gold sequence having the period of 511 chip and 1023 chip is shown .
In Table 2 - 2  , the modulator output of A / B channel is illustrated .
In Table 2 - 4  , the basic capabilities of ATMF UNI 3.1 are illustrated .
In Table 2 - 5  , a total of 21 different types of variable length information elements defined so far by ATMF UNI - 3.1 are arranged .
In table 2.2  , currently available switching systems and their characteristics are listed .
In Table 3 - 1  , the types of OAM cells of ATM layer and function types are listed .
In Table 4 - 1  , the performance goal of ATM access of Bellcore , that is , the transmission quality level to be provided by the ATM network to the users is indicated .
In Table 4 - 2  , the performance goals that must be provided by the network in accordance with the ATM user access speed or service classification are recorded in detail .
In Table 4 - 2  , the performance goals that must be provided by the network in accordance with the ATM user access speed or services classification are recorded in detail .
In TDMA  , a number of earth stations share one satellite transponder by division in time domain .
In TDMA  , bursts transmitted from traffic stations are controlled so as to be placed in assigned time slots at the satellite .
In TDMA  , carrier transmission from each earth station must be controlled accurately so that the carrier of each station should fall within the allocated time width .
In TDMA  , the length and position of bursts are determined in relation to the traffic demand of each earth station .
In TDMA  , the radio channel is redivided by periodic time slot , when requesting a call , it is assigned which slot of any radio channel will be used .
In TDMA  , the TDMA frame length is a multiple of the PCM frame length or 125us in consideration of adaptability to the PCM signal .
In TDMA  , the time axis is divided into given periods of time called TDMA frames .
In TDMA circuits  , allowance for back - off is not necessary .
In TDMA mobile communications  , the base station transmits TDM signal to the mobile unit in cell .
In TDMA the mobile station needs the function that sends and receives the signal by assigned time slot because it has no multi - divided function .
In telephone conversations  , the two converting parties seldom speak simultaneously .
In terms of feature interactions  , Ain 0.1 and AIN 0.2 define interactions between instances of IN service logic and existing switch - based feature logic on a feature - feature basis .
In terms of hardware  , Bell Atlantic is making use of the IBM RISC processors for ISCP ( Integrated Services Control Point ) and SCE .
In terms of physical interface between the network and third party service providers  , one possibility is to make use of ISDN UNI ( user to Network Interface ) .
In terms of service creation  , the public network could provide the service creation capability to a third party .
In terms of service requirements  , those for mobile communications and those for fixed networks are very similar .
In terms of service verification  , if real machine codes for the commercial IN platform can be used in the verification environment it is very powerful .
In terms of the capture area ( A )  , wavelength ( λ ) and aperture efficiency ( η ) , the antenna gain ( G ) can be expressed as .
In terrestrial radio system  , the distance between relays is some tens of km and the transmitter output is about ten W .
In that case  , atdm is a kind of statistical multiplexing that accomplishes time division multiplexing for ATM cells of several channels .
In that case  , flow control information is transferred through assigned or unassigned cell .
In that case  , if codes of transmitting and receiving sides are synchronized , phase split carrier is over 1800 and carrier is recovered .
In that case  , qos of VPC should assure the best one of VCC QoSs included in VPC .
In that case  , since circuit quality is determined by unavailability , it cannot be determined just by simple C / N calculation .
In that case  , the received power , PR , is expressed by equation 4.16 .
In that case  , the smaller one of the numbers requested by user and network is determined , assigned VPI field should be continuous being field from the LSB bit , and unused VPI bit should be set to 0 .
In that case  , user information indicates various BISDN service information such as voice , image , data , text , graphic , etc .
In that case  , vc links are set up or released in ATM network element according to intra - network or international - network signaling procedure .
In the 1 : N APS architecture  , n working fiber systems share one protection fiber system , where working and protection fiber systems are placed in the same physical route .
In the 1200bps scheme  , the serial data ( i . e .. the call signal or the compensation signal ) is constructed in the encoder and sent to modem .
In the 1950s  , satellite launches began and experiments in satellite communications were made on a trail basis .
In the 1960s  , LSIs , bubble memory mini computers , optical cables , and time sharing machines were successfully developed and commercialized and in the 1970s , bidirectional CATVs , video , disks , computer graphics , picture transmission via satellite , and fully electronic switching system were introduced .
In the 1960s  , satellite communications saw a remarkable development in connection with the commercialization of satellites which started for the first time in 1967 .
In the 1970s  , domestic communications and new services were started .
In the 1980s  , as more number of digital switching systems and digital transmission devices were used , and the need to set up ISDN was increasingly felt , the network synchronization became more important then ever .
In the 1980s  , new services entered into a period of maturity and satellites have been used with high efficiency .
In the 2 M system  , four group signals are multiplexed for the production of a next higher – order group signal .
In the 21 century  , the development and practical applications of related technology have continued to accelerate and , in the process , revolutionized our world .
In the 250Mhz band radio paging system  , offset frequencies of + - 250Hz or 500Hz are used considering the results of studies on transmission frequency stability and channel separation .
In the 64kbps leased circuit service  , the same attributes as those used in the telephone service are used for the information transfer mode and information transfer rate but the attribute of permanent is employed for the establishment of communications .
In the above  , 49 / 48 means that one frame allocated bit is added every 48 bits , 's 'refers to the number of stuffing bits ( justification ratio ) that exist on very 288 bits .
In the above  , n refers to the shift register length and means the register order not detected .
In the above  , the basic steps taken by a switching system to process calls have been discussed briefly .
In the above diagram  , processing by the converter at the transmit side is called modulation .
In the above equation  , g ( t ) is the chip width Tc and is a rectangular pulse having the unit amplitude .
In the above equation  , km indicates the coefficient of multiplier and it has the input of Volt / radian .
In the above equation  , n refers to the number of mobile units per cell and k1 , k2 and k3 are valued obtained by comparing the interference of each base - station - located on ring zone 1 , 2 , 3 , etc . , relative to the interference generated by the center base station .
In the above graph  , we can see that as the period of m sequence becomes longer , the spectrum line gets nearer .
In the absorption loss proper to glass material  , there are ultraviolet absorption loss and infrared absorption loss .
In the actual FM telephony transmission system  , a technique to equalize the S / N of each telephony channel is employed , since more noise appears in the higher frequency channel .
In the actual satellite communication circuit  , noises other than the thermal noises arise due to various causes .
In the actual satellite communications circuits  , the FM demodulator is operated at a point where the level is several dB higher than the threshold level .
In the add - drop mode  , the ADM , which interface two full - duplex high - speed signals and a variety of low - speed add - drop signals , is used for applications such as a linear network ( chian ) , where both add - drop and pass through capabilities are required at each intermediate node .
In the add - drop mode  , the SONET ADM terminates two full - duplex OC - N signals and provides multiplex functions between the OC - N level and the DSn ( n = 1 , 2 , 3 ) or OCM ( M &lt; N ) level .
In the analog cellular system  , the receiver of supervising base station monitors whether a signal sent out from as mobile unit is received by another base station in strength that is lower than a preset threshold value .
In the analog system  , the handoff fails when there are no available channels in the neighboring base stations .
In the article  , it will be explained the outline of the various services of mobile communication and discussed the future development , especially land mobile communication will be referred in detail .
In the aspect of subscribes  , also , there are several advantages : with 150 Mbps class , the light element can be used by combination with the economical LED and PIN diode , and the optical fiber can facilitate the combination efficiency by using the graded index multi - mode of optical fiber rather than the single mode .
In the aspect of terminology  , when the corresponding relation between SONET and STM summarized , VT1 , vt2 correspond to VC - 11 , VC - 12 , respectively , STS - 1 to VC - 3 , and STS - 3 to STM - 1 .
In the assignment channel  , three assignment messages are transmitted .
In the ATM - WAN field  , ccitt started research and development on broadband service integrated digital communication network in 1987 and adopted the standard for synchronous transmission SDH between 155Mbps - 2.5 Gbps and ATM as transfer mode to exchange multi media traffic .
In the atmosphere  , although effects of air , water vapor and rainfall must be taken into account , at frequencies of 30 GHz or lower which are currently used for satellite communications , these are almost nonexistent .
In the automatic switching system  , calls are generated and completed through the following steps :
In the band of 0.8mm wavelength  , loss of optical fiber is greater than that of long wavelength range .
In the base station receiver  , the outputs of correlation detector are inputted into the FHT processor .
In the basic SDH transmission system  , f1 and F2 are transmitted after being loaded on the section overhead part whereas F3 is sent on the path overhead part of the transmission frame .
In the basic SDH transmission system  , f1 and F2 are transmitted after being located on the section overhead part whereas F3 is sent on the path overhead part of the transmission frame .
In the basic SDH transmission system  , f1 and F3 are sent by being loaded onto the dedicated physical layer OAM cell and the functions of F2 are not supported .
In the basic SDH transmission system  , f1 and F3 are sent by being located onto the dedicated physical layer OAM cell and the functions of F2 are not supported .
In the beginning it was a tone - only system for the Tokyo area and used the 150 MHz band .
In the below  , an electrical / optical conversion circuit , optical / electrical conversion circuit , regeneration circuit , and monitoring method are described .
In the below  , cslb and VS algorithms are compared with each other for analysis .
In the below  , the B - ISDN network management standardization fields are described with the special emphasis on ITU - T activities .
In the below  , the basic principles of ATM switching technology are reviewed based on various classifications are described .
In the below  , the major concepts used in each SMF field are described .
In the below  , the major concepts used in each SMF field are described .
In the below  , the signal vs . noise ratio , one of the basic factors for system characteristics evaluation is evaluated .
In the case of  , for example , the M / NTSC system , the number of scanning lines is specified as 525 , the field frequency at 59 , 94 field / s , and the period of the line frequency as 63 , 55 micro / s .
In the case of 4 - phase PSK modulation  , two bits are transmitted by one symbol at a time .
In the case of 5.29  , the worst case of interference at the beam edge of the western hemispheric beam form the eastern hemispheric beam is – 27dB referred to the peak value of the eastern hemispheric beam , which is the value specified in the INTELSAT system .
In the case of a circular antenna with a diameter of D ( m ) .
In the case of a large size area in need of more than one switching office  , generally , a mesh network is set up .
In the case of a memory capacity and the time switch with a degree of multiplexing of  , for example , 256 , the memory capacity of 2048 bits ( 256x8 ) is large but the operating speed is low .
In the case of a packet network with four packet switching systems as in Fig.2.25  , subscriber 1 is assigned with a unique subscriber when he is registered onto the network .
In the case of a telephone call  , only the communication line has been set up until the called party answers the call .
In the case of asynchronous NNI used as of 887 the interface standardization of up to DS4 Class has been completed .
In the case of AU - 4  , more than 12 bytes should be assigned on the buffer of the pointer processing device and in the case of AU - 3 , more than 4 bytes should be assigned .
In the case of B type regenerator  , b type specification should be satisfied .
In the case of black - and - white television  , the picture signal contains a luminance signal .
In the case of cable  , a sheath break may cause water penetration into the cable and lower the insulation resistance of many circuits at one time .
In the case of coaxial cables  , the higher the frequency , the better the crosstalk characteristics , therefore , it is not necessary to use separate cables for circuits in opposite directions .
In the case of color television  , the picture signal contains a luminance signal and chrominance signals .
In the case of cross bar switching system  , the general practice is that the control over calls is carried out through the utilization of several common control circuit depending on the required control speed .
In the case of currently used optical fiber  , absorption peak located around 1.38mm are most problematic .
In the case of digital signals  , the existing asynchronous hierarchy signals are recommended to be used for their economy .
In the case of graded index optical fiber  , light is transmitted through the core in the form of sine wave as it continues to be refracted .
In the case of graded index optical fiber  , the propagation path of each mode has a shape that is similar to a sine wave .
In the case of higher - order multiplexing above the third order group  , the output clock frequency of the multiplexer is extremely high , and so it is difficult at the present time to employ word interleaving .
In the case of IM optical modulation  , several methods are available for converting optical signals through the modulation and multiplexing of signals to be sent .
In the case of Japan  , both C and Ku bands are difficult to use because of radio interference with terrestrial microwave systems installed around the country .
In the case of m sequence  , the ratio of the maximum size Ruv , max of the mutual correlation function between two m sequence { uj } and { vj } for the maximum size R ( 0 ) = 2m - 1 of autocorrelation function is as follows : for m = 11 , it is 0.14 and for m = 3 , it is 0.71 .
In the case of microbending  , the energy of the propagation mode and non - propagation mode is repeatedly combined and accordingly , loss by radiation or dispersion is great .
In the case of n - multiplexing  , one time slot corresponds to 125 / n us .
In the case of normal telephone circuits  , a 2 - wire system is employed for transmission from the exchange to general households , and a 4 - wire system is used between exchanges ( corresponds to a trunk network , and a satellite circuit is also a part of a trunk network ) .
In the case of one channel  , since the number of pulses transmitted during one PCM frame interval is 8 bit rate and since there are 8000 frames in a second , the bit rate becomes 64kbit / s .
In the case of reception  , the signal from the satellite is received by the Earth station antenna ; after being amplified by the low - noise receiver , its frequency is converted to an intermediate frequency by the down converter .
In the case of satellite communication  , long - distance transmission via a single satellite link is possible .
In the case of short - distance transmission  , the baseband signal is either transmitted as it is or multiplexed with telephone signals and transmitted through a coaxial cable .
In the case of step index optical fiber  , light is fully reflected from the boundary plane of cores and cladding as it is transmitted through the cores in the zigzagged shapes .
In the case of T - S - T network  , the input time slot changer can select any one of the time slots for use .
In the case of telephone service  , an attribute value of circuit – switched connections is required for the information transfer mode and an attribute value of 64kbps is required for the information transfer rate .
In the case of television signal PCM coding  , 7 bits ( 256 levels ) are necessary for each sample to get sufficient picture quality .
In the case of television transmission via a satellite  , it is therefore possible to provide so - called multiple - destination television .
In the case of television transmission via a satellite link  , the frequency modulation technique has been used from the outset .
In the case of the example used when we studied the principles of time slot interchange in the preceding section  , writing into the time switch is performed sequentially for addresses # 1 ~ # n .
In the case of the FM sub - carrier method  , the sub - carrier outside the video bandwidth frequency - modulated by the sound program signal , and the modulated signal combined with the video signal in the base - band .
In the case of the INTELSAT V system  , the maximum deviation of propagation time both ways is 1.1 msec for the worst station .
In the case of the NTT D70 Switch  , the incoming circuits are concentrated at rates from 2 : 1 to 16 : 1 .
In the case of the time switch we have studied so far  , the crosspoint of incoming circuit a and outgoing circuit b ' , the crosspoint of incoming circuit b and outgoing circuit a ' , the crosspoint of incoming circuit c and outgoing circuit n ' and the crosspoint of incoming circuit n and outgoing circuit c ' are closed .
In the case of the U . S . A  , digital transmission line equipment is called T - carrier and the most widely used system is T - carrier equipment .
In the case of transit switch not accommodating subscriber lines  , only the trunk interface is employed .
In the case of uniform quantizing a number of quantizing levels around 2000 is required in order to maintain high speech quality even at low power levels .
In the case requiring real - time synchronization  , it may be necessary to have a direct link between SCFs accessing SDFs .
In the case shown in the figure  , 3 is selected for the time slot No . on highway 11 .
In the case that cells are discarded because cells are not processed due to lack of resource ( e . g . excessive buffer capacity ) in the network  , or they are regarded as commitment violating cells with UPC function , the cell of CLP = 1 ( low priority ) is discarded , not that of CLP = 0 ( high priority ) .
In the case that high - quality medical centers are concentrates around the capital regions  , it will be used widely only if they can meet the information requirements of the medical fields .
In the case that the pager is the display - type and the caller hangs up without giving a message the called number is sent to the encoder in the same as for a tone - only pager .
In the case when amplification characteristics of a TWT are non - linear  , the output voltage of the TWT is expressed as follow , which is a power series expansion of output voltage of TWT in terms of input voltage .
In the CDMA system  , the following eight registration methods are used .
In the CDMA system  , the simulation result shows the degree of interference of forward link which is the receive channel of a mobile unit is similar to the degree of interference of reverse link , which is the mobile unit originating channel .
In the CDMA system  , the total interference on one mobile unit originating signal in a base station is obtained by summing up the interference of other mobile units in a same cell and the interference of mobile units of neighboring base stations .
In the cellular system  , the call made by a mobile unit that moves from one service area of a base station to another can be continued through the use of handoff function .
In the coaxial cable and the pair cable system  , the bipolar signal is used widely .
In the common - battery system  , power is supplied commonly and call signals and call completion signals are simply transferred to the operator through the lamps .
In the common channel signaling method  , call circuits are separated and accordingly , signals are collected to the dedicated high - speed transmission circuits before being transmitted and received .
In the communication telecommunication  , there are the type which the mobile communicates each other without base station like transceiver , and the type which communicate through the base station like taxi and vehicle telephone .
In the compact radio pager  , the card pager is only 52 x 83 x 5.1 mm3 and the air battery can last for up to1 , 5 months .
In the component coding method  , luminance and chrominance signal components are predicted separately which achieves good prediction accuracy .
In the compression buffer  , the signal speed is converted to generate a high - speed burst signal of 120.832M bit / s .
In the configuration of small zone  , service areas consist to multi - zone , each zone seems like cell and if the base station is core , it is called Cellular system .
In the conventional service software programming  , the software has been developed using a high - level language such as C .
In the conventional switching system  , signals are sent and received via an individual call circuit .
In the conventional transmission systems such as the digital transmission using coaxial cable  , only thermal noise that is not related to signals exist .
In the course of the CS - 1 refinement  , it was intended not to make large modifications such as addition of new services and new concepts , but to maintain the technical capabilities defined in the CS - 1 .
In the current North America mode signaling hierarchy  , the full channel transmission capability of 64Kbps , which is the basic speed of ISDN not recommended internationally at DS1 level , is not being provided .
In the D – channel protocol  , standardization is progressed for layers below layer 3 .
In the design  , consideration must be given to the economy and maintainability of facilities .
In the digital network environment the 64Kbps digital path is the normal basic connectivity .
In the digital radio communication system  , fading , attenuation by rain , and radio interference cause waveform distortion or noise increase .
In the digital radio transmission  , if the receive wave is distorted by fading , etc .. , the demodulated pulse is distorted , the pulses before and after the code string are affected , and a code error may result .
In the digital system  , voice signal must be transformed to digital signal , in the fixed digital network , voice signal is transformed to 64 kbps PCM signal .
In the digital transmission system  , the input digital signals is converted to the available code that fits the transmission condition .
In the direct baseband to RF modulation process  , shown in Fig.2.20 ( b ) , the digital information directly modulates the RF signal , without the use of any IF stages .
In the double superheterodyne method  , the received frequency is first converted to the first intermediate frequency ( 20MHz band ) and amplified by the frequency converter .
In the earlier of 1980 's  , by the semiconductor VLSI technology and the development of information theory , code division multiple access which multiplex by direct sequence modulation is already commercialized access which multiplex by direct sequence modulation is already commercialized in GPS receiving system and Ommi - Tracs receiving system .
In the early 1960 's  , the interval between radio channels , which until that time was 100 kHz , was narrowed to 40 - 50 kHz .
In the early days  , open wire was the only outside plant facility in use .
In the early days of digital switching present  , memories are too expensive , so S - T - S network is used ; however , now T - S - T type networks are in – general use .
In the early part of 1880  , A . G . Bell , an inventor of a telephone system , came up with a photophone that converted the vibration of the phonograph into light .
In the early part of 1960s  , PCM - 24 method was successfully commercialized thus proving that digital transmission method was far more economical than conventional analog transmission method .
In the early part of the 20th century  , a photoelectric effect that could not be explained adequately with the theories of Huygens of Maxwell ( Classical mechanics based on wave theory or electric magnetism theory ) was discovered .
In the electronic switching system  , several new service features have been added along the above .
In the end  , a switch on a chip is possible only if a great number of channel can be multiplexed onto a relatively small number of external connections .
In the equation  , h represents Plank constant and v , the frequency of light .
In the equivalent circuit  , a time switch with n degrees of multiplexing is expressed as an n X n space division switch .
In the European Mode  , since 256 bits are required for one frame , 16 frames are used to form one multi frame .
In the European Mode employing a common circuit signaling method or bunched channel signaling  , separate channels for signaling bits are available for use whereas in the North American Mode that is run based on the call path signaling mode or channel associated signaling , one LSB ( Least Significant Bit ) among the each channel PCM words of the sixth and twelfth frame of 12 multiframes is utilized only for signaling .
In the event of a disaster  , such as a typhoon or earthquake , abnormal congestion occurs because people call for information , to express sympathy , etc .
In the event of an ADM  , fiber , or hub failure , such connectivity would remain and would allow rapid restoration of priority circuits via an alternate hub .
In the event switching occurs in the virtual channel connection  , vci value does not hold the same value between terminals .
In the example shown on the slide  , the memory areas are divided into 16 blocks each consisting of 256 ( 2 8 ) addresses .
In the exchanges at both ends  , hybrid circuits are inserted to make conversions between the 4 and 2 - wire sections .
In the existing asynchronous digital hierarchy adopted world - wide  , digital signals that use independent clock sources are multiplexed for the circuit gain on the transmission line for cost - efficiency so as to make them suitable for the carrier application between two points accordingly , several inefficient signaling controls and multiplexing stages are available for compensating the clock difference between input digital signals during signal multiplexing .
In the existing optical communication  , the light wave of high frequency wavelength is used as carrier .
In the expansion buffers  , speed conversion is performed to obtain low - speed serial signals .
In the FD distribution system use of FD cabinets upgrades the functions of the interface between the feeder cable network and the distribution cable network .
In the FDMA and TDMA modulation - methods  , the similar C / I values are needed .
In the FDMA and TDMA system  , a limited number of channels available are allocated to base station .
In the feedback loop  , the signal is delayed by exactly one frame interval .
In the ferrule type connector  , two ferrules meet each other with high precision guided by the sleeve .
In the field of present optical fiber communication  , the word transmission bandwidth is used as a measure to indicate the highest modulating frequency of light signals to be practically transmitted , and it is quantitatively expressed by the 6 dB bandwidth in the base band frequency characteristics of optical fibers .
In the figure  , CPI ( Common Part Indicator ) indicates whether corresponding PDU is common part or not and B / E tag ( Begin / End Tag ) is a tag to make number of header and trailer be equal .
In the figure  , sn indicates sequence number and SNP indicates sequence number protection .
In the figure  , ST ( Segment Type ) indicates if payload is BOM ( Begin Of Message ) , COM ( Continuation Of Message ) or SSM ( Single Segment Message ) and SN ( Sequence Number ) indicates serial number of the message .
In the figure  , the route for the light emitted from A to arrive at B in the shortest time is the one connecting points A , o and B ' is symmetrical to point B with respect to the mirror surface , and point A , o and B ' are on the straight line .
In the figure  , vp switching corresponds to Add / Drop or Cross - Connect , and VC / VP switching corresponds to normal switching .
In the figure  , width in vertical axis direction indicates the channel capacity of multiplexed signal and horizontal axis indicates time .
In the figure 3 - 21  , the value of bit 23 , 22 , 21 , 20 is 1011 ( decimal number 11 ) .
In the figure below  , since the output noise power ( No ) is given by No = Gk ( To Tc ) B , the noise factor is expressed by … ...
In the Figure given  , the dotted lines indicate the paths of interference , while the full lines indicate the paths of desired signals .
In the first 15 times slots writing only is carried out continuously to the preassigned addresses of the 15 blocks .
In the first 2 cases  , VCI ( and VPI ) is indicated , as 0 .
In the first and second fields  , dr is superimposed on odd - numbered scanning lines and DB on even - numbered scanning lines .
In the first case  , the terrestrial microwave circuit shares the same frequency with the uplink of the satellite system , so that the terrestrial microwave signal mixes with the input to the satellite system , so that the terrestrial microwave signal mixes with the input to the satellite receiver .
In the first frame of a multiframe  , UW1 , uw2 and UW3 appear as multiframe markers and UW0 appears for all the bursts in the other 15 frames of the multiframe .
In the first multiframe of a control frame  , the CDC message to all traffic stations is transmitted .
In the first place  , the quality of the connection and of the signal must reach a certain standard appropriate for a public communications facility for which the subscriber is paying .
In the FM system  , where the frequency varies with time according to the amplitude of an input modulating signal , the output signal is distorted and becomes different from the input , if the frequency response of delay characteristic of the transmission path is not constant .
In the following section  , call services available in the general switching system are briefly described .
In the following section  , only transmission methods currently available based on the use of optical fibers are explained .
In the following section  , the current development trend of telecommunication networks is briefly described .
In the following section  , the major inventions and discoveries related to electrical communications technology , that took place for the last 160 years as well as their future trend are briefly discussed .
In the following section  , these features are explained .
In the former  , when the subscriber sends a call signal to an exchange , the operator inserts the answer plug of the connecting cord into the jack of the originating cord to set up the call with the counterpart .
In the former case  , the provider only provides information whereas the user only receives information sent .
In the former case not requiring real - time synchronization  , it would be good enough ot make use of SMS .
In the former case the antennas of the terrestrial microwave circuit are controlled so as not to the geostationary satellite orbit  , thus minimizing interference .
In the former two cases  , frame error rate is below 2 percent when Eb / No value is 7dB or higher .
In the frame  , sonet is equal to one third reduction of SDH .
In the free distribution system  , leading an arbitrary main wire from an arbitrary pole and installing a ready access terminal box and 4 - terminal block can meet any main wire .
In the frequency band used for satellite communication  , absorption by the ionosphere and air is insignificant and can be ignored .
In the frequency reuse concepts  , the concept of allowing the use of co - channel interference in order to improve system capacity for the control purpose is included .
In the future  , it is expected to be commercialized in accordance with demand increase and the introduction of wideband service .
In the future  , it will be desirable to have common MIBs for equipment having similar actions , such as bridges , routers and concentrators ( Hubs ) .
In the future  , land mobile communication system will not be replaced by satellite mobile communication system , but rather the former will be supplemented the latter .
In the future  , this group will research line emulation service specifications for frame relay service using fixed virtual channel , fixed virtual channel service and cell relay service .
In the future  , underground distribution facilities must be expansion in terms of their total cable length and the areas they cover in cooperation with power companies .
In the FV - 4M - A system  , an LED optical source is modulated directly by the analog video signal .
In the GI - type optical Fiber  , special arrangements described in the following are made to convey light in a plural number of propagation modes .
In the GI - type optical fiber  , the refractive index of the core gradually changes in the radius direction .
In the indication of their basic point and function group  , b means the BISDN .
In the INTELNET - I system  , vsats receive only the signal transmitted from the main earth station , so - called hub station .
In the INTELSAT DSI  , multidestination DSI is employed as a rule so as to achieve efficient use of the limited number of satellite channels .
In the INTELSAT system  , the overall noise objective of 10 , 000pwop in the hypothetical reference circuit is allocated to the three major parts ; link noise , earth station equipment noise and interference noise from other systems .
In the INTELSAT system the value of input C / N which gives an S / N of 43dB is defined as threshold level .
In the INTELSAT TDMA system  , a group of 16 consecutive TDMA frames is called a multiframe .
In the INTELSAT TDMA system  , a pair of reference bursts are allocated in each TDMA frame : one is the primary reference burst transmitted by the primary reference station and the other is the secondary reference burst transmitted by the secondary reference station .
In the INTELSAT TDMA system  , all the satellite transponders in the community have the Start of TDMA Frame at exactly the same timing to define a common TDMA frame for transponder hopping .
In the INTELSAT TDMA system  , Burst Time Plan change is simultaneously performed in accordance with the countdown broadcast by the reference station .
In the INTELSAT TDMA system  , demodulation by coherent detection is employed .
In the INTELSAT TDMA system  , dsi is employed to achieve efficient use of the limited number of satellite channels .
In the INTELSAT TDMA system  , fec coding using ( 128 , 112 ) BCH code is employed .
In the INTELSAT TDMA system  , frame synchronization is established by defining a common TDMA frame for a community of synchronized transponders .
In the INTELSAT TDMA system  , initial acquisition is performed by open loop synchronization .
In the INTELSAT TDMA system  , receive synchronization is established first and then transmit synchronization is established .
In the INTELSAT TDMA system  , tdma operation is performed between a pair of east and west hemispheric beams or between a pair of east and west zone beams .
In the INTELSAT TDMA system  , tdma operation is usually performed using more than one satellite transponder .
In the INTELSAT TDMA system  , the burst transmit timing is derived from the receive timing of the reference burst .
In the INTELSAT TDMA system  , the transmission capacity of a satellite transponder may be approximately doubled by applying the DSI technique .
In the INTELSAT V satellite system  , effective use of frequency is achieved by using orthogonal polarization and multi - beam operation to increase the capacity of the satellite .
In the international relay switching system  , meaning 1 is used only for the first signal , for the rest , meaning 2 is used .
In the ITU - T standard scope  , the term of UNI is defined in I.413 and the information flow and interface function of UNI interface surface are regulated based on UNI reference configuration compliant with B - ISDN protocol reference model .
In the latter case  , the video signal can be transmitted for a maximum of 9 km ( in the case of color signals ) on a 9.5 mm coaxial cable without using repeaters .
In the latter case  , there is no need to separate the NTSC signals , because coding is done directly .
In the latter case  , however , there is a possibility of generating a strong interference wave to the satellite system , depending on the locations of the Earth stations .
In the limited frequency resources of radio communication  , it is important to make the best use of frequency .
In the local concentrator hierarchy  , signals necessary for the switching system are exchanged to multiplex / demultiplex data from the terminal .
In the long term  , OC - M ( or STS - M ) interface maybe preferable .
In the luminance signal amplifier system  , the chrominance signals are removed by the sub - carrier trap , and only the luminance signal Ey is taken out .
In the magnetic - type  , a subscriber installs each battery a power supply .
In the market  , with progress in user networks and expansion of networks in general , many TCP / IP related hardware makers and software venders have in stalled SNMP in their products .
In the meantime  , in platform based on IN / 1 architecture has been developed jointly by ERTI ( Electronics and Telecommunications Research Institute ) and KT .
In the meantime  , there is always noise in communication system which restricts signal detecting ability , especially in long distance transmission and under the condition of severe channel variation .
In the meanwhile  , in various European and American towns and cities , the underground distribution has spread at such a speed that almost no poles come into sight above the ground .
In the message mode  , one AAL - SDU , passes interface through one AAL - IDU .
In the method for reusing the frequency of CDMA system  , that has been previously explained , it is assumed that mobile units are evenly distributed in a specific call service area .
In the method of conversion at voice channel level  , the FDM signal sent from the terrestrial network is first separated into individual voice channels by an FDM multiplexer .
In the middle 1960 's  , it was reduced to 25 kHz in the maritime telephone system .
In the mobile communication  , since the other party cannot be seen due to obstructions , such as buildings and hills , in many cases , reflected waves and diffracted waves are used in addition to direct waves .
In the mobile communications system  , inter - office non - circuit - related signals are needed for transferring information for location registrations and for referring to location areas information ...
In the mobile communications systems  , on the other hand , pursuit connection techniques with a location registration function are needed to locate a specific mobile station .
In the mobile unit the demodulation process is carried out in compensation basis for the base station modulation processing .
In the model  , facilities with the number of the pairs , NT , are expanded C times at intervals of N fiscal years by adding facilities , and from the C + 1 time onward , expanded by replacing them as shown in fig.2.16 .
In the modulator  , the sub - carriers , with frequencies of 4.40625 MHz and 4.25 MHz , are frequency - modulated with the two chrominance signals DR and DB .
In the near future  , it is expected that light will replace electricity as the major medium .
In the network control  , the selection of a time slot on the input / output and that of the time slot of a space switch is not related .
In the next  , the case where light from an external light source penetrates into the cross section of an optical fiber for propagation is explained .
In the next layer format  , the message is divided into length field , message and CRC code .
In the next scanning line  , 2jev becomes 2jEV .
In the next sequence  , the former of the two , DRn - 3 , and the latter of two , DBn - 2 , are sent to the FM demodulator simultaneously .
In the next step  , the transmit side makes changes depending on whether the response from the receive side indicates no error or requests retransmission because of an error .
In the NTSC system  , the carrier chrominance signal obtained at the output of the band - pass amplifier is supplied to the two color demodulators directly .
In the NTSC system  , the chrominance and luminance signals are transmitted within the same bandwidth for the bandwidth economy .
In the NTSC system  , the two signal components , ei and EQ are transmitted by one sub - carrier .
In the NTSC system  , three primary color signal ( red , green , and blue ) taken out from the camera are transmitted after being converted into a signal indicating brightness ( luminance signal ) and a signal indicating coloring ( color difference signal ) .
In the open / close type mechanical switch described previously the open / close operation is carried out by designating the cross point through the vertical / horizontal mechanical operation wherever in the electronic relay type switch  , the cross point can be selected according to the direction of current flow on the relay coil wire .
In the operating telephone companies  , these two equipments classed are referred to as outside plant and inside plant , respectively .
In the optical - to - electrical converter  , the received optical power is converted into electrical power to reproduce the original telephone , data or facsimile signals .
In the OSI standard  , various functions required for communication between two systems through a communications network or the like are divided into seven layers to be modeled and in this way an OSI reference model is produced .
In the other hand  , there was a need for a system capable of providing a acetone monitoring service run in a low transmission rate ( bps ) as well as voice / video service run in a middle / high transmission rate ( several tens of kbps for voice service and several hundreds of Mbps ) .
In the packet network  , this logic channel is further classified into a virtual call , permanent virtual call , and datagram according to its type .
In the pager circuit  , this synthesizer is LO1 ( 1st Local Oscillator ) in double super heterodyne structures , and LO in direct conversion designs .
In the PAL system  , however , addition and subtraction of a signal and a delayed signal , which is generated by the on - line delay circuit , are performed as shown in the diagram of figure 2.14 .
In the PAL system  , the signal EV is phase - inverted every scanning line .
In the past  , am mode ( Amplitude modulation ) and FDM mode ( Frequency Division Multiplex fitting to voice transmission were selected as a transmission mode because only a voice is the main subject of information source as like a telephone .
In the past  , communications systems were mainly used for 1 : 1 voice transmission .
In the past  , in case of subscriber line and inter local office used for voice cable of 2 or 3 – wire type and long distance call has been mainly depended with on the analog Mode such as a coaxial cable , fdm radio and so forth .
In the past  , the distribution of demand - forecast errors was analyzed with demand per telephone pole used as the measure of demand .
In the PCM primary group  , a word interleaving method for simply setting up the common coding of multiple call paths is employed .
In the performance analysis of FDMA cellular system  , the interference generated form a specific mobile unit using frequency that is the same as that used in an neighboring base station is an important item to be considered rather than the statistical average interference by all the users in the system .
In the permanent memory  , the commands for switching operations , telephone numbers , terminal numbers , circuit line selection path information , terminal service class , and various types translation information are stored permanently .
In the perspective of 1 ) basic hierarchy signals are frame aligned for multiplexing through the simple byte interleaving method .
In the perspective of 2 )  , 1.544 Mbps and 2.048 Mbps hierarchy signals , are structured as follows so that they can occupy a 9 byte unit column in a synchronous frame .
In the perspective of 3 )  , bandwidth services such as H2 and H4 should be the multiples of 64Kbps in order to maximize the advantages of using digital signals previously described .
In the perspective of call types or services  , the communications networks can be classified into a public communications network , dedicated communications network , and mobile communications network .
In the point E of the Figure 3 - 12  , the 64 – ary Walsh codes consist of 64 codes with the length of 64 bits respectively .
In the present  , ITU - T recommends the 3 - circuit way ( recommendation G.361 ) and 12 - circuit way ( recommendation G.311 ) .
In the previous Sections  , we have learned the C / N in the radio frequency link and the S / N in the FM - FDM telephony channel .
In the process of modulation  , information is loaded on a higher frequency signal to take a from fit for transmission through the path .
In the pseudo - hub office  , a pair of 1 x2 Pss is required for each dual office in the considered cluster .
In the PSIN  , the calling party line is connected to a specific switching office .
In the public communication PCM  , voice is represented with 8 bits .
In the QPSK modulation system  , the phase of a carrier has the following relationship with baseband signals :
In the QPSK system  , the signal to be transmitted is converted into two signals ( serial - parallel conversion ) .
In the QSPK system  , the carrier of channel I and the carrier of channel Q do not necessarily have the same level of power .
In the receive side  , an equalizer is placed before the demodulator to equalize the delay distortion caused by the receive equipment of the earth station .
In the receive the RF signals are down - converted to the IF frequency  , demodulated and regenerated .
In the receiving antenna  , it can be received ( g ) background noise , ( h ) external interference , ( I ) the interference of other cell , ( I ) the noise of other user which are radiated in another place as well as hoped receiving wave .
In the recent analog system  , it has come up to 12 , 5 kHz , and the radio channels are utilized by using interleaving ( 6 , 25 kHz ) .
In the regeneration circuit described in the below  , the selection of signal existence evaluation time is very important and signals for selecting this time is called a timing signal or clock signal .
In the region where much rainfall is expected  , this margin is considered to be reserved to handle the degradation of CN at the down - link due to rainfall .
In the result the interference noise is weaker than that of Omni antenna .
In the reverse link of CDMA system  , channels using the allocated frequency as center are offset 4 – phase modulated by a pair of code PN code and 2 – phase modulated by long PN code determined by user code phase .
In the same manner  , from the third order term , the distortion signal components , or the third order products , with frequencies of ( 2f1 f2 ) , ( 2f2 f1 ) , ( 2f2 - f1 ) are produced as well as 3f1 and 3f2 which are the third order harmonics .
In the same manner  , you can calculate the S / N and noise power for other values of satellite separation angles .
In the same manner as the satellite transponder  , the intermodulation products are generated by the non - linearity of the TWT amplifier when multiple carriers are amplified .
In the same manner CDMA is risen as a multichannel mobile communication system from the end of 1980 's .
In the same way  , AAL - 2 provides B type service , AAL - 3 / 4 provides C type and D type service , and AAL - 5 simplifies AAL - 3 / 4 function to provide high speed data communication .
In the same way  , as AAL - 1 , AAL - 2 should indicate error generated during user information transmission on management plane .
In the same way  , the down link C / N must be lowered by the amount of output back - off .
In the same way as AAL - 1  , AAL - 2 provides a function to segment and reassemble user information .
In the same way as AAL - 3 / 4  , AAL - 5 has SAR , cpcs and SSCS sublayer and is classified into the service and stream modes .
In the same year  , rca successfully launched a satellite into the space and laser for optical communications was invented .
In the satellite communications  , earth stations are required to use a large aperture antenna and to radiate high power microwave signal in order that the satellite can receive enough power .
In the satellite communications circuited  , it is required to keep the ratio of received carrier level to noise power level , or C / N , above a certain level in order to maintain acceptable communications quality .
In the satellite packet communication shown in the following figure  , data from each earth station is divided into blocks of a certain length called packets , each of which is provided with header information , including its destination address .
In the satellite TDMA / DSI communications system  , telephone channels about three times as large in capacity can be transmitted as compared to the satellite FM / DMA communications system .
In the SECAM system  , the two chrominance signals , which are switched in the line sequence , frequency - modulate the chrominance sub - carrier is superimposed on to the luminance signals for transmission .
In the second and subsequent multiframes  , dn for each traffic station are transmitted one after another using one multiframe per station .
In the second case  , the terrestrial circuit shares the same frequency with the downlink of the satellite system , so that the input to the Earth station receiver is mixed with the signal from the terrestrial microwave circuit .
In the second read - out time slot R2 ( that is  , the 32nd time slot ) , the data at address # 2 of each block is read out simultaneously .
In the section below  , the CSLB algorithm is described briefly .
In the section overhead channel  , there are framings ( A ) , section performance inspections ( B ) , overhead ( E1 ) for order wire , automatic switch over information ( K ) , user data ( F1 ) , and large capacity data channels ( D ) .
In the somewhat different perspective  , it means that when the symbol rate is fixed , the high level system can send out greater amount of information bits through the given bandwidth .
In the space switch  , the degree of multiplexing of the time slots is increased by opening / closing gates with signals 8 bits arranged in parallel as in the case of time switches .
In the SSCP - based configuration  , generally , call control processors in the exchanges are also used for service control and it may not always be scalable .
In the standard label  , the portion that is used for routing is called the routing label .
In the stream mode  , one AAL - SDU passes interface through two or more AAL - IDUs .
In the Strowger switching system  , calls are connected sequentially according to the telephone numbers made up of decimal and accordingly was also called the step by step system .
In the sub - burst demultiplexer  , sub - bursts containing signals destined for the station concerned are picked out to feed them the proper expansion buffers .
In the SVC  , the LE entities establishes mutual VCCs using the UNI signal procedure .
In the switching communications system  , the information provider and user are not specified and the system used is capable of providing and using information at the same time .
In the synchronous multiplexing  , bits are interleaved sequentially for multiplexing since all the inputs have been already synchronized whereas in the asynchronous multiplexing , synchronization is carried out for multiplexing by pulse stuffing since all the inputs have been synchronized .
In the synchronous terminal equipment system  , these circuit routing can be carried out in routing equipment automatically .
In the synchronous terminal system  , the alarm propagation is prevented by the frame regeneration at interfacing points of the transmission line .
In the system  , joints to switch traffic easily from the metallic cable to the optical - fiber cable are installed on the cable route for quick recovery from a cable fault .
In the system  , the interference between two mobile units using the same frequency can be controlled by space division with the re - arrangement of base stations and the use of directional antenna at base station .
In the system  , wiring construction is only putting on computer with radio transceiver .
In the system employing the time division multiplexing method  , errorless communications can be carried out only if the bits , frames , and multiplexing channels are synchronized the same at the transmitting and receiving terminal office .
In the table  , f1 – f4 and f3 – f4 means the passing through band pass firter having each corresponding cut - off frequency .
In the TDMA frame provided there are small gaps ( guard time ) between respective bursts in order to prevent the bursts from colliding with one another .
In the TDMA system  , since all of the stations use the satellite transponder on a time - sharing basis , they all use the same carrier frequency , and the carrier of each station takes an intermittent form , in what is called the burst mode .
In the telephone service  , for example , the attribute of circuit is employed for the information transfer mode and the attribute of 64kbps for the information transfer rate .
In the terminal mode  , the ADM , which is functionally like a TM , interface only one high - speed signal and is used for the point - to - point application .
In the terminal mode  , the SONETADM : provides interfaces between a full - duplex OC - N signal and one or more full - duplex C ' S 1 , DS2 , DS3 , OC - M ( M &lt; N ) signals .
In the terminating network  , as soon as a user and a mobile unit star roaming , G - UPTNR and G - MSLR are generated by location register .
In the third and fourth fields  , dr is superimposed on even - numbered scanning lines and DB on odd - numbered scanning lines .
In the this case  , the base station makes an inquiry to the system controller of the MSC whether the adjacent base station can make the signal reception with better signal level .
In the time division switching system  , multiplexed signals are switched as they are and sent to multiplexing lines having desiring directions without going through the encoding and decoding process .
In the timeslot of code words  , an address code word , data code word or vacant word pattern is transmitted .
In the transmission system  , however , the signal quality is susceptible to changes in transmission circuit characteristics and will deteriorate if there is interference due to noise .
In the transmit side  , an equalizer is inserted after the modulator to equalize the delay distortion caused by the earth station transmit equipment and satellite transponder .
In the transmitter of the heterodyne transceiver the digital baseband modulates an oscillator .
In the U . S . A  , the research on SONET ( Synchronous Optical NETwork ) a synchronous optical transmission network used as communications highways connected via optical fibers has been carried out since 1984 ; one optical fiber contains several lines of communications highways for transferring standardized signals in parallel .
In the UNI 4.0  , which the ATMF TM ( Traffic Management ) group have been studied and standardized , they added the ABR ( Available Bit Rate ) and the UBR ( Unspecified Bit Rate ) services to the CBR and the VBR services which are defined below the existed UNI 3.1 , so the ATM bearer services are largely divided into CBR , VBR , abr and UBR services .
In the USA  , subscriptions have increased at an annual rate of 25 - 30 % in the last few years .
In the VHF bands  , which are currently the primary bands used for mobile radio communication , direct waves and diffracted waves are used , depending on the communications objective .
In the view of STM - 1 frame structure  , soh is made up of two areas , 3 x 9B and 5x 9B .
In the way the writing of signals from the incoming highway and the reading of signals in the time switch are performed alternately until the final n time slot ( Tn ) of the frame .
In the zone beams the same frequency is used as is used in the hemispheric beams B with the opposite sense of circular polarization .
In these access  , there is no collision because each channel and slot is occupied by a radio station .
In these cases  , portable radio equipment are used .
In these digital transmission lines  , positional deviation of information bits bits may be caused as a result of temperature variation or differences in transmission distance .
In these multiple access system  , connection loss probability should be given 0.01 to 0.07 .
In these three television standard systems  , two chrominance signals are multiplexed and transmitted by using a color so as to achieve compatibility with black - and - white television , but different methods of color information modulation are employed .
In these waves  , the electric field rotates around the axis of the propagation direction , and they are synthesized from V and H polarized waves .
In this antenna feeder system  , a number of large capacity radio - frequency channels , such as 200 Mbit / sec or one color TV signal on each of seven radio - frequency channels in the 4 GHz band , 200 Mbit / sec on each of six radio - frequency channels in the 6 GHz band , and seven radio - frequency channels in the 5 GHz band can be transmitted or received through an antenna feeder system and , therefore , high transmission performance over a very wide frequency band is required .
In this background  , first of all , the basic concept is originated from Shannon 's theory which the communication capacity can be large as following formula , even though the using frequency bandwidth ( W ) is large instead that the signal to noise ratio is less than 1 .
In this background T2 ( locap  , 96lines ) method , T4 ( 274Mbps ) method , FT - 2 , and FT - 3 , which are large capacity optical communications method were successfully developed and commercialized along with multiplexers such as M12 , M23 , and M34 .
In this case  , delivery notification does not certificate successful message delivery to designated telex terminal .
In this case  , it can be said that a connection type in the ISDN actually represents interconnection requirement for the telephone network .
In this case  , terminals used by recipients depend on the destination mail service itself .
In this case  , the acknowledge signal is sent back to the terminal with the frame including the same SAPI and TEI values .
In this case  , the Charge SIB sets an EDP - N to request the charging information notified to SCF when the calls terminated .
In this case  , the RF band video center frequency is 640.5 MHz .
In this case  , there is little advantage in using samples S3through S7 , for , once S1 and S2 are used in the prediction , the other five samples contain little additional information about S0 .
In this case  , 90 % of total power is included in band corresponding to twice of code rate , 93 % is included in band corresponding to 4 times and 95 % is included in band corresponding to 6 times .
In this case  , a both - way circuit is used as the outgoing circuit .
In this case  , a circuit with characteristics complementary to the non linearity of the amplifier is inserted in the preceding stage so as to improve the overall linearity .
In this case  , a fault in on ring can be bypassed by transferring communications to the second ring ; this is commonly referred to as a line switch function ( or switch to protection ) .
In this case  , each amplifier is not required to have a wide bandwidth ; it is sufficient to adjust the amplifier frequency for each carrier beforehand .
In this case  , each set of three consecutive bits corresponds to one piece of information ; correct information is conveyed only if the timing is the same at both the send and receive sides .
In this case  , however , the modulation system needs to employ linear modulation .
In this case  , intermodulation is generated due to the non - linearity of the TWTA in the satellite transponder .
In this case  , it can be used for the extension of 100Mb / s without any restriction on the bandwidth of optical fiber .
In this case  , it is assumed that base station is on an extension of the road .
In this case  , it is assumed that digital speed is predefined and FH is selected as transmission media .
In this case  , it is necessary to add the voice information to both the new and the old circuits form the AMS to the mobiles station and to allocate voice information to both the new and the old circuits from the mobile station to the AMS .
In this case  , it is necessary to write and read data once in each time slot .
In this case  , it is not necessary to replace or modify the communication equipment of the earth station .
In this case  , no additional paths are required between the MSC or base station for softer handoff and no additional hardware are needed .
In this case  , no time difference is caused by the differences in the propagation angles and accordingly , it has a wide transmission bandwidth .
In this case  , noise power N is normalized by bandwidth B to give the noise power density , or noise power within a unit bandwidth .
In this case  , one frequency set is used for each base station .
In this case  , phase discrepancy due to circuit switching cannot be avoids .
In this case  , radio wave propagation can be considered as ideal propagation with no reflection , diffraction or scattering ; that is wave propagation in free space .
In this case  , sufficiently high dielectric strength is needed for conductor insulation .
In this case  , the added receiver tracks and receives the additional delay paths similar to those used in the mobile unit , to get additional diversity node .
In this case  , the angle of incidence , is equal to the angle of reflection .
In this case  , the basic idea for the calculation of unavailability is expressed by equation 4.16 .
In this case  , the call is transferred to an unintended base station .
In this case  , the data to be read from the memory is lacking , because the speed of reading is higher than that of writing .
In this case  , the Eb / N0 concept is very similar to the carrier - to - noise concept of analog FM modulation method .
In this case  , the electric field intensity ( E ) is found from the equation given below with the free space electric field intensity ( Eo ) , determined by equation just as a direct ray .
In this case  , the following requirements must be satisfied :
In this case  , the occupied bandwidth of TV signals is so wide that the relay transmission bandwidth ( equivalent to the bandwidth of a satellite transponder ) needs to be least about at 17MHz .
In this case  , the original analog signal can be extracted through a low _ pass filter on the receive side .
In this case  , the switch open / close determination can be extracted easily from the code generator used for making spread spectrum codes and in addition , the open / close control device is used to detect the status of shift register making up the code generator and based on the result , n number of gates used for the activation of transmitter can be set up simply .
In this case  , the system protected by the protection OLPM remain protected , but traffic from WF – 1 is lost .
In this case  , the time signal shall use the BSRF ( Basic Synchronization Reference Frequency ) , and also be able to use the time signal collected from the local oscillator and received signal .
In this case  , this address is not as same as node Bs address .
In this case  , various modulation system , as shown in the next diagram , are possible , depending on whether the information is expressed by continuous signals ( analogue ) or discontinuous signals ( digital ) in terms of time , or depending on which element is changed .
In this case  , vpc is set up or released by reservation .
In this case  , we have no choice but compromise in order to secure the communication means first .
In this case  , when the number of input ports is increased by the HOL ( Head - of - the - Line ) blocking , performance drops rather drastically .
In this case  , when the number of input ports is increased by the HOL ( Head - of - the - Line ) blocking , performance drops rather drastically .
In this case also  , an acknowledge signal is added to the frame content from the network and the fed back to the terminal .
In this case of unassigned cell and physical layer cell  , VPI ( and VCI ) is indicated as 0 .
In this case the angle of incidence  , becomes equal to the angle of reflection .
In this case the modulated wave  , as shown in the following figure , takes a wave from containing coarse and dense portions due to changes in the instantaneous frequency .
In this case the number of signals ( or paths ) is the same as that of receivers used .
In this chapter  , we are going to study the features and applications of the individual types of services supported by an ISDN .
In this chapter  , let us look at the IDR , IBS , INTELNET , and VISTA services from among these versatile services provided by utilizing the features of satellite communications .
In this chapter  , some practical examples of the fundamental technologies behind low - bit - rate speech coding have been described .
In this chapter  , speech signal transmission in digital cellular systems is described .
In this chapter  , the basic light characteristics are discussed , because they are essential to understand the light propagation in optical fibers , and the principle of laser oscillation .
In this chapter  , the fundamentals of low - bit - rate speech coding technology are described , which has progressed rapidly in recent years and is now of great practical use .
In this Chapter  , we are going to review the received carrier level and the noise power generated in the satellite link .
In this chapter  , we are going to study the functions and configuration of TDMA / DSI terminal equipment following the flow of the signal processing .
In this chapter  , we are going to study the functions of the switching network sub - system which are very important for digital exchanges .
In this chapter  , we are going to study the procedure for burst synchronization and system - control in the INTELSAT TDMA system .
In this chart future demand 5 years later demands  , 10 years later demands , and 15 years later demands are entered according to standardized map , founded on investigations made by the Market Reach Division .
In this classification work  , special attention is paid to the future demand - growth rate for each fixed distribution area .
In this codec a frame is dividing blocks like lattice .
In this communication receiving intensity of sky wave depends on the radio frequency and the condition of ionospheric layer  , which changes by time , day , season and weather condition .
In this communication repeater stations have to be installed within line of sight without any obstacle  , but low power level of 1 Watt is enough to communicate because the antenna gain is high enough to compensate for the transmission loss .
In this course of study  , sufficient time in the schedule is provided for study of signal processing and transmission .
In this developing period of an ISDN  , interconnection of the ISDN and existing network that is , interworking , is very important .
In this equation  , cos and sin are the sinusoidal signals having a phase difference of 90 AK , which cross at right angles in the phase diagram .
In this equation  , fee space loss accounts for most of the propagation loss .
In this eye pattern  , the pulse waveforms just before the discriminator are drafted on the oscilloscope synchronously with the pulse repetitive frequency overlapping all of the probable waveforms .
In this figure  , names like L , s and C are widely used in many countries , including Japan and the USA .
In this figure  , the numerals in the brackets indicate the number of signals required for the corresponding multiplexing .
In this figure  , two parts of the modulation and the orthogonal deployment are diagrammed and the data rate of the input part is as follows .
In this figure the carrier amplitude of unbalanced QPSK is 0.89 and 0.45 .
In this formula  , n stands for the number of ion in the state of free electron or plasma per m3 .
In this graph  , points that are plotted further up the page indicate errors that have greater effect on the restored signal quality .
In this interface method  , the timing for PCM coding and decoding in the terrestrial network is derived from the transmit or receive TDMA frame timing in the TDMA system .
In this latter case there is no need for TDM equipment at the cross - connect location .
In this manner  , Burst Time Plan change is performed without interruption of traffic .
In this manner  , G / T is frequently used as a figure of merit for the overall receiving system of an Earth station , including its antenna .
In this manner  , the reference station operates as the central element in burst synchronization control .
In this manner  , the unique word is used to indicate the burst position in the TDMA frame .
In this method  , fm is employed for the half transponder television circuit .
In this method  , an extremely stable clock with high accuracy of about 10 ^ - 11 is provided in each of the digital networks to keep them in a nearly synchronized condition .
In this method  , the phase discrepancy of the signal is automatically compensated .
In this method  , the test signal is compared with reference signals that are generated by a device called a Modulated Noise equivalent Q ( Qop ) .
In this model  , data on the same entity multiplies .
In this model  , sounds are generated from a regular pulse train , which represents the vibration of the vocal cords , and a source of white stochastic noise , which represent the fricative and plosive consonant sounds made by the lips and tongue .
In this network  , the degree of multiplexing of highways is ( 3 ) … .
In this network  , writing into a primary time switch is accomplished at random and reading from a primary time switches is accomplished sequentially .
In this phase  , the transmitted burst is not always certain to be at its nominal position in the TDMA frame , because determination of its transmit timing is based on an estimated value of Dn .
In this phenomenon discovered by Hertz  , electrons are emitted from the metal surface when light is applied onto the metal surface .
In this predictive coding method  , if the coding control information disappears during the transmission , error propagation occurs and results in much damage to picture quality .
In this process  , called softer handoff , the mobile unit goes through the same steps as that of soft handoff .
In this process  , one of the two signals , which are 900 out of phase , is used as a clock to drive a D - type flip - flop ( triggered by the rising edge of the clock ) to combine the two signals and output the result .
In this program  , po ( x ) and p1 ( x ) respectively show probability densities of noise voltage , and the areas of the shadowed portions correspond to p and p .
In this reason  , when we make the mobile telecommunications system , it is essential subject to reuse the same frequency at the place far from another place that use same frequency .
In this scheme  , sdf has to manage multiple associations .
In this scheme  , the basic handover sequence simply needs to cut the path between the call control D - AMS and the pre - handover D - AMS and the connected new path between the call control D - AMS and the post - handover D - AMS .
In this section  , this NTSC color television system is described .
In this section  , features that have been explained will be discussed in more detail .
In this section  , however , this infiltration of electric field into the clad is approximated to zero for simplicity .
In this section  , it is reviewed that accommodation , generation , transfer , allowing of jitters and wanders required in synchronous transmission .
In this section  , the basic technologies of low - bit - rate speech coding and decoding , and the principles of error protection are described .
In this section  , the development stages of this system is reviewed and its characteristics are compared with those of the existing systems .
In this section  , the development stages of this system is reviewed and its characteristics are compared with those of the existing systems .
In this section  , the general characteristics of optical fibers are explained and then , the designing of digital and analog system and wavelength division multiplex technology is introduced .
In this section  , therefore , the only results for the unipolar random gate function and bipolar random gate function are shown .
In this section  , various types of high - speed / wideband subscriber access network configuration methods that have been proposed so far are described .
In this section  , we are going to study the actual switching operation performed in the case of a network chosen as an example .
In this section  , we will study how to convert an analog voice signal into a digital PCM signal and how to convert the digital PCM signal back to the original analog voice signal .
In this section  , we will study the pulse Seaticuffing technique and the frame structures using bit interleaving .
In this sense  , a wide range of inter - network services with the same characteristics observed in different networks are expected to be provided .
In this sense  , the initial motivation of IN standardization to make the specification applicable to the multi - vendor environment has not completely been satisfied .
In this sense  , they have not been the major provider on IN products .
In this sense  , they pursue to implement the standard interface specified as INAP for IN CS - 1 , core INAP of ETSI or an equivalent protocol of AIN .
In this sense they are a good target of IN .
In this side  , each quantizing sample is converted into a binary code .
In this situation  , additional 3 - 4 dB signal powers are needed to ensure the performance above an adequate level .
In this situation  , the secondary reference station comes up to operate as the primary reference station instead of the other reference station .
In this spot beam operation  , each traffic station cannot receive bursts from that traffic station .
In this standard  , constant bit rate channel for voice signal , and token passing channel are multiplexed .
In this study of the Outline of Satellite Communications and the Satellite Communications Technical Course . .
In this system  , charges in the mobile network can be established independently from those for the PSTN , for example , by having charges correspond to the distance form the extension office .
In this system  , each earth station transmits a carrier which is deferent in frequency from that of the other stations ; each carrier is separated with proper guard bands from other carriers so that it will not overlap with the others .
In this system  , each terminal is connected to the communication medium to form a ring , and the signal that gives the right to transmit is called a token .
In this system  , when a transmission request is generated at a terminal , that terminal checks whether the communication media is available or not .
In this system the same call charges applied regardless of the called mobile subscriber 's location .
In this type multiple access  , even if multiple modulated signal are applied to a transponder , the receiving earth station can separate the signal to receive from other signals by using a particular bit pattern , thus allowing demodulation to be made .
In this type of shared memory method  , the ' N ' number of input ports is processed sequentially during the time interval required to process one cell and at the same time , memory elements having a broadband width that can carry out the ' N ' number of output ports at the same time .
In this type of shared memory method  , the ' N ' number of input ports is processed sequentially during the time interval required to process one cell and at the same time , memory elements having a broadband width that can carry out the ' N ' number of output ports at the same time .
In this type of step index multi - mode optical fiber  , straightly moving light and light that is fully reflected at wide angle have different angles .
In this typical example of teleservice  , signal processing and conversion are performed in the network and end – to – end service is provided between the different types of terminals .
In this way  , the highest frequency component determine the horizontal resolution of the reproduced picture .
In this way  , users can use various service functions by selecting attribute values of the individual attributes and using them in combination .
In this way  , a slight difference in clock frequency between the two digital networks is compensated for by the frame slip in plesiochronous interface .
In this way  , Burst Time Plan change is performed without any interruption of operation .
In this way  , it is connected to PSTN by the switching system .
In this way  , multidestination DSI allows for efficient operation with high dSI gain by applying signals to different destinations into one DSI module .
In this way  , multiple frames can be transmitted around the loop .
In this way  , received frequency is randomly changed by the synthesixer .
In this way  , synchronization of a common TDMA frame can be established in compliance with the reference burst transmitted by the same reference station to all the transponders in the community .
In this way  , the functions of burst synchronization control as well as those of system control and monitoring are concentrated in the reference station in the INTELSAT TDMA system so as to simplify traffic stations .
In this way  , the network scale can be extended by using time switches and a switch or switches .
In this way  , the traffic burst can be kept in the proper position in the TDMA frames .
In this way  , the transponder of a communication satellite provides a number of functions as an active transponder in orbit , but unlike a transponder on the ground , it is required to be highly reliable compact , lightweight , and to use low amounts of power since it must supply the required power by itself .
In this way  , two reference bursts are transmitted in each TDMA frame to ensure high reliability of the system against troubles with equipment and outages due to solar interference .
In this way  , unique words indicate the beginning for a multiframe and identify the types of bursts such as RB1 , rb2 and traffic bursts by means of four types of patterns .
In this way the INTELSAT provides not only services such as public communications to standard earth stations but also provides versatile  , flexible satellite circuits in response to the desires of the individual users who may demand much simple services in connection with the transition of time .
In transmission bandwidth  , ssb and VSB has bT = w and bT = w b respectively .
In transmission power  , ssb spend half of DSB transmission power . VSB is between DSB and SSB transmission power by the bandwidth b of VSB sideband filter .
In transmitting data using these techniques  , when a certain amount of data has been transmitted from the transmit side to the receive side , the receive side returns to the transmit side a response based on an error - detection result .
In transmitting information given in the broad sense  , the success of communication depends on modulation so much that it becomes a critical factor for system design .
In type B s to be supported in late CSs  , several IN subscribers may be associated within a single call .
In Unidirectional SHR ( USHR )  , working traffic is carried around the ring in one direction only ( e . g . , counterclockwise ) .
In USA  , fdm can transmit 600 voice channels thru three level multiplexing by using SSB modulation .
In vertical incidence  , if the maximum value of electron density in ionospheric layer is Nm , the maximum frequency for reflected at this point is , which is called critical frequency for this layer .
In view of the fact that the spectrum form changes only slightly near the high - energy center  , and that inter - symbol interference is limited , the transmission line can be regarded as a pseudo - linear transmission line .
In word interleaving  , pulses of respective channels are arranged on a word basis .
In Young 's experiment  , an electric lamp is used for the light source .
In Young 's experiment  , light with higher coherence in the time domain gives clearer fringes of dark and light bands .
INAP is based on Signalling System No.7  , in particular , inap operates on top of TCAP ( Transaction Capabilities Application Part ) .
INAP is basically service - independent and can be applied to a variety of services .
INAP is designed to be in alignment with the OSI reference model .
Incident rays into an optical fiber at angles within the maximum acceptance angle propagate along the core repeating the total reflection on the boundary between the core and clad .
Include in the network element status control functions are the status reporting function and scheduling function .
Included are the concentration of small amount of data  , the buffering of real - time data , protocol conversion , data content format change , the inter - relationship and summarizing of data , prioritizing , and routing functions .
Included in the network element status control functions are the status reporting function and scheduling function .
Including above various land mobile communication services and display pocket bell and teleterminal system which is available recently  , the principle characterstics of land mobile communicaiton are shown in &lt; Table2.2 &gt; .
Incoming calls distributed to different destinations according to predefined rule .
Incoming calls during some time of day or from specific parties are to be restricted by way of screening .
Incoming calls forwarded to another number in case of busy or no answer .
Incoming calls forwarded to another telephone number under control of the called party .
Incoming calls rerouted when encountered with specified conditions ( e . g . busy  , number of rings . ) .
Inconsideration of future non - telephone services and installation of public telephones in the area  , it is desirable to make facilities satisfy both the specified limits of line - loss and direct - current resistance by using proper cable .
Increase in number of stand - by staff for long - term operation .
Increases in sky noise and depolarization interference due to rain must be considered  , not just attenuation of received power .
Increasing traffic lowers transmission efficiency .
Independent  , decentralized control by individual equipment group .
Independent LECs are making use of SIGNET 7 also for realization of IN - based services .
Independent synchronization is the simlement in a digital network because it avoids distribution of timing throughout the network .
Indication : Display the fact that request to start service has been received from the other party ( indicate seizing of service ) .
Indirect registration : : Every time a corresponding mobile unit uses an access channel the base station can know the location of mobile unit .
Individual network management systems correspond to individual items of equipment  , such as TDMs , pbxs and packet switching systems .
Individual subsystem of a large analog network must be designed with tight controls on the transmission performance to provide acceptable end - to - end quality .
Individual zone control has the following characteristics .
Information are defined to be ideas and data that are useful to the user .
Information can be transferred to several destinations .
Information contained in each message is represented as information elements .
Information elements are such form information to be transferred by a message .
Information on managed objects is exchanged by SNMP ( See Figure 10.1 ) to realize configuration management  , performance management , failure management , billing management and security management .
Information that has not been accepted is regenerated and relayed to the next terminal .
Information transferred between ATM and ATM adaptation layer includes ATM payload  , sapi and related time information .
Information transferred from physical layer to management plane includes input signal loss indication  , received error indication or degradation of error performance .
Information transferred from the physical layer to ATM layer includes valid cells except empty cell and physical layer OAM cell and related time information  , and information transferred from ATM layer to physical layer includes assigned and unassigned cells and related time information .
Information transmission through FH system enables transmission in different method in different system .
Infrastructure of private networks used in the company activities .
Initial acquisition is the procedure for initial entry of a traffic station to TDMA system operation by transmitting a burst in a TDMA frame for the first time .
Initial syllable clipping does not occur in this case  , since the echo canceller performs no switch operation like that of the echo suppressor .
Initially  , iab positoined SNMP as a short - term management protocol , with the aim of using OSI Management CMIS CMIP .
Initially  , the LAN was a network for a close area , such as inside a building or plant , just for on premises use , so it did not affect other LANs even if it used an original protocol .
Initially electronic mail was used to send specific in - house document between large computers and dedicated terminals at colleges and companies .
Input peak amplitude 4096 corresponds to the amplitude of the sine wave hsignal with a power of 3.14 dBm0 .
Input with the account card number and a PIN  , calls are charged to that card .
Insertion of order numbers into data units to guarantee they are sent / received sequentially .
Installation resources refer to the functions of exchanging initial data between NEs or from OS or download the programs from the database and their support functions .
Installation resources refer to the functions of exchanging initial data between NEs or from OS or downloading the programs from the database and their support functions .
Installing additional cables requires that these development objectives and the effects is using the cable be fully understood .
Instead  , by dividing the total area into smaller radio zone , the same radio frequency resources .
Instead  , it creates a logical ring for circulation among the terminals .
Instead  , it means that one control circuit controls the entire call system .
Instead  , the DH ( C ) 11 : 1 / DP architecture functions like the SH / 1 : 1 / DP architecture in normal operation and , during cable cuts , has the capability to restore all affected demands ( except those that terminate at the home hub ) to their destinations via the foreign hub if the home hub fails .
Instead  , the output from many terminals can be combined into non - linear logic circuit in order to make output PN sequence .
Instead  , the scale of interference due to noise is estimated for each factor , then specifications are determined for the antenna location and characteristics .
Instead of electromagnetic field distribution  , only electric - field distribution is considered for simplicity .
Instead the originating subscriber sends a packet that includes the number of the counterpart onto each packet and the network  , based on the number in each packet , sends the packet to the next switching system .
Instrument the use of CCP ( color coded PE insulated ) cable as distribution cable  , a cross - connection cabinet is often insulated at that point instrument order to design cable plants independently of each other .
Insufficient collection of information from telephone offices at the time of demand estimation and subscriber line design may result in inaccurate predictions of changes ( land development  , building construction , redevelopment of urban areas and road plans ) in future conditions of the area .
Integrated  , concentrated control of all equipment groups .
Integrated control of all the user 's network Unificaiton of reception task for the user 's network .
Integrated management systems can be further classified by management format into decentralized systems that provide concentrated control functions at the upper level of individual management systems and centralized systems that provide direct  , concentrated control of equipment for the entire network .
Integrated network management systems enable the supervision  , testing and control of the entire network .
Integrated service creation and implementation by means of the modularized reusable network functions ; .
Integration and broader information exchange between computers .
Integration of services : connection of multiple units  , such as telephones , data terminal and facsimile machines , to one circuit for simultaneous multiple connection .
Integration of transmission and switching functions not only eliminates much equipment  , but it also greatly improves end - to - end - analog conversions and by using low error rate transmission links , voice quality is determined only by the encoding process .
Intelligent : provision of advanced process control functions to improve service functions improvement  , and maintenance and operation of the network .
Intelligent Network Capability Set 2 is the second standardized stage of the IN as an architectural concept for the creation and provision of services  , including telecoms services , service management service and service creation services .
INTELSAT DSI modules also have a DNI function  , where speech interpolation is not performed .
INTELSAT DSI modules have the function of carrying out channel assignment testing without interruption of operation .
INTELSAT has adopted the FM sub - carrier method since 1980 .
INTELSAT predetermines the burst allocation  , the position and length of bursts and so on in each TDMA frame for bursts transmitted and received by all the earth stations .
INTELSAT services have expanded dramatically since 1964 .
INTELSAT specifies that the burst position shall be kept within an accuracy of 32 symbols  , which corresponds to 530nsec .
INTELSAT specifies the use of FEC for those links which do not meet the criteria for a bit error rate .
INTELSAT specifies the use of FEC for those links which do not meet these criteria .
Inter - exchange carriers ( ISCs ) are also working on IN  , AT &amp; T , for example , has been providing freephone , credit card call , VPN , televoting , premium rate and many other services with its own IN architecture .
Inter - network access between networks providing mobile services is essential to realize the roaming capability .
Interchange of time allocation in the time switch is executed from time slot to time slot of time division multiplexed signals .
Interference can also be found by actual measurement in many case .
Interference from other signals can be considred to be equivalent to noise if the power level of the signal is low enough .
Interference from the ground microwave route to the satellite system is not signigicant .
Interference with a different frequency inclines same route interference  , other route interference , and different polarization .
Interframe coding of television signals encompasses those redundancy reduction techniques  , which make use of a ) the correlation that exists between adjacent frames of a television signal and b ) the differing resolution requirements ( special , temporal , and amplitude resolution ) in the display of stationary and moving objects .
Interleave channel allocation is used to maximize the frequency efficiency .
Interleave or spread channel allocation means that allocation the each channel center frequency into the typical channel group .
Interleaving is done over two frames so that each TDMA time slot contains two sequential frames .
Intermediate repeater stations are installed in about tens km intervals when radio signals are transmitted far away .
Intermodualtion noise is caused by the non - linearity of the transponder input - output characteristics .
Intermodulation distortion is produced in low noise amplifier  , or LNA , used for common amplification .
Internal noise occurs in antennas  , feeder systems and receivers and the sum of that noise is the entire internal noise power .
International and input terrestrial channels are in one by one fixed correspondence .
International channels are numbered from 1 to at most 240 .
International channels the transmit side and output terrestrial channels at the receive side have fixed correspondence .
International Television Connection is a one way transmission path from the television program transmitting broadcasting organization to the receiving organization .
International television transmission refers to a series of services available for transmitting programs for television broadcasting via an international communications network which connects different countries .
Internet developed as a packet switching network from ARPANET ( Advanced Research Project Agency Network )  , the first experimental network .
Internetwork coordination may be required for other services depending on low to implement them .
Interworking of the signaling system of N - ISDN and provision of N - ISDN service .
Intra - mode dispersion represents the dispersion of one mode by wavelength .
Intra - office interface may bring us economical development of synchronous terminal equipment because this interface signal has been already adopted by the NTT corporation which is one of the domestic telecommunication compary in Japan .
Intraoffice interface is the common points with high multiplicity between the synchronous multiplexing terminal equipment and the circuit terminating equipment .
Intraoffice interface should guarantee multiplexing and demultiplexing independing on service classes .
Introduction of 800 service by AT &amp; T using database system ( NCP : Network Control Point ) and CCIS ( Common Channel Inter - office Signalling ) .
Introduction of 800 service by AT &amp; T using tandem switches ( switch - based implementation ) .
Introduction of competition stimulated the network operators in Finland to provide new services .
Introduction of semiconductor part has served to sharply reduce radio equipment prices compared with those of vacuum tube system .
Introduction of the FAP ( free access point ) system for higher reliability .
Inversely  , it reassembles SAR - PDU to recover CS - PDU .
Inversely  , it reassembles SAR - PDU to recover CS - PDU .
Ionospheric layer formed at the altitude of 100km - 400km is resulted from ionization of tropospheric condition by ultraviolet rays and X - ray radiated from the sun .
Ionospheric layer is classified to several layer having maximum values of electric density .
IP is a packet communication protocol that uses a connectionless datagram system  , and provides functions to transfer data to its destination based on the address contained in the data packet , a so - called datagram .
Irregularity in coaxial cable characteristics impedance causes signals reflection  , which deteriorates transmission quality .
Is this likely to become a reality ? Actually  , there are a few problems that need to be addressed before this can happen .
ISDN ( Integrated Service Digital Network ) is an integrated digital communication network that can uniformly handle information  , data , images , etc … as digital 0s and 1s to make possible various services .
ISDN interface points S and T are important not only because they are points which provide ISDN services as mentioned so far  , but also because they are points at which the responsibility of the network operating organization is discriminated from the responsibility of the user in construction , maintenance , etc .
ISDNs support a variety of applications including both switched and non – switched connections .
Issue of Special Report on IN / 1 + with service - independent distributed architecture by Bellcore but not supported again because of performance and other problems .
Issue of Special Report on IN / 2 with service - independent distributed architecture by Bellcore but not supported because of technological difficulty .
It additionally provide the generic flow control function for the cell header in UNI .
It aims at an architecture to provide a limited set of services on a pan European scale .
It aims at an architecture to provide a limited set of services on a pan European scale .
It also aims at contributing to the European and world - wide standardization .
It also aims at contributing to the European and world – wide standardization .
It also aims at quickly meeting demand for various services  , increasing the occupancy of cable wires , and improving their maintainability .
It also be connected to two power loss detectors ( one for working signals and the other for protection signals )  , as depicted in Fig.1.63 .
It also cover a lot of communities throughout a rural area of a country .
It also detects IN call / connection processing events that should be reported to active IN service logic instances  , and manages SSF resources required to support IN service logic instances .
It also expanse area in development of standard for harmonious connection between ATM - LAN and ATM - WAN .
It also generates timing for power supply control ( battery saving ) .
It also handles the mediation with IETF activities .
It also indicates which FEs are implemented in which PEs .
It also provides clock recovery function by monitoring charging status of buffer depending on services .
It also provides data that reflects updating of the private network 's facilities  , etc ...
It also reduces required memory capacity  , as well as circuit structure .
It also requires a longer period of construction  , and is somewhat trouble some in respect of external negotiations .
It also requires stricter control of phase distortion and higher quality waveform regeneration .
It also shows an example mapping between the FEs defined in the DF Plane and the PEs in the Physical Plane .
It announced the AIN plans in 1989 and began trials of AIN 0.0 in Dec .1991 .
It appears  , if only because of research and development emphases , that fast digital component are easier to manufacture than linear analog counterparts .
It appears to be advantageous in cases where COs have a significant community of interest with offices in a foreign cluster .
It began as a harbor telephone system linking Yokohama and Kobe Ports using the 150 MHz band in1953 .
It began the AIN 0.0 trial in mid - 1993 with the Calling Name Delivery ( Caller ID Deluxe )  , which has currently more than 150000 subscribers .
It began the trial with AIN 0.1 in Dec .1991 .
It can also reduce unnecessary repetition in message and the effect of noise and interference by using the application of proper coding technique .
It can be classified such as space division multiplexing ( SDM )  , time division multiplexing ( TDM ) , frequency division multiplexing ( FDM ) and mixed type of the above .
It can be considered that 16 of the 4096 time slots arranged in the period of 125us one out of 16 of the time slots can not actually be used for circuits .
It can be further classified into a supervisory signaling and selection signaling as follows :
It can be further classified into continuous - state leaky bucket ( CSLB ) or virtual scheduling ( VS ) algorithm .
It can be generated by combining two linearly polarized waves with polarizations perpendicular to each other and 50 degrees out of phase  , as shown in the figure .
It can be known that the European - type hierarchical multiplexing paths converged drastically into the American - type hierarchy multiplexing paths  , and that the concepts such as AUG , TUG - 3 were added .
It can be regarded as the procedure of filling up water onto a bucket with a hole on its bottom  , through which water continuously goes out by the preset until per hour , and then , adjusting its water level .
It can be said that the technology of satellite communications has always been improved to overcome propagation loss .
It can be seen that all unnecessary signaling power is removed because such middle frequency signal consists of a part of local reference signal band .
It can be solved the attenuation by installation is suffered from attennas in few miles distance each other such as space division .
It can be the high speed synchronous by being synschronization the initial phase regenerated clock to received signal by force .
It can be understood that the attribute of information transfer mode  , for example , has the attribute values of circuit and packet switching , and the attribute of information transfer rate has attribute values of 64 , 384 , 1536 and 1920kbps bit rates .
It can be used to establish temporary lines  , such as TV relay and public telephone in mountains in summer , and early recovery when the telephone system is broken by disaster or accident .
It can provide a function to transfer damaged SDU to high layer and flow control function for point - to - point ATM layer connection  , depending on necessity .
It can realize long distance transmission without picture degradation  , due to using regenerative repeaters .
It can report the type of interface as additional information .
It can report the type of interface as additional information .
It can therefore be considered that there is almost no effect at frequencies in the microwave band which are used for satellite communications .
It can therefore be used when the mobile service charging system has only a few stages  , two or so .
It cannot provide direct action designation ( ACTION ) to the Agent .
It carries out OSI layer 1 ~ 3 functions but not 4 ~ layer 7 functions .
It centers on the function elements of interface board at a node and is used to individual cells .
It communicates between open systems using the system management protocol in the application layer .
It communicates with the layer management of other open systems through the layer management protocol .
It consists of 256 parallel comparators  , requires no sampling or hold circuits , and is suitable for high speed operation .
It consists of a frame synchronization device  , concentration line synchronization device , digital clock supply device , and multiplexer .
It consists of a resistance network circuit  , which generates a current level corresponding to the quantizing level , and regenerates the original analog signal .
It consists of four stages : ( 1 ) an intermediary receiving the call  , ( 2 ) the intermediary paging the intended receiver receiving the paging signal , and ( 3 ) the intended receiver contacting the intermediary by telephone or other communications method to obtain the necessary information ( 4 ) to contact the original calling party , or receive the message given by that party .
It constantly collects  , analyses , and controls the performance data of network in order to prevent performance deterioration so that all the resources of network can be maintained at their optimal state .
It constantly collects  , analyzes , and controls the performance data of network in order to prevent performance deterioration so that all the resources in the network can be maintained at their optimal state .
It continues to build up until receiving an other - address or a vacant word pattern  , when the signal is sent from the base stations .
It controls the burst transmit timing by comparing the looped - back burst with a reference burst  , thereby keeping its burst within a specified time slot .
It could be said that nine rows are matched to both the 1.544Mb / s and 2.048Mb / s hierarchies .
It defines more detailed procedures for some of the operations such as charging .
It defines the functions and procedures for the transfer of signaling message over one individual signaling data link .
It describes the functional architecture of the network in terms of units of network functionality called Functional Entity and the information flows between Fes .
It detects the faults of virtual path connection or virtual channel connection and then  , reports these to each end point .
It detects the faults of virtual path connection or virtual channel connection or virtual channel connection and then  , reports these to each end point .
It displays the network interface conditions and accommodates terminals necessary for digital code transmission services such as data communications  , digital facsimile , telex text service .
It dose not require modems  , and the send and receive circuit is simple .
It enabled to make multiplexing DS - 1 signal directly into the internal standard signal of 150 Mbps without passing through DS - 2 or DS - 3 signal  , of which origin cannot be found in the previous asynchronous multiplexing system .
It enables each UPT user to participate in a user - defined set of subscribed services and to initiate and receive calls on the bases of a personal  , network - transparent UPT number across multiple networks on any fixed - or mobile terminal , irrespective of geographical location , limited only by terminal and network capabilities and restrictions imposed by the network .
It establishes the logical channel between end systems  , such as between a terminal and host computer for the Session layer .
It executes ATM cell scrambling in forward direction  , and identifies and confirms ATM cell boundary and executives cell flow descrambling in a backward direction .
It finally identified various issues in the realization of IN .
It finally identifies various issues in the realization of IN .
It first determines the accessibility of a corresponding user and then  , find out whether the access request is legal or not through the use of acknowledge mechanism .
It formulated an RFP for the AIN 0.1 implementation and plans to deploy the capabilities in mid - 1994 .
It gave an overview of the contents of CS - 1 specifications and its future extension .
It generally lays down three quality thresholds which must not be exceeded for more than a given percentage of the time ( Recommendations 353 - 4 and 522 for telephony  , Recommendations 567 - 1 and 586 for television ) .
It gradually expanded to cover all parts of Japan  , accompanied by a satisfactory 15 % annual increase in subscribers .
It has a copper wire central conductor surrounded by an exterior conductor  , such as tinned copper mesh , with a layer of polyethylene insulating material between the two conductors .
It has a length of 2.500 km and assumes a 64kb / s data stream at each end of the system .
It has a redundant configuration for duplexed control of the data base  , so it requires more resources than a horizontal distribution .
It has also led to the development of new concepts  , such as new distribution methods , in cable network engineering .
It has been aiming at the IN specifications which satisfy the above requirements .
It has been internationally agreed that the maximum number of digits of international ISDN numbers should be 15 .
It has been introduce operation introduce major West German cities since November 1985  , and had over 8 million subscribers as of November 1988 .
It has been providing alternate billing services  , advanced freephone and VPN services internationally making use of the Alcatel SSP / SCP accessed from international gateway exchanges .
It has call connection control capabilities such as the determination of the radio path for origination calls and termination calls .
It has recommended positive  , negative , and positive / negative justification .
It has such excellent characteristics as a wide bandwidth  , small size , low cost , ease of maintenance and suitability for mass production ; it is thus beginning to be widely used .
It has superior advantage to any other analog transmission .
It has the following disadvantage in comparison with the contact point switch .
It has therefore been decided also in Japan that the following Gs values should be targets for antenna design for 1º &lt; Φ &lt; 25º :
IT has two primary time switches ( T1 ) and two secondary time switches ( T2 ) .
It helps the task of implementing the terrestrial network  , and can be used to leap – frog the development of a network by traditional means , while allowing the network to develop independently .
It in form the MCU that the receiving level is deteriorating .
It indicates that BISDN is formed on the basis of the concept of ISDN .
It indicates the start of signal transmission to a pager that is intermittently receiving for battery savings .
It is  , therefore , very important to keep the transmission line short and to improve the impedance characteristics .
It is a basic parameter influencing the coupling efficiency between the light source and optical fiber .
It is a fixed code of 15 bits and the same for every group .
It is a highly reliable communications network capable of selecting other normal path by the packet unit  , for call alternation even if the switching system and circuits of the packet network experience faults since there is the address of a counterpart in the packet being transmitted .
It is a highly reliable communications network capable of selecting other normal path by the packet unit  , for call alternation even if the switching system and circuits of the packet network experience faults since there is the address of a counterpart in the packet being transmitted .
It is activated or deactivated for a certain VPC or VCC by the continuity activation / deactivation function supervised by TMN OS .
It is adapted when the system which has high bit rate can not be ignored the drop of frame efficiency by the guard time like the system of large cell .
It is also classified into analog modulation and digital modulation .
It is also customary to define certain signal levels in 625 - line system  , as follows : Synchronizing level = 0 .
It is also important to be able to provide the services continuously when new services are added or service modification are made to the network .
It is also important to establish the mechanism to realize the tailor - made services  , in response to the requirements from the individual customer , freely combining the existing service components prepared in the network .
It is also much better than 10 ^ - 16 even at the worst Eb / No in fine weather .
It is also necessary that the control stores should operate in synchronization with the time slots .
It is also necessary to adhere to maintenance standards based on CCITT Recommendations .
It is also necessary to carefully consider climatic conditions at the earth station .
It is also necessary to confirm that the caller is a subscriber of the system before connection  , a consideration that is not applied , for example , to transceivers or radio in taxis .
It is also planned to begin to integrate the service switching functionality in the nodes of the telephone network .
It is also possible to reduce the average code word length per sample by variable length coding using the deviation of a combinational difference distribution function .
It is also possible to set multiple logical connections with one terminal by using the multiple LAP function .
It is also possible to use all the satellite channels in one DSI sub - burst as either speech interpolated or preassigned non - interpolated satellite channels .
It is also suitable for areas where land mobile communication system are unprofitable and areas where the available communication network equipments can not handle rapid increases in communication demands .
It is also the case in transponders except the TRT that one or more traffic bursts are allocated between the SOF and RB1 .
It is also using the SCE  , which can define services by combination of SIBs with the graphical user interface ( GUI ) , developed by Bellcore .
It is an activation keeping polynomial used when the service option is not activated yet .
It is an ideal subscriber network since it provides access bandwidth required by new services  , and secures surplus - bandwidth in order to prepare for the wide bandwidth of the future .
It is an important matter to build digital microwave relay transmission system without instantaneous failure .
It is an objective type and provides a comparison level  , an offset value and an ON / OFF switch for the attribute .
It is applied to permanent or semi - permanent connection .
It is assumed that for the path loss between a mobile unit in an neighboring base station and its base station  , the four time multiplication law can be applied .
It is attention important factor  , used to determine whether or not a capacity increase is needed .
It is available to send message to telex terminals not only in same country as another applied in order to confirm the destination terminal .
It is basically so because STM - 1 is 155 Bbps class and STS - 1 is 50 Mbps class .
It is being upgraded to include the function of controlling transmission characteristics and gain through the utilization of a filter  , 2W / 4W hybrid , and program along with its CODEC function .
It is called small zone because the zone of base station is smaller than comparing that of the single zone in which the service area is corresponded with the zone .
It is called the beam width ( half - power beam width ) .
It is carried out by inserting the performance monitoring OAM cell onto the specific end point .
It is caused by applying multiple services to one user or service applied to multiple users .
It is change of introducing ATMF activities and is in close contact with various types of up - to - date news  , leading magazines and advisory organizations .
It is characterized by that the binary switching elements having 2 inputs and 2 outputs are connected to ' k ' port and the routing from the input to the output has a self routing function that only uses ' k ' bits .
It is characterized by that the binary switching elements having 2 inputs and 2 outputs are connected to ' k ' port and the routing from the input to the output has a self routing function that only uses ' k ' bits .
It is classified into plane management function and layer management function .
It is classified into the header of 5 bytes and payload envelope of 48 bytes ( &lt; Fig.1.73 ( a ) &gt; ) .
It is converted to RF band through the frequency synthesizer which aligns the signals to proper output frequency  , and then amplified up to the level of final output .
It is currently set at 12.5kHz in Japan thanks to technological advancements including increased stability of crystal oscillators and lower distortion in the narrow - band filter .
It is designed to realize segment control through SNMP  , and is and effective object group for LAN management .
It is desirable that the transmission loss be as low as possible .
It is desirable to suppress sidelobes as much as possible in order to avoid interference with other systems .
It is determined by the filter defectiveness  , IF selectivity , and lazed wave discrete degree .
It is determined by the recommendation of interference quanlity according to the kind of services  , frequency deviation fade margins , and the quanlity of services in ITU - R .
It is difficult in practice to realize the ideal low - pass filter in Section 2.2.1 .
It is difficult to find out suppressed carrier without an elaborate technique .
It is done by complicated computing system  , accurate sensing system and control system .
It is done by the recommendation of ITU - R  , improving factor in 4 KHz channel is 3.6 dB , 8.5 dB for flatness noise in 5 MHz , and 16.38 dB for triangle noise can be improved .
It is done in baseband using the sine wave roll - off filler as a transmitter filter .
It is done in correspondence with the conventional network architecture for existing system connections .
It is doubtful whether CELP - based algorithms can be stretched towards such low bit rates  , or whether a revolutionary new replacement for CELP will be invented in the next few years .
It is easy to install repeater stations up to 600 km .
It is effective to melt the fiber - cutter - cut end surfaces by heating to make the surfaces smoother utilizing surface tension before fusion splicing .
It is encoded in error correction basis by using convolutional coder and finally interleaved .
It is essentially a service node with both SSF and SCF capabilities .
It is established in order to promote the utilization of plants  , as well as to adequately provide equipment by fixing a distribution block in an area for a long time .
It is estimated that non - telephony severed in 1987 will provide 30  , 3 percent of INTELSAT 's revenue .
It is evident that formula 2 - 1 has ( sinx ) / x form  , which indicates voltage distribution of the signal , and power distribution has [ ( sinx ) / x ] 2 form .
It is expected that the baseband - FTTC or APON structure is likely to be preferred in the future when multimedia service requiring a greater amount of transmission bandwidth and two way communication per subscriber due to the limit of the two way communication capacity of this system .
It is expected that the baseband - FTTC or APON structure is likely to be preferred in the future when multimedia service requiring a greater amount of transmission bandwidth and two way communication per subscriber due to the limit of the two way communication capacity of this system .
It is explained to a analog / digital converter as follow .
It is expressed by equation 4.2 for to each factor shown in Fig 4.9 .
It is extremely important to provide the services to customers without interruption even in case of failures of network equipment .
It is fe function indicated by VIP ( Virtual Path Identifier ) and VCI ( Virtual Channel Idenfier ) in ( b ) and ( c ) of &lt; Fig.1.73 &gt; .
It is further classified into the F5 flow between end points and the segment F5 flow .
It is generally known that maximum efficiency does not exceed 0.586 when N is great ( for example  , N &gt; 1024 ) and cells to be processed on all the input lines enter continuously ( Load is 1 ) .
It is ICMA that recognize  , when the uplink is not occupied ( any mobile does not send ) and uplink is in use ( a mobile is sending ) , and avoid collision in downlink radio channel ( base station – mobile ) .
It is important to pay more attention to demand in small areas and build subscriber line networks that can flexibly handle demand fluctuation and demand for non - telephone services in order to economically and effectively provide customers changes in area conditions occurring during the period between the total demand estimation and the time of subscriber line design  , since distribution areas of branch lines are smaller than those of main lines and demand in 10 years can be grasped comparatively easily in most cases .
It is important to reduce the time taken for the process of determining the transmit power and of transmitting the command  , so that channel environment is not much changed , until the control bit is received at the mobile unit and control action is practically performed .
It is important to understand how each access arrangement applies to the BCSM  , and may be desirable to show in separate representations the aspects of the BCSM that apply to each arrangement .
It is impossible to faithfully reconstruct the original on the receive side .
It is inevitable that noise causes code errors in satellite communication  , since earth stations receive extremely weak signals .
It is interfaced with 2 wire subscriber terminal or 2 Mbps port .
It is known by calculation that 128 bits out of a 64kbit / s PCM signal are transmitted during one TDMA frame whose length is 2msec .
It is made up of the magnetic drum device  , magnetic tape device , display device , and line printer .
It is mainly used at receive - only stations and special small stations with low capacity .
It is mainly used for detection of direction  , because it has figure 8 like radiation pattern .
It is making use of the AT &amp; systems with self - development of the software in cooperation with the vendor .
It is making use of the network architecture ( SPACE ) developed in conjunction with Bellcore .
It is most important for a DPCM system to determine the prediction method  , and non - adaptive systems using linear prediction in the feedback loop are most general .
It is nearly the same as FSK except that frequency selection range was increased .
It is necessary for the component coding method to separate the NTSC signal into a luminance signal and two chrominance signals by using a digital filter or an analog filter .
It is necessary in this case  , to provide an additional earth station at an appropriate distance from the principal earth station and to switch from one station to another that encounters less rainfall , or less attenuation .
It is necessary to align the bit positions including the frame pulse positions to the clock of the local office before entry into the digital network .
It is necessary to determine the procedure for exchange of information and agreement between programs .
It is necessary to investigate if the [ C / T ] thus obtained is above the threshold level or not .
It is necessary to provide a time gap ( guard time ) between every two time slots next to each other so that the carriers sent from many stations do not collide with one another in the transponder .
It is necessary to put it at address # 3 of the primary time switch .
It is necessary to reduce noise so as so ensure the required G / T .
It is necessary to use high resistively materials for conductor insulation .
It is necessary to verify that the service set could be supported by the functional / physical architecture defined via the bottom - up portion .
It is need to allocate many channel on the center and efficiency of the frequency is reduced until one third or forth compared with ideal traffic condition .
It is not possible for Memory Protection to protect all messages in the memory .
It is not very clear what services are to be provided in future .
It is now possible to impose signals from other highways on this empty time interval .
It is obtained by … where B is the noise bandwidth and fb is the bit rate .
It is one of the basic technical issues of optical fibers to joint two cores s thin as human hair whose diameter is ten to several tens of micromet  , with high precision , ease , and good reproducibility as well as with high stability for environment changes .
It is only necessary to calculate the duct number and choose the manhole size  , where civil engineering equipment is required at that time , therefore , conduit line designing on the new route differ from that on the existing route .
It is operated according to the program stored on the permanent memory circuit .
It is overreach interference that the information from a site which is not wanted researchers the site which receivers same frequency .
It is perceived by select the status of shift register that is repeatedly generated during the code selection for time control .
It is placed on the back porch of the horizontal blanking interval .
It is planned to implement Core INAP between SSP and SCP in 1995 and to offer the Virtual Credit Card services .
It is planning to introduce the advanced IN architecture called REGINA ( Regular IN architecture ) in the beginning of 1996 .
It is polling based  , so it may increase traffic unnecessarily .
It is possible to allocate the adjacent channel when it keep the distance to the next cell except one .
It is possible to distinguish it by time and amplitude separation .
It is possible to establish integrated multi - media network that can handle various kinds of information such as voice  , data , image , etc . uniformly .
It is possible to have groups of users that are given priority during heavy traffic times ( ERMES ) .
It is possible to select the small set of m sequence that has the maximum mutual correlation value that even smaller  , the number of m sequence in the subset is too small and therefore , can not be applied to CDMA .
It is preferably used for domestic and inter - company communications  , since the high frequency enables Earth stations to communicate using small antennas .
It is providing the services with AIN 0.1 capabilities to most of its users .
It is recommended in CCIR Recommendation 275 - 2 that the pre - emphasis should be applied to all transmit carriers .
It is relatively free to meet the requirement of service area distance and configuration .
It is required in case of SDH - based transmission or G.702 - based transmission .
It is required in the INTELSAT earth station to use filters with sharp attenuation characteristics in order to reduce the adjacent channel interference .
It is said that PAM is similar to AM among linear CW modulation  , especially , and the method of information transmission of PDM and PPM is similar to exponent functional CW modulation .
It is said that the acronym LAN ( standing for Local Area Network ) was first presented in an article in a magazine for the IEEE ( Institute of Electrical and Electronics Engineers ) by Wr . Clark of the USA in 1978 .
It is similar equation to Carloson 's law  , it is different that kp is independent to w .
It is similar to AM and FM communication circuit by code modulated carrier .
It is simplest and most economical system  , but the S / N characteristics rapidly decrease in proportion to optical loss and the number of repeaters used .
It is sometimes referred to as chromatic dispersion and it can be represented by the sum of medium dispersion and the sum of propagation route dispersion .
It is specified here that the interference noise power caused by the aggregate of the earth station and space station transmitters of other fixed satellite networks should not exceed  , in frequency bands in which the network does not practice frequency reuse , 2 , 000 pWOp one minute mean power for 20 % of any month ; and in the frequency bands in which the network practices frequency reuse , 1 , 500 pWOp one minute mean power for 20 % of any month .
It is specified that the noise power with an integrating time of 5 ms should not exceed 1  , 000 , 000 pWO for more than 0.01 % of any year , that is to say about 0.9 hour per year .
It is specified to use the weighting circuit recommended by the CCITT in measuring the noise power .
It is still used to analyze problems related to light ; that is  , it is used to explain the propagation modes and conditions of optical fibers .
It is strong to interference and economic owing to multiplex of TDM method .
It is TA which is used between TE2 and the ISDN interface .
It is the attribute class and possess one value within defined attribute value .
It is the controller which controls the idle / occupied status of the time slots .
It is the current synchronous digital hierarchy that  , based on these , made 150 Mbps class as the standard , included the European - type digital hierarchy , and universalized so as to enable the global communication .
It is the double sideband ( DSB ) carrier suppression amplitude modulation and modulating signal S ( t ) is .
It is the general trend to take a radio telephone switching system capable of adopting basic operation systems such as random access or dispersive address allocation .
It is the interference that affects another channel by the branch channel .
It is the interference that reaches another site by the side lobe of antenna or reflecting materials in addition to the receiving site .
It is the interference that the side - band of adjacent channel comes into the band and makes a influence .
It is the most important function among SMF functions and accordingly  , in ATMF UNI - 3.1 , it is defined as the only function among SMF functions , that must be supported in order to reduce as much as possible the mutual operation for the network management function between the subscriber terminal and network equipment whereas the other SMF are not regarded as important .
It is the most realistic network management protocol that can be applied to a multi - vender environment .
It is the SONET standardization activity that enabled the SDH standard  , and that expanded SONET to be utilized for the global communication .
It is the typical example of the frequency signaling in the bandwidth .
It is then fed into a phase detector circuit and transformed back into two pulse trains .
It is then necessary to clearly determine the sequence of communications .
It is then sent to the terrestrial communication facility through the multiple access / modulating and demodulating equipment ( Fig 2.20 ) .
It is therefore necessary to amplify them to a level at which they can be demodulated the technology of a low - noise amplifier with a low noise temperature plays a very important role in ensuring signal quality .
It is therefore necessary to confirm  , before every connection , whether the mobile station seeking connection belongs to a legitimate subscriber .
It is therefore necessary to correlate the received signal with the residual echo using a correclator to remove the effect of the listener 's voice  , and to constantly adjust the setting of the dummy - echo return path according to the condition changes in the transmission path , so that the output of this correlator becomes 0 .
It is therefore often used in satellite communications when it is difficult to obtain a high C / N .
It is therefore usual to prevent the concentration of signal energy by superimposing triangle waves synchronized with the frame cycle on video signal .
It is thought to be difficult to decrease this bandwidth economically with analog transmission .
It is transmitted at the variable data rate of 9600  , 4800 , 2400 , or 1200 bps .
It is transmitted during line retrace time . which is the time when the scanning spots are returning from a right edge of a line to a left edge of the next line .
It is two times that of steel and more than ten times that of copper or aluminum .
It is used  , the control process of base station is very simplified because it can be measured the signal strength from the near base station and be judged the moved cell .
It is used between a base station installed on the carrier 's premises and mobile stations  , or between mobile station , to improve the efficiency of services .
It is used for phase compensation among the base stations .
It is used for relatively small - scale mobile radio telephone systems such as japans automatic coastal liner telephone system  , which operates , which operates at 250 MHz , and the U . S .
It is used in a system where the absolute value of the noise amount is critical rather than S / NQ .
It is used in decreasing the transmission bandwidth of wideband signal such as video signal .
It is used in time division multiplex  , and it is important to regenerate message signal and to study accurate pulse modulation technique .
It is used to detect and correct cell error and detect cell header as well .
It is used to ensure the exchanging order of Q.2931 messages and control the flow of messages and error corrections by re - transmission .
It is used to fetch managed objects in a table where names ( Object Identifiers ) are listed in order .
It is used to fetch the next managed object by name in dictionary order  , not a designated manage object .
It is uses BCH ( 31  , 16 ) and was 2 - bits error - correction .
It is usually recognized that the most different in two ATMF UNIs is the physical range supported by each UNI .
It is utilized as the standard protocol for communication between different type computers with fixed locations  , primarily at colleges and laboratories .
It is very difficult for computer manufacturers to provide the whole IN equipment  , in particular SSP , only by themselves to network operators .
It is very important to determine the optimum method  , making use of economic comparison and so on .
It is very important to establish the mechanism of implementation which is independent of individual services and network configurations .
It is very important to meet certain timing requirements .
It links such equipment as computers  , terminals , file equipment and printers to provide for the common use of resources and distribute the work load .
It mainly provides bidirectional communication of data sounds  , and images by digital signals .
It makes noise restriction diminished considerably by cutting down the receiving error probability from noise .
It management is uniform  , so the system is easy to manage .
It maps information received from high layer to the corresponding field for cell header generation and executes reverse procedure for cell header extraction .
It may be strongly influenced by a radio wave reflected by the ground or sea surface ( Reflected Ray ) before reaching the receiving antenna .
It means how many calls a subscriber makes for the busy hour on average .
It means that SMF  , smaf and SCEF of the IN functional model shown in Fig . 2 - 4 are outside the scope of CS - 1 .
It means that the capacity of this system for handling channels is low .
It must be noted that these specifications may be subject to revisions and that the latest CCIR texts be referred to when designing satellite communications systems .
It must be promoted also in other cases to save labor and materials .
It must be reasonably stable under various conditions of weather  , topography and artificial disturbances .
It must have a capability to handle various requirements of subscribers  , including the capability to handle requested bandwidth ( voice class , high speed data class , and wideband class ) , direction - orientedness ( symmetrical conversational type , asymmetrical conversational type , and distribution type ) , and movability ( fixed terminal , mobile terminal ) .
It must have a capability to handle various requirements of subscribers  , including the capability to handle requested bandwidth ( voice class , high speed data class , and wideband class ) , direction - orientedness ( symmetrical conversational type , asymmetrical conversational type , and distribution type ) , and movability ( fixed terminal , mobile terminal ) .
It needs to monitor the status and access control by exchanging information between multi - base station in order to assure the call efficiency and call continuity .
It principal types are ARNIC type and Airfone type which are developed in Ameriacan .
It provides application services for the measures to access the OSI environment for application processing within an open system .
It provides better error rate than simple 1 chip system per bit .
It provides data _ link service for efficient and correct transfer of data bits for the Network Layer above it .
It provides only seven types of Trap regulations to report the generation of a specific event at the Agent side .
It provides the functions of control of subscriber 's telephones  , analog / digital conversion ( A / D conversion ) of voice signals , and traffic concentration of subscriber lines .
It provides the functions that make communication more efficient and in general controls the call .
It provides the measures the presentation entity needs to perform data switching control during connection  , negotiation and release of connection , and to set up the synchronization point in the data stream .
It provides the SCF with an observable view of SSF / CCF call / connection processing activities  , and provides the SCF with access to SSF / CCF capabilities and resources .
It receives the preamble signal and continuously receives the start code when the signal is sent from the base stations .
It recognized the need to cooperate with EUFG ( End User Focus Group ) for ATM market formation and determined to organize A / MV ( Application / Middleware Vendors . ) .
It recovers into the normal state when it fails to receive the RDI cell for 3 seconds or longer .
It sends the bit ' 0 ' indicator to the mobile unit to increase the output power level average at one bit rate ( i . e . 800bps ) at every 1.25ms and sends the bit 1 to decrease it .
It should be noted here that  , as the number of phase status increases , the bit rate increases also but the baud rate remains the same .
It should be noted that AIN Release 0.0 in Fig 3 - 1 is not a standard release but a proprietary specification individually defined by BOSs .
It should be noted that Equation ( 5.41 ) can be simplified as Equation ( 5.42 )  , when interleave is not employed , or frequency separation is zero .
It should be noted that the above equation is the same as that of standard PLL .
It should be noted that the level of the intermodulation product of the type ( f1 f2 – f3 ) is larger than that or ( 2f1 – f2 ) by a factor of 6dB .
It should be noted that the PN chip rate is 1.2288 MHz exactly .
It should be noted that this slide only shows a conceptual diagram for the function of B and D channels and does not indicate physical circuitry .
It should be noted that with a fixed diameter  , higher gain can be achieved at higher frequencies .
It should be pointed out that time division multiplexing of analog signals is also very simple and does not require digitization of the sample values .
It shows that modulator is very simple and any waveform that allows pulse modulation according to code waveform can be used for TH modulator .
It sometimes happens that the exchange calculating charges and the exchange making the connection for that call are two different exchanges .
It stipulates both system management and layer management for the elements both system management and layer management for the elements composing OSI management .
It takes a comparatively simple form because it does not require fast stability or high speed of frequency synthesizer .
It takes about 0  , 25 second for radio wave to travel from the earth station to the satellite and return to the earth station over distance of about 36 , 000 km .
It takes time to cut off and separate networks in the event of failure .
It then captures an open radio channel in that zone and requests the V - AMS to switch the circuit between the MBS and the AMS .
It then described the activities in the framework of IN in various regions in the world  , an overview of IN products and services and implications of IN on mobile communications .
It then describes the activities in the framework of IN in various regions in the word  , overviews of IN products and services .
It then follows that control functions and formats can be modified independently of the transmission subsystem .
It this case  , objects that are no longer used remain as is .
It took a long time to successfully develop the PAM switch .
It transmits / receives the information for transmitting data accurately  , checks the formats of information related to devices and errors .
It turns on / off the light emitting elements of laser diode of light emitting diode in reaction to input digital signals in order to modulate the intensity of light .
It uses duplexed optical fiber cable as the transmission medium  , and has a transmission rate of 100 Mbit / s .
It utilizes the data transfer functions between adjacent nodes provided by the data link layer to realize mutual data transfer between end systems .
It was  , however , not accepted by the industry because of technological difficulty .
It was a round this time when the first Trans - Atlantic cables for telegraphs were installed  , James Clerk Maxwell formulated the electrical magnetic field theory by means of mathematical formulas in 1870 .
It was developed in full scale from early 1984  , announced in September 1985 , and tested for commercialization in early 1987 .
It was initially realized by number translation capability at the tandem switches with 800 database .
It was previously pointed out that a digital transmission system readily accommodates control ( signaling ) information .
It was proposed as a standard proposal of optical communication system connection in late 1984 by R . J at the Bell Communication Research to T1 committee  , the North American communication standard organization .
It was so because these are expected : when considered in the aspect of the digital signal layer  , the bit rate can include all the signals is 150 Mbps ; in the aspect of service , the existing voice data and video signal ( including compressed HDTV signal ) can be used in 150 Mbps class ; in the aspect of semi - conductor element technology , the CMOS technology can be utilized to the extent of 150 Mbps without difficulty .
It was then that the UMS . Federal Communication Commission ( FCC ) proposed development of a new system to deal with the broad demands of the 1980s to concerned organizations  , and reassigned the 800 - 900 MHz band , which had been allocates for television broadcasting up until that time , for land mobile communication using the new system .
It was this period that the concept later referred to as IN / 1 was established as the basis of the current IN .
It was used or the first time for a commercial circuit by the Japanese communications satellite SAKURA .
It will also provide switching capabilities at such low speeds as 8 kbps  , 16 kbps and 32 kbps , providing various types of services .
It will be first established by colleges  , public libraries , and research institutes and then , l served by collecting with network .
Items that have been deleted include five different types of messages and ten types of call / connection or information elements .
Items that have been inserted  , unlike in the case of Q.2931 are one to multiple connection support , additional traffic descriptors , two types of information elements added , and two types of special private network address formats can be listed .
ITN is a subsidiary company of US Intelco  , a consortium of independent LECs .
Its basic configuration diagram is illustrated fig.3.19 and 3.20 .
Its drawback is the large amount of computation required to compute the distances between the synthetic signals and the actual speech input .
Its function group includes TE1  , NT1 , NT2 , and TA , and reference points are made up of R , S , and T .
Its future prospects and the outstanding problems to be solved are also described .
Its major functions include the collection and processing of billing records .
Its major objective is to enable the rapid  , economic realization and provision of a variety of advanced services .
Its objective is to transmit video signals and their associated sound program signals .
Its purport is to define meanings unitarily throughout the OSI system .
Its transmission speed is 125 kbit / s - 16 Mbit / s  , and its ability is as same as wired LAN systems one .
ITU - R regulated the refractive index of standard atmosphere by the altitude of h km as follows .
ITU - T ( former CCITT ) began its standardization activities on IN in the last study period ( 1989 - 92 ) .
ITU - T defined SIBs as building blocks for services to be provided by IN .
ITU - T designated H1  , H2 , H3 , and H4 channels as users high rate channels during the ISDN standardization process carried out in early 1980s .
ITU - T has been working on the standardization related to this .
ITU - T has recommended this as the standard interface for the multiplexing communications of CEPT4 system .
ITU - T has recommended this for the interface of CEPT1 Multiplexing Communications .
ITU - T has set up the basic level of synchronous digital hierarchy to be 155.520Mbps by considering the requirements of frame structures and basic hierarchy speeds described previously .
ITU - T introduced the notion of standard hypothetical path for transmission system design and performance evaluation  , and recommended it as a standard of the whole system 's economic efficiency , reliability and design .
ITU - T makes several SGs ( Study Group ) carry out the B - ISDN network management standardizing activities for each field and in order to avoid overlapping of effort  , it allocates the different areas of TMN to each SG .
ITU - T makes several SGs ( Study Group ) carry out the B - ISDN network management standardizing activities for each field and in order to avoid the overlapping of effort  , it allocates the different areas of TMN to each SG .
ITU - T SG1 defines services related to B - ISDN whereas SG13 defines the network structure and network capability items for the operation  , administration and management on the B - ISDN network .
ITU - T SG1 defines services related to B - ISDN whereas SG13 defines the network structure and network capability items for the operation  , administration and management on the B - ISDN network .
ITU - T SG4 WP5 is currently carrying out the activities for setting up an overall system of the maintenance and repairs of B - ISDN and required functions and these are described in Recommendation M.3610 .
ITU - T Signaling System No.7 ( SS No.7 ) was initially developed to meet the advanced signaling requirements of the all - digital network based on the 64Kbps channel .
ITU - T SS No.7  , in itself , is the choice for signaling in the digital PSN ( Public Switching Network ) without ISDN .
ITU - T SS No.7 in the year since 1980  , has become known as then signaling system for ISDN .
ITU had set up H1  , H2 , H3 , h4 channels as for user 's high speed channel in the process of ISDN standardization in early 1980s .
J is the cells No from P to the center O0 of reuse cell .
Japan 's air interface standard for digital mobile cellular and cordless phones specifies that coded speech signals be sent periodically during silent intervals for use in generating background noise on the receive side .
Japan 's radio paging service began in July 1968 with the introduction of the Pocket Bell system by the NTT ( then named Nippon Telegraph and Telephone Public Corporation ) .
Japanese analog portable and car phone services are provides by the NTT  , J - TACS and N - TACS systems .
JTIDS ( Joint Tactical Information Distribution System ) adopts a special type of DS modulation called MSK because band is shared like IFF ( Identification Friend &amp; Foe ) and TACAN ( Tactical Air Navigation ) system .
Junction of circuit  , this aspect is needed to loop back the circuit to bearer side at TSI .
Just as a standard language is important in conversation between people  , in the data communication world it is very important to determine a standard protocol for data exchange in order for the use of data communication to spread .
Just as the section overhead of STM - 1 in the form of 9B is located in the forefront of STM - 1 frame .
Just as with the Get - Request PDU  , the Get - Request PDU requests the fetching of a managed object .
Just ten years ago  , almost all of INTELSAT 's revenue came from international public switched telephone service .
Just what constitutes the optimum will change as the mobile station moves about  , while a call is being made , control involve hand over between zones when the mobile station moves from one radio zone into another , hand over within a zone and between zones to prevent interference between identical channels , and controlling transmission strength to compensate for propagation loss , which varies with the transmission distance .
KDD has been providing such services as international freephone  , credit card calling and VPN making use of specialized switches for them .
KDD is studying how to implement advanced IN capabilities following the IN CS - 1 specifications .
KDD 's digital switches employ sequential write / random read control .
Korean Telecom ( KT ) has been providing freephone ( Clover ) and premium rate ( Audiotex 700 ( services domestically with the pre - IN architecture making user of 5ESS ( AT &amp; T )  , S1240 ( Alcatel ) and TDX - 1B exchanges since 1990 .
Land mobile communications is generally classified with public system and private system .
LANs cannot be planned based completely on the OSI basic reference model .
Large - capacity file equipment and high - speed printers are quite expensive .
Large zone system – The area covered by a radio base station is about 50 km in radius .
Laser diodes make artificial in - phase light sources because the stimulated light emission of atoms takes place in phase with one another .
Later  , the necessity of interconnection of different types of computers has been emphasized and discussed repeatedly in the ISO ( International Standardization Organization ) and ITU – T , resulting in giving birth to the Oper Systems Interconnection ( OSI ) standard .
Later  , however , as the LAN developed , it became necessary to interconnect LANs .
Later  , however , the launching of larger satellites has been achieved and with the technical development of satellite communications various types of satellite communications have been employed in the world .
Later  , this became the synchronous digital hierarchy of Recommendations G707 - 709 .
Laws about the previously mentioned three basic characters of light can be explained with this fact about the light velocity  , and with a principle that light proceeds along the route which requires the minimum travelling time among many routes connecting two points ( this is called Fermat 's principle ) .
Layer 1 defines the physical  , electrical characteristics of the signaling data link and the means to access it .
Layer 2 of the D – channel protocol is designated LAPD which stands for the Link Access Procedure on D Channel .
Layer 3  , signaling network function , in principle , defines such transport functions and procedures that are common to and independent of individual signaling links .
Layer management : Performs supervision  , management and adjustment of each managed object at each layer .
Layers 1 to 3 provides functions including termination at the terminal of the other party which is called the transfer function .
Lead - in cables for central offices and high - rise buildings .
Lead - sheathed cable was used for underground distribution in the initial stage of underground cable introduction .
Leased frequencies in the 400 MHz band are allocated to each carrier  , communication utilizes an analog FM simplex system with 12.5 kHz channel separation .
Leased lines and the like includes leased lines  , public telephones , data communication lines , telex circuits , receive - only telephones , temporary telephones and maintenance circuits .
Leave spare duct to permit replacing cable when a cable failure should occur  , or when existing cable requires replacement with a larger one .
Length field indicates the length of CPCS - PDU payload field and CRC field loads the CRC calculation result for CPCS - PDU ( Payload  , pad and firest 4 octets of Trailer ) .
Let 's assume that light penetrating into the cross section of an optical fiber forms an angle fc respective to the axis of the optical fiber and then  , comes into contact with the axis of the optical fiber .
Let 's assume that the refraction rate of core to be n1 and the refraction rate of cladding to be n2 and the refraction rate of light penetrated medium to be n0 .
Let 's consider a monochrome television signal .
Let 's think Rf signal which is CW modulation such as analog modulation DSB  , FM , PM .
Let the refraction indexed be n0 ( = 1 )  , n1 , and n2 respectively .
Let the signal gate function  , S ( t ) , be the return - to - zero rectangular pulse series ( Duty ration = 50 % ) alternately taking the two values of A and 0 at a fixed interval of T . such that S ( t ) can be represented the Fourier series expansion as shown in :
Let us briefly consider the operation of the time slot counter and control store in the case of sequential write / random read control .
Let us briefly study the operation of the space switch on the slide .
Let us consider  , for example , a launch using a 3 - stage launch vehicle .
Let us consider a periodic pulse having amplitude A  , period T and pulse width t as shown n Fig 2.1 , where h = t / T is called the duty ratio .
Let us consider as an example a case where serial signals for two channels are multiplexed per frame ( in time slots T1 and T2 ) and passed through the highway from the left hand side into the serial / parallel converter .
Let us consider connection with the incoming circuit when a both - way circuit is used as the outgoing circuit .
Let us consider connection with the outgoing circuit when a both - way circuit is used as the incoming circuit .
Let us consider how to connect the incoming and outgoing circuits in this passing type network .
Let us consider television transmission via a satellite communications system .
Let us consider the amount of change in propagation time .
Let us consider the effects of the phase frequency characteristics in transmission lines on the pulse waveform .
Let us consider the operation of the gate switches of highway 11 .
Let us consider the relationship between the multiframe at the satellite and the receive multiframe at each traffic station .
Let us consider the signal - to - noise power ratio of a carrier with a certain bandwidth B ( Hz ) .
Let us consider the timing relationship between the TDMA frame at the satellite and the transmit and receive frames on the earth .
Let us denote the n time slots which arrive at the time switch as T1  , T2 … and Tn in the order of arrival .
Let us examine how a passing type network accommodates circuit .
Let us examine how we can ascertain address # 3 in the primary time switch from the value 2 at address # 0 in the SCM .
Let us examine the chrominance sub - carrier of the PAL system .
Let us examine the communications quality of such FDM - FM signals received and demodulated at the earth station .
Let us examine the relationship between radio signal and noise in the satellite link .
Let us examine various configurations of the television circuits  , concentrating on the satellite section .
Let us first consider the operating function of the subscriber circuit .
Let us first consider the transmitting system .
Let us first keep in mend an overview of the switching operation we are going study .
Let us first study the distribution stage switching network .
Let us first study the formats of the frame and multiframe .
Let us look at the LAPD frame format when a certain terminal requests for circuit – switched connection and the LAPD frame format when the terminal requests for packet – switched connection .
Let us next consider a bipolar pulse as a baseband signal .
Let us now consider a case in which a communication channel is set between an ISDN and an existing telephone network as shown in the picture .
Let us now consider a case where one terminal can use multiple services .
Let us now consider how to write data at address # 3 in the primary time switch .
Let us now consider the method to be employed for reducing the cycle time of the memory .
Let us now consider the receiving system .
Let us now look at the features of satellite communications .
Let us review a case where the sound program signal is multiplexed with the video signal and is transmitted on the radio carrier for the video signal .
Let us review a service requirement set out by a user upon making a telephone call  , that is , service attributes and their values , as an example .
Let us review once more the timing relationship between the common TDMA frame in the community and the reference bursts in each transponder .
Let us review the circuit configuration used for international television transmission .
Let us review the composition of a CDC message in Reference 6 .
Let us review the radio frequency carrier configuration for the satellite system .
Let us study burst format and functions of each section of a burst .
Let us study how receive synchronization is established .
Let us study how TDMA frame synchronization is achieved among these transponders .
Let us study how the reference station determines Dn .
Let us study how transmit synchronization is established in the steady state condition .
Let us study in detail the principles of time slot interchange .
Let us study the basic characteristics of wave motion .
Let us study the central switching network sub - system .
Let us study the noise due to interference from other systems .
Let us study the procedure for Burst Time Plan change as used for changing burst allocation  , burst position and burst length .
Let us suppose subscriber A is the calling party and subscriber B is the called party .
Let us suppose that RB1 is the primary reference burst in the succeeding example .
Let us suppose that signals in n channels per frame ( 125us ) on the incoming highway are time division multiplexed .
Let us switch the sending path data of subscriber A to the time slot for receiving at subscriber B .
Let us then consider the line concentration stage switching network .
Let us think about why burst synchronization is necessary and what kinds of burst synchronization are available .
Let us try to connect incoming circuit a to outgoing circuit b '  , incoming circuit b to outgoing circuit a ' , incoming circuit c to outgoing circuit n ' and incoming circuit n to outgoing circuit c ' .
Letting the probability of the noise voltage of this random noise in the range between x and x + dx be p ( x ) dx .
LI ( Length Indication ) indicates the length of SAR - PDU payload in octets  , and CRC ( Circular Redundancy Check ) indicates CRC code of overall SAR - PDU .
LI indicates the length of CPCS - PDU and AL ( Alignment ) is pad to make CPCS - PDU trailer be 32 bits .
Light absorption is carried out by the defective automic structure of silica optical fiber material  , contaminated atoms of the material ( external absortion ) , and atoms making up optical fiber material ( self - absortion ) .
Light emitted from a light source diffuses because of diffraction .
Light having a finite band width propagates through the optical fiber at a different speed ( different wavelength elements ) .
Light is a transverse wave  , but what oscillates perpendicularly to the propagation direction is not the water surface , but the strength of electromagnetic field .
Light is emitted when current being fed in exceeds a certain level .
Light is propagated at speed of 300.000 km / sec in the air without any transmission medium .
Light is propagated through several paths and accordingly  , the propagation distances of modes differ from each other .
Light is transmitted through an optical fiber  , which is the transmission medium of an optical communication system , based on its wave - like property and when being applied in a laser or optical detector , its particle - like property should be studied .
Light is transmitted through an optical fiber while being reflected and refracted .
Light output using the above method should be maintained to have a certain intensity .
Light propagates straight in a medium which is uniform in the refractive index  , and is refractive index .
Light propagation route distribution can be explained in terms of geometric optics as follow ; when the angle between light that corresponds to one mode and the axis of optical fiber changes according to wavelength  , the actual path length respective to each wavelength of one mode changes and as a result , delay time difference occurs due to changed arrival time .
Light that is almost coherent both in the space and time domains  , like the laser light , cannot be found in the natural world .
Like a black curtain absorbs light quite well  , light propagating in an optical fiber is absorbed by the fiber 's material and is converted to heat causing optical loss without light leaking outside .
Like coding delay  , the amount of processing has increased by several times with each halving of the bit rate .
Like this  , it can be known that the completely same wave as the transmitted side should be generated at the receiving side .
Likehood of developing into high - level hierarchy .
Likewise  , when a value of 16 is taken for the SAPI , packet switching connection is requested .
Likewise  , the individual output circuits correspond to time allocations on the highway .
Likewise  , the typical case when WDM is advantageous is the subscriber system and the long distance super - large capacity transmission .
Likewise  , the voice of the called party is passed through sub - network B to the calling party .
Likewise  , time slot T2 corresponds to incoming circuit b and outgoing circuit b ' and time slot Tn to incoming circuit n and outing circuit n ' .
Limiter is available on the telegraph as same as suitable modulation or fading preventing antenna is available to reduce fading phenomenon .
Limits the number of calls related to IN provided service features based on specified parameters .
Line - of - sight communication in the VHF band is used for communication up to 400 km  , but communication beyond this range utilizes a VHF Tropospheric communication system or a HF Ionospheric communication system .
Line based services such as call waiting and selective call forwarding would be realized efficiently with this configuration .
Line protection switched architectures have been defined for both USHRs and BSHRs using the principle of looping back traffic onto protection .
Linear curve  , this curve is applied to chiefly short - term forecasting and a case which the demand is rather constant .
Linear modulation can be considered as modulation such as amplitude modulation  , because spectrum shape of the baseband signal is the same as that of the amplitude modulated signal .
Linear prediction analysis involves extracting predictive coefficients from the correlation characteristics and the like of speech signals to produce a highly efficient predictive filter .
Lines  , as well as 6800 km of local lines throughout the country .
Lines are distributed at the cross points of highways the same way as automobiles changing courses according to their destination .
Lines can be built simply by installing earth stations ( transportable stations ) .
Link Down Trap : Reports that the interface at a layer lower than the IP layer has become unavailable for use .
Link Up Trap : Reports that the interface at a layer lower than the IP layer has been recovered .
Loaded cable played an important role in realizing stable and long distance circuits .
Loading is close to above condition adding to L  , which is widely used before until 1930 that does not develop the FDM or PCM carrier modes .
Local area networks are on _ premises network systems that connect equipment  , such as general _ purpose equipment .
Local group velocity at each point of this propagation path is inversely proportional to local refraction rate .
Local oscillator ( LO ) circuit and phase shifter ( PS ) .
Local PEC cable was designed to improve adaptability to digital networks  , workability in installation and maintenance , and economy by employing plastic as an insulation material , color - coding the insulation and using multiple pair , the cable was introduced in full scale replace stalpeth cable .
Located in the middle of the radio window  , this band suffers only slight attenuation due to rainfall and has traditionally been used for terrestrial microwave communication systems ; the development of equipment is thus in an advanced stage , and is generally used for the systems of INTELSAT and others , including local satellite systems and many domestic satellite systems .
Locating registration is when the mobile subcriber moves to other traffic zone from home  , the home station makes moved station to identify the mobile subcribers and the home system stores the registration information in order to connect the call .
Logarithmic normal distribution changes rather slowly depending on location whereas Rayleigh distribution changes relatively fast depending on location .
Logging information ( calling party number  , time , date etc ) about calls of malicious nature .
Logistic curve  , when the demand will be saturated through the phases of starting and rapid growth , this curve is applied .
Logs detailed information for each call into a file to be used by management services 9e . g … statistics  , ect ) .
Long - distance voice quality is identical to local voice quality in all aspects of noise  , signal level , and distortion .
Long distance communication can be performed by installing several relay radio equipment in appropriate intervals between two points .
Long distance communication in high frequency band is made using sky wave reflection on ionospheric layer .
Long distance transmission is available under reasonable propagation conditions .
Long time ago because of the characteristic which spectrum spread communication system is strong to long distance secret communication and interference  , it has been used in military communication .
Longer frame differences  , e . g . , those that exceed 3 percent of maximum signal , are quantized more coarsely , since observers will note some loss of amplitude resolution in more rapidly changing areas of the picture .
Look at Color burst on the figure 2. .
Look at equation ( 5.34 ) which can be introduced from equation ( 5.33 )  , this is the down - link [ C / T ] .
Look at figure 2.22 ( b )  , the same signal , DRn - 1 , for example , is used twice , as the signal that passed along the direct line , and as the one that passed along the delay line .
Look at figure 4.1. this shows a typical configuration used for international television transmission including a satellite link for television video circuits .
Look at figure 4.4  , this figure shows a case of single - hop , multiple - destination transmission .
Look at reference  , this shows the specifications of the NTSC , pal and SECAM color standard systems .
Look at Reference  , this show the specifications of local satellite systems operating over certain areas on the earth .
Look at Reference  , this shows a basic configuration of an earth station .
Look at Reference  , this shows an organization chart of the INTELSAT .
Look at Reference  , this shows signal processing methods which characterize the transmission methods and their possible combinations .
Look at Reference  , this shows various kinds of space radio communications services .
Look at Reference  , this shows various types of antennas used .
Look at reference : in the cases of the television standard system recommended by CCIR  , specifications are set out for the video and sync signal characteristics as shown in this table .
Look at Reference 3  , this table gives the types of functional groups and their major functions .
Look at Reference there are 10 television standard systems : M  , N , B , G , I , H1 , D , K , K1 , L .
Look at the connection of the incoming circuit ( IC ) and outgoing circuit ( OG ) of the folded type network .
Look at the content of address # ( 2 ) – of the SCM in the secondary time switch  , and we find ( # ) – displayed .
Look at the Fig 5.7 in Reference No.1  , this graph shows the relationship between the free space loss and the distance with a parameter of frequency .
Look at the figure 4.5. this figure is shows a case of double - hop  , single destination transmission .
Look at the output of the addition  , you can see that the signal EU is always obtained .
Look at the portion marked ITC : The ITC or International Television Center  , is the terminal point of the international television circuit , and is the intermediate connecting point between the international circuit and the national circuit .
Look at the slide showing the noise allocation carefully .
Look at the third group from the top of Reference .
Looped routs must be planned for underground conduit sections to further improve the facilities reliability  , flexibility against demand fluctuations and economy .
Loss by dispersion is caused by minor changes such as the density of optical material  , non - uniformity of composition elements , and structural non - uniformity generated during the manufacturing process , and faults .
Loss by radiation is generated when the optical fiber is bent too much ; the optical fiber may be bent in such a way that its bending radius is greater than the diameter of the optical fiber or its axis may become wobbled at a cycle of less than mm ( microbending ) .
Loss caused by defective atomic structure can be ignored unlike loss caused by other factors .
Loss generated when the bending radius of the optical fiber is great becomes greater when the relative refraction rate difference between the core and cladding is smaller .
Loss of frame synchronization can be avoided because the data contained in the entire PCM frame have sipped .
Low - bit - rate speech coding is the basic technology behind digital cellular systems  , and rapid developments made over the past few years have brought the technology to the stage where it is of great practical use .
Low - bit - rate speech coding techniques cleverly exploit human auditory characteristics to produce a restored signal that has a low objective SNR but a high subjective SNR .
Low - bit - rate speech coding techniques try to replicate the original speech as closely as possible by using small amounts of information to express the characteristics of the sound source and the modulation filter .
Low call loss has good efficiency when th system operation .
Low data reliability ? No resend for transmission errors .
Low loss areas between neighboring peaks ( called windows of optical fibers ) in the vicinities of 0.85nm  , 1.3mm and 1.55mm ( called the 1st , 2nd , 3rd windows respectively ) are used for optical fiber communication utilizing the low loss characteristics .
Low power consumption and high pin - count compact packing .
Low rate data are created by PN gating transmit waveforms .
Low speed data channels and voice channels occupy frequency band lower than video channels .
Low speed service signal internally mapped appears at the fixed positions of the frame as shown in Figure 1 - 2 since time division multiplexing signal is composed of repeated multiplexing frames based on multiplexing system clock .
Lower - level switches operate at their backup clocks and diseuptions in data occur in the switching nodes .
Luminance is defined as intensity or brightness .
M / W fixed communication for long distance transmission and relay which is to be explained below  , mobile communication which is service becomes more active recently and satellite communication .
M is modulation index  , if m &lt; 1 , envelop is v ( t ) and if m &gt; 1 , then envelop is distorted and disappear because of phase inverse of modulation wave .
M refers to the multi - frame allocated bits  , f refers to the frame allocated bits . Finally , the first character means that a signal is fixed to ' O ' or ' 1 ' .
M.3610  , after defining the relationship between B - ISDN and TMN , stipulates the management concepts of fault , performance , and configuration management , which are the maintenance and repair area of TMN .
M.3610  , after defining the relationship between B - ISDN and TMN , stipulates the management concepts of fault , performance , and configuration management , which are the maintenance and repair area of TMN .
M4 interface specification for connection between networks and network management systems  , and M3 interface specifications for connection between private network management systems and public network management systems are included in the specifications .
MA &amp; E committee  , one of the most important committees of ATMF , holds regular meeting and only full members are allowed to attend the meetings .
MA &amp; E committee of ATMF was organized in October  , 1992 in order to publish the goal of ATMF and ATM technology for industries and end users .
MA and W are the devices and basic : point of non - standard .
MA in this figure means the medium adapter  , w indicates the connection point between MAs .
Main activities of End - User Focus Group include market trend studies performed to understand the requirements of end users  , and the study results are distributed to important external organizations and all members of ATM Forum .
Main services planned to be provided in the framework of AIN 0.1 are listed in Table 3 - 1 .
Main standard of high speed LAN which is considered are as follows :
Maintaining the order of the entire system and achieving smooth alternation between these two modes is generally called radio channel control .
Maintenance cost is regarded as 5 % of initial construction cost .
Maintenance personnelis is necessary for the maintenance personnel to supervise the circuit condition where the normal services are provided or not  , and the a larming functions are provided with each equipment .
Maintenance personnelis necessary personnel to be informed to the kind of fault and the location of its source form the equipment which detest alarm conditions .
Maintenance works after cable laying must be easy .
Major concerns of signaling group are multiple - to - multiple connection  , multi - cast method and procedure , handling of one - to - multiple modes added to the existing connection , bandwidth and service class rearrangement , additional connection and deletion to / from the existing call , interworking with frame relay ( Q.933 ) and Private NNI support .
Major features of ISDN user – network interfaces are follows .
Makes on - line processing possible ( September ) 1971 .
Making good use of existing and dismantled facilities  , in - so - far as possible , reflects good economical designing .
Making the interval of reading signals from memories ( 125 ) us implies reading the signals at a speed n time the transmission speed .
Making this timing the same is called synchronization  , which is the most important technique used in digital transmission .
Making use of this connection  , messavia users are allowed to send messages to arbitrary facsimile terminals ( note ) by designating their telephone numbers .
Malicious call identification service is also available to specific called subscribers in which the police surveys the number of the calling subscriber and the date and time of such a malicious call by request from the called subscriber .
Man - made obstacle : Styles and density of building and other structures ( Typical Classifications ) : urban areas  , suburbs , housing area , field and gardens , forests .
Managed object identifiers can be used to identify management information even in a multivender environment .
Managed objects are described using a subset of the ASN.1 ( Abstract Syntax Notation ) language  , which has been standarlized by OSI .
Managed objects are placed in a tree structure  , with the object set in the attribute group at the bottom .
Management plane provides communication network monitoring function associated with user information and control information transfer .
Managing such a back - to - back TM system requires other complex systems .
Manhole capacity based on the proposed number of cables is determined according to the following :
Manufacturers are providing service building blocks for service creation .
Many analog transmission systems present unique and sometimes difficult environments for inserting control information .
Many aspects of the BCSM are not externally visible to the IN service logic in SCF .
Many attempts were made to solve this problem and in 1981  , Thomas Young discovered experimentally that the interference phenomenon of light is caused by the wave likeness of light and in 1867 , maxwell was able to systematically prove that light is in fact a type of electro - magnetic wave .
Many functions possessed by the common trunk for subscriber telephone sets in the case of an analog exchange are possessed individually by the subscriber circuits in the digital exchange .
Many kinds of cable system are used in rural telecommunication  , such as open - wire , loaded cable and PCM cable systems .
Many network therefore  , have misted SCPs operating either in load - sharing mode for function - sharing mode .
Many of the features of synchronous digital hierarchy are originated from the Metrobus system standard  , such as the concept of optical communication network , the concept of ( internally ) synchronous system , the visibility of DS - O through 125mm frame , the concept of the first stage multiplexing , the accommodation of multiplexing rate signal by controlling the number of container , the setup of standard signal of 150 Mbps class , and the improvement of system flexibility and credibility through sufficiently utilizaing the overhead .
Many organizations all over the world are tackling them .
Many PCS ( Personal Communication Service ) trials in North America  , for example , are making use of AIN platforms .
Many products for IN are now available .
Many services currently provided as described above make use of the following three elements of capability provided by IN :
Many types of radio relay system have been introduced in public switched telephone network ( PSTN ) .
Mapping of Functional Entities to the Physical Plane for CS - 1 .
Maritime satellite communication introduces the satellite communications technology to ship communication and most suitably employs the advantages of satellite communication technology .
Martime mobile communication is classified with vessel telephone system between harbor base station and the vessel that is sailing the coast  , and martime satellite communication system for deep - sea vessel .
Master - save synchronization  , mutual synchronization and independent synchronization .
Material dispersion refers to dispersion generated because the refraction rate of abastoes glass  , which is a material of optical fiber , changes according to the wavelength of light source .
Maximum 32 recipients including primary and copy recipient can be designated in arbitrary message .
Maximum 50 messages can be kept in this retrieval file for one week .
MCI and Sprint are also enhancing their network capabilities so as to follow the IN architecture .
MD should always satisfy the required conditions for becoming TMN compatible equipment by having Qx or Q3 interfaces .
Mean soding error rate : Percentage of all codes transmitted during the observation period received by mistake .
Meanwhile  , itu started the activity of synchronous digital hierarchy standardization for NNI ( Network Node Interface ) in July 1986 , separately other than the broadband ISDN UNI ( User Network Interface ) .
Meanwhile  , ncc adopted the POCSAG ( Post Office Code Standardization Advisory Group ) format developed in the UK and now used in many countries .
Meanwhile  , speech coding algorithms for mobile communications systems were standardized independently in Japan , the USE and Europe .
Measures of television transmission quality :
Measures to obtain substitutes  , public announcements , etc .
Mechanical contacts are not capable of obtaining the required speed and semiconductor gate circuits are essential .
Meet the demanded channels for the traffic amount of each cell .
Men or machines for generating information to be transferred information generated are classified into voice  , codes , and video ( character , graphs , and pictures ) .
Men or machines that are receive information recovered from the receiver .
Message delivery failure in Telex delivery .
Message delivery to another mail service users .
Message delivery to arbitrary telex terminals through another mail system by using destination telex number and optionally telex answer back code .
Message delivery to arbitrary telex terminals through other mail systems .
Message delivery to other MESSAVIA users .
Message discrimination is the process that determines  , on receipt of a message at a signaling point is the destination point of the message .
Message distribution is the process that determines to which user part message is to be delivered .
Message in memory can be protected so that the messages are not deleted automatically .
Message or information elements should be added and current information elements should be changed in order to provide a new signaling capability that exceeds Release 1 range .
Message received are stored in memory in the CPU ( MPU ) .
Message routing is the process of selecting the signaling link to be used for each signaling message routing is based on analysis of the routing label of the message in combination with predetermined routing data at a particular signaling point .
Message to be transmitted forward according to address information .
Message to be transmitted forward after address messages .
Message type SETUP of the D – channel protocol which requests for originating a call is taken over as the IAM in No.7 signalling system and in the subscriber 's line stage again it is transferred as SETUP to the terminating user ( called party ) side .
MESSAVIA is a new telecommunication service provided by a host computer in KDD and will allow global connectivity which is convenient enough for business users .
MESSAVIA provides all kinds of notifications defined in X.400 series of recommendations in order to confirm status for submitted message .
Method ( 1 ) and ( 2 ) are described as individual zone control  , and methods ( 3 ) to ( 5 ) as multiple zone control .
Method ( 1 ) often uses control signal transmission in the form of tone signals are wire logic control technology .
Method ( 3 ) is called analysis by synthesis ( A - b - S ) and is the mainstay of low - bit - rate speech coding .
Method ( 5 ) has the following advantages  , though it is necessary as a preliminary to send specified information about the transmission control channel through the paging channel .
Methods of detecting a deadlock include time monitoring and status control of transaction waiting for resources .
Methods of estimating electric field intensity for mobile communication differ significantly according to the type of service .
Methods of estimating their respective electric field intensities are described below .
Metrobus has challenged the concept of the classic optical communication  , employed the first stage multiplexing , adopted the concept of container , utilized the overhead actively , and established the concept of internally synchronous optical communication system that made 150 Mbps class signal as the standard one .
Metrobus is an optical communication system that was suggested by J . D . Spalink  , a researcher at AT &amp; T Bellcore in 1982 .
Metrobus is the internally synchronous optical communication system which AT &amp; T Bell Communications Research in the United States researched and developed .
MHS ( Message Handling System ) provides new message communication services that are realized through the use of computer processing and storage functions added to the public communication network .
MIB can classified into two types  , a standard MIB regulated by the IAB , and an expanded MIB that venders of inter - LAN connection equipment and workstation manufactures define to provide management information that suites the properties of their own equipment .
MIB is the virtual data base for an object to be managed .
MIB managed objects are classified into the following 10 groups .
MIB objects can be expanded  , so it is possible to add equipment and venders as management objects without limitation .
MIBs can be roughly classified into standard MIBs and expanded MIBs  , which the IAB issues as RFCs .
Microwave communication needs much technology and expenses in installing communication system  , but the price per channels is rather economic because it has many channels .
Microwave communication with short wavelenght has strong directivity and is little influenced by other channels .
MID ( Multiplexing Identification ) indicates an identifier used for CPCS connection multiplexing and P ( Priority ) indicates priority of each MID .
Middleband information having a bandwidth of about several tens of 4KHz  , user of high - quality broadcasting or high - speed facsimile .
Minicomputers  , work stations and personal computers , distributed in a confined area , such as inside a building or at the same site .
Minimum frequency conversion rate applicable in FH system is determined by several parameters as follows :
Minute difference from simple FH system is that while transmission frequency changes according to each code chip time in FH system  , frequency transition occurs in code sequency transition state only in TH system .
Mobile and Portable telephone system that utilize a small zone structure were introduced to deal with remarkable increases in demand in the 1980s  , the typical structure for such a system in Figure 1. .
Mobile communication service  , which extends the connection range of the PSTN by extending service form indoors , requires switching functions that enable the limited radio relay system to be used efficiently and that allow subscribers to communicated while moving .
Mobile communication services include mobile telephone  , cordless telephone , and pocket pager services .
Mobile communications have very much implication on the network functions in terms of IN .
Mobile network operators are also introducing IN capabilities not only to provide advanced services but also to provide basic mobility services .
Mobile public telephones have for some time been installed on trains and ships .
Mobile radio communication plays an important role in telecommunication services as a mean of a communication .
Mobile radio communication services  , which are developing rapidly , can be divided into those for telecommunication business and for private communication .
Mobile services represented by cellular telephone and personal communication service ( PCS ) need flexible services control .
Mobile unit means the communication equipment which is equipped in mobile such as vehicle  , vessel , and aircraft , it includes hand handle phone , pocket bell , and wireless telephone which are portable .
Modular structure and specifications of new synchronous transmission equipment .
Modularized equipment using the newest LSI and fiber optic technologies is much more compact  , and do not need distribution frames to connect modules together , thus requiring much less floor space .
Modulated wave in analog pulse modulation  , when it is affected by noise , can classify the accurate transmitted value in receiving side but assume that only a little discrete value is allowed to modulated intermediate variable .
Modulation is attained by changing either of the amplitude  , frequency , or phase , the three elements of a carrier , according to the contained information .
Modulation is systematic variation of carrier wave according to message .
Monopulse system : This system continuously determines whether the beam center of an antenna is pointed to the satellite or not and controls the antenna direction .
More advanced functions provided by the numbering system include identification of available services and provision of communication security .
More natural - sounding background noise can be created  , however , using the random value generated with each sub frame on the receive side as a residual .
More number of people are now using data terminals  , PCs , facsimiles , and video conference systems , and the ember of companies engaged in CATV services have increased as well .
More power is required for information transmission because transmission power is used for coded signal transmission only .
More recently  , C . Chappe invented an optical telegraph machine in 1791 .
More than 50 SSPs are planned to be introduced at the toll level .
More than 80 % of the computers connected to Internet started to use TCP / IP .
More than one access channels form pairs with all the paging channels and each access channels is identified through the use of other long PN code .
Moreover  , by introducing a LSI - oriented coding algorithm , the effect of using LSI can be greatly enhanced .
Moreover  , the coder can be designed to take advantage of the differing resolution requirements that observers have for changing and stationary images .
Moreover  , a car phone , precisely because it is mobile , is not automatically connected to the exchange responsible for calculating the invoices for that subscriber .
Moreover  , a common controls for controlling several switches at the same time was employed .
Moreover  , a large - capacity multiplexed transmission ( many signals are multiplexed to a bundle and are transmitted through a transmission route ) is possible for video communication services for which increased demand is expected .
Moreover  , a modulation method capable of sending 45 Mbps through 12 MHz analog band , that is appropriate to the existing 45 Mbps video code and T3 transmission route .
Moreover  , a small quantity of material can produce a very long optical fiber .
Moreover  , aerial cables running over narrow streets must be moved underground to improve road traffic conditions .
Moreover  , cell loss is increased on input port experiencing the small volume of traffic when various types of non - uniform traffic is applied for each input port or it requires a central controller that controls simultaneously the input / output port at the same time .
Moreover  , change in demand along a line requires cabling alteration if the line is of non - branched wire distribution to non - branched wire distribution .
Moreover  , communication network technology for the above is required since low rate / high rate services are provided and circuit mode and packet mode services coexist .
Moreover  , each base station sends out a set up channel and sync channels .
Moreover  , each TDMA frame is divided into time slots which are assigned to each earth station .
Moreover  , existing wooden poles must be replaced with artificial poles in consideration of safety .
Moreover  , for flexible network configuration , signal recognition and separation on the multi - level should the easy .
Moreover  , for fluoride - glass fibers , the infrared absorption range shifts to the longer wavelength side as shown in Fig . 1.22 .
Moreover  , general multipurpose micro processor or ASIC chip can be used for the vicoder .
Moreover  , high - speed H4 Class service is likely to be offered with 135Mbps Class that can accommodate the existing narrow bandwidth voice service as well as video service .
Moreover  , i can be represented as W . No ; W indicates the system transmit bandwidth and No represents the spectrum density of interference power . C / I ratio can be calculated as follows :
Moreover  , if the second ring transmits in the opposite direction as the first , a break in both rings between two adjacent nodes can be remedied by the nodes on either side of the break looping back communications received on one ring onto the other ring .
Moreover  , in an application such as the DS - code division multiple access , the mutual correlation characteristics of PN sequence is important as the characteristics of autocorrelation .
Moreover  , in case a corresponding mobile unit is located around the service border area , the strength of receive signals of the both base stations frequently change as the location of the mobile unit is changed and accordingly , the handoff process is carried out as in the case of playing ping - pong .
Moreover  , in case VP link is terminated through digital cross - connect system , connection system and switching system , vpi changes as well .
Moreover  , in designing an underground distribution , trends in new technologies must be consideration as well as the following points .
Moreover  , in the CDMA system , a long code mask is used for each user , thus ensuring call privacy .
Moreover  , in the CDMA system , during the call start , the list of base stations to which the call can be handed off and handoff threshold values are provided to the subscribed .
Moreover  , in the plesiochronous digital hierarchy , DS - m signal belongs to the hierarchy of next phase of DS - m signal , but all of these signals have the equal relationship in the synchronous digital hierarchy .
Moreover  , in the same community , multiframe synchronization is also established so that multiframe markers should appear in the same TDMA frame in all the transponders .
Moreover  , it can ensure the high level of parallelity and distribution control .
Moreover  , it has a very short transmission distance and its major weakness is that it experiences EMI problems frequently .
Moreover  , it has a very short transmission distance and its major weakness is that it experiences EMI problems frequently .
Moreover  , it is easy to construct a worldwide network .
Moreover  , it is expected that use - permission conditions of road administrations will become more restrictive .
Moreover  , it is necessary to consider separately other noise , such as interference with other satellite systems which deteriorates the signal - to - noise power ratio .
Moreover  , it sets up virtual paths and virtual channels for ATM cell transferring .
Moreover  , it should ensure the throughput of about 100 percents the support of the access speed of STM - 1 ( 155 Mbps ) class or higher per the port of switching element , the ease of seft routing and distributed control , and the ensuring of the excellent switch modularity and expandability .
Moreover  , it should ensure the throughput of about 100 percents the support of the access speed of STM - 1 ( 155 Mbps ) class or higher per the port of switching element , the ease of seft routing and distributed control , and the ensuring of the excellent switching modularity and expandability .
Moreover  , it was capable of carrying out enough amount of various signaling information and thus , transmission technology was upgraded irrespective of the development of switching technology .
Moreover  , on the control flat , the call control and connection control information are managed .
Moreover  , packet communication was generally applied to LAN ( Local Area Networks ) , where as ATM experiences many difficulties in address assignment , interface and flow control , exchange , transmission , etc . , because it is applied to large - scale public networks .
Moreover  , road administration may limit the number of cables for effective use of space over roads , thus resulting in inevitable cable consolidation .
Moreover  , routs to go underground and the areas to install the underground distribution facilities can be classified as three patterns as shown in table 2.16 .
Moreover  , since path overhead channels are made up of information such as trace ( J1 ) of corresponding signal path , signal form status ( C . H ) , transmission performance ( B3 ) , the transfer of alarm and performance related information data ( G1 ) , and user data ( F.2 ) intelligent transmission routes can be realized without difficulties .
Moreover  , some cases may require tapping off some cables .
Moreover  , subscriber line networks employ star configurations most suitable for analog telephone networks .
Moreover  , subscribers may be distributed densely or thinly over an area according to situations in each area .
Moreover  , tdma allows a radio unit to measure the radio intensity of the adjacent zone during intermittent burst transmission and reception .
Moreover  , TE ' and SSB indicate the TE which forms the bus type structure and the connection point between TE s respectively .
Moreover  , the community network can be further classified into a customer premises network and subscriber access network .
Moreover  , the community network must be capable of providing economical and open - type interface , the sharing of network resources efficiently , the flexible use of telephones , ease of maintenance and repairs , and the compatibility with the existing systems in order to deal effectively with the introduction of ATM environment where voice , video , and data will be integrated , the increase in multi - media service demand , and high - speed access request between LANs .
Moreover  , the community network must be capable of providing economical and open - type interface , the sharing of network resources efficiently , the flexible use of telephones , ease of maintenance and repairs , and the compatibility with the existing systems in order to deal effectively with the introduction of ATM environment where voice , video , and data will be integrated , the increase in multy - media service demand , and high - speed access request between LANs .
Moreover  , the conductor occupancy should be improved by increasing shared - use of cable wires .
Moreover  , the control procedures and performance classes for ABR ( Available Bit Rate ) functions has been studied energetically in order to provide high - speed data service because recent internet interface demands are rapidly increased .
Moreover  , the energy dispersal signal is superimposed on the TV signal before transmission .
Moreover  , the following equation is used to describe the relationship between penetrating light and refracted light in accordance with the Law of Snell .
Moreover  , the high installation cost per channel of transmission lines posed a nearly insurmountable problem .
Moreover  , the minimum number of feeder - cable wires connectable to the distribution cable wire at a given time , that is , the minimum number of connections in the transfer - splicing box , should be as small as possible to minimize split loss .
Moreover  , the replacement must be carried out systematically for every cable route taking into account deployment conditions of ready - access - terminal boxes ( access points ) and the form of cable installation .
Moreover  , the research activities on other performance measurement functions such as other tests , fault isolation function and cell delay time are being carried out currently .
Moreover  , there is close relations between signal and bandwidth , and error probability and S / N ratio .
Moreover  , they may hinder rescue activities in the event of fire .
Moreover  , through the use of protocol , the transmit complete of mobile unit using slots can be notified to the mobile unit and as a result , the mobile unit using the battery ( portable telephone user ) can save battery considerably .
Moreover  , user 's needs have diversified , calling for quicker responses to demands for new services than ever before .
Moreover  , when using band pass fitter specified for each of these , output jitter should not exceed 0.05UI .
Moreover the switching systems started to require network synchronization . .
Most code symbols compare input signals with reference voltage to evaluate whether there are any signals .
Most digital microwave systems use regenerative repeaters .
Most DPCM systems use only the previous sample S1 that is written as .
Most existing public terminals are designed to be easily operated as much as possible .
Most frequently used combination includes ( 1 ) FH / DS ( 2 ) TH / FH and ( 3 ) TH / DS system .
Most functions related to mobile switching are accommodated in the automobile subscriber switches ( AMS ) : the mobile gateway switches ( MGS ) are used for functions related to coordination with other networks for transit connection  , and for pursuit routing .
Most local switches will be equipped with AIN 0.1 capabilities by the end of 1994 .
Most major cities in Japan are now connected with trunk junction circuits based on microwave lines  , and have important roles in the Japan 'system communication network .
Most of currently carried out communications services are in voice and the PCM rate of these are 64Kbps .
Most of the features of digital voice networks listed in Table 3.2 and discussed in the following paragraphs pertain to advantages of digital transmission or switching relative to analog counterparts .
Most of the information on this address are written while inputting the commands .
Most of times  , the expire time of base station is little longer than the expire time of the mobile unit .
Most of times  , they are allocated with 0.333. ( 48 ) means signals having four DS1 bit sequentially multiplexed at the DS2 frame type illustrated in Fig.3.32 .
Most of transmission lines are digital system  , but still remains analgue systems , so it is necessary to connect synchronous terminal equipment with existing analogue system efficiently .
Most redundancy reduction techniques exploit both characteristics .
Most services make use of IN service logic of only call originating side terminating side of the call .
Most subscriber line facilities are installed outdoors on land owned by persons with no connection to the facilities involved .
Mostly  , the frequencies in 6GHz and / or 14GHz range are used for the up link and the frequencies in 4GHz and / or 11GHz range are used for the down link .
Motion is detected to correlate these blocks with the previous frame and the block motion vector and interframe difference of corresponding blocks are then transmitted .
Motivation  , objective and scope of IN and IN architecture description .
Motorola led the development of this format  , introduced in 1973 , it is used in the USA .
Movement of part or all of the data due to the organization situation or for operation control has no influence on the user .
Moving area grows still larger  , then field repeating method is used .
MTA ( message transfer agent ) : MTAs jointly provide such message transfer services as broadcasting delivery notification  , the MTA is the message transfer element .
MTP level 2 is defined as in the case of layer 2 ( data link layer ) of the OSI reference model .
MTP level1 is defined as in the case of layer 1 ( physical layer ) of the OSI reference model .
Multi - party calls such as add - on conferencing need flexible control of individual participants .
Multi - phase PSK is also available besides 2 PSK and 4 PSK .
Multi frames are formed to send efficiently signals having different speeds  , such as voice 24 64 kbps , signaling 24 1.333 kbps , and ' S ' bit 8 kbps ) .
Multipaths of a narrow band modulation system such as an analog FM modulation method used in the first generation cellular telephone generates serious fading .
Multiple - material optical fibers mainly consist of soda lime  , glass or boro - silicated glass , and alkaline metals as dopiness , such as sodium ( Na ) , calcium ( Ca ) , etc .
Multiple access is the method used for a multiple number of stations in which a transponder is used on a shared use basis .
Multiple access is a major feature of satellite communication .
Multiple access is a means of establishing communication links among a number of earth stations by sharing one satellite .
Multiple channels in one circuit multiplexed logical circuit structure to provide 2 data channels and 1 signal channel .
Multiple meanings are assigned to each of the above signals and the signal meanings are interpreted differently according to the location at backward directed signal A - 3  , A - 5 , or signaling sequence for transmitting and receiving a great amount of information .
Multiple tokens system : The FDDI adopts a multiple token system  , which is a type of token passing system that allows the sending of multiple frames to the trunk loop .
Multiple zone control  , on the other hand , has the following characteristics .
Multiplex communications system can be broadly classified into frequency division multiplex ( FDM ) and time division multiplex ( TDM ) system .
Multiplex sublayer and frame rate decision device are specified in the multiplex option .
Multiplexed digital signals on the highway are applied to a time switch .
Multiplexed input / output lines are called highway ) .
Multiplexed signal of service sources to switching equipment .
Multiplexer 0 converts various service speed of the users to 64Kbps and Multiplexer 1 re - multiplexes 0 group signals of 64Kbps to 1.544Mbps before transmitting them .
Multiplexer 1  , as in the case of the subscriber part , multiplexes 0 group speed of 64Kbps to the primary group of 1.544Kbps or vice versa .
Multiplexing from STM - 1 to STM - N is achieved using the characteristic of synchronization ; each STM - 1 is byte multiplexed ( byte interleaved )  , thus , the bit rate is a pure integer multiple .
Multiplexing is a process of converting several digital signals into one high - speed digital signal .
Multiplexing is utilized to telephone line  , fm stereo and space accuracy test of telemetry system .
Multiplexing means that subscribers use a transmission line commonly by using cable  , several frequencies and time in partition .
Multiplexing methods are classified into word interleaving and bit interleaving types .
Multiplexing of STM - 1 and above is called byte - interleave multiplexing . As shown in Figure Multiplexing to N 155.53 Mb / s ( STM - 1 ) SDH interface and frame structure  , a multiplexing method of simply multiplying the STM - 1 frame in byte units ( 8 - bit units ) by N times is employed .
Multiplexing or demultiplexing function denotes the translating sequence of multiplexing or demultiplexing signals in accordance with the existing digital hierarchies .
Multivendor systems have been developed to allow companies to utilize the characteristics of equipment made by various manufacturers to construct a system .
Mutual conversion between analogue and digital signals is necessary .
Mutual interference should occur if the beam isolation of both beams is not perfect  , which is usually the case , and noise is produced .
MVI ( Multi - Vendor Interaction ) Forum was established by Bellcore  , bocs and vendors to study AIN ( Advance IN ) specifications in the multi - vendor environment , participated by 22 companies .
N = The number of calls made per base station ( assumed that there is Rayleigh fading on reverse paths ) .
N = The number of data bits necessary to designate phase status M .
N will not be constant because i and j are constant but it takes discrete value to satisfy equation ( 2.47 ) .
Namely  , baseband PCM bandwidth is v = logg Q minimum times about message bandwidth w .
Namely  , in transmitting side , the thing which is encoding and interleaving the digitalized voice data ( 9.6kbps ) is multiplexed to the modulated signal by pseudo noise code of 1.2288Mbps ( 9.6kpbs x 128 ) with carrier frequency fo .
Namely  , since Morse invented the telegraph machines in 1835 and the digital mode telecommunication has started by sending the sashes and dots of current , in 1876 , the utilization of the analog mode began with the invention of the telephone by A . G . Bell .
Namely  , the signal - to - noise ratio ( S / N ) ( weighted ) should be equal to or better than 53dB for 99 % of the time and 45dB for 99.9 % of the time .
Namely epochal PCM method is generated when the demand for near carrier circuit is increased and multi use was not possible for having a problem in newly or additional installation of inter exchange cable .
NCC offers paging service with a 512b / s transmission rate and 25kHz channel spacing .
NDC stands for the network destination code .
NE refers to equipment on the communication network  , that execute NEF .
NE refers to equipment on the communication network  , that execute NEF .
Needless to say  , although these two different types of communications , cable and satellite , have different special features and develop separately , they also compete each other to some extent .
Needless to say  , since a geostationary satellite is capable of providing continuously stable communications , it is more advantageous than a low - orbit satellite for use as a communications satellite .
Negotiation of properties required for data transfer during establishment of the data link connection .
Network architecture systematizes all those agreements concerning communication .
Network architectures developed by individual manufacturers are designed for their own products  , not for interconnection with network from other markets .
Network configuration : The FDDI network configuration is shown in Figure 6.17 .
Network configuration by the FD distribution area system has the following features :
Network configuration for establishing master - salve synchronization  , a highly stable and reliable single master clock is provided in the highest - level switch in the network .
Network implementation independence allows network operators to allocate functionality and resources within their network and to efficiently manage their networks independent of network implementation specific developments by equipment vendors .
Network interface cards and terminal servers are controllers .
Network level control is applied by the unit of several hours or days or longer and the network management system relocates the network resources properly or arranges the call admission criteria based on the data about traffic and congestion state reported from each node .
Network management formats are classified as centralized or decentralized according to whether the information processing points are concentrated or distributed within the network .
Network management has been an important theme since the start of OSI standardization work .
Network management systems can be classified as individual management systems that manage individual items of equipment or integrated management systems that manage the equipment for the entire system .
Network planning is sometimes a continuous interactive process of forecasting  , planning and evaluation .
Network provides VCC user with QoS ( Quality of Service ) represented with parameters such as cell loss rate or cell delay .
Network synchronization : to make the clock frequency equal throughout the entire transmission network .
Network synchronization involves synchronizing these switches and transmission lines a single clock .
Network synchronization is utilized in order to synchronize operations of all digital switches in a digital communication network .
Nevertheless  , in such cases no problem arises if the phase is not matched with these neighboring stations form which the radio waves do not arrive so phase compensation is not needed .
Nevertheless  , the implementation of a TDM multiplexer is much less expensive than analog FDM .
New parameters such as location and terminal identification may need to be added to INAP to cover mobile communications .
New services  , such as notification by voice mail systems , are being steadily added to the range for pager services , and the development of integral pagers in cordless and portable telephones seems inevitable .
Newly installed cables must not be multiple - connected at reduction and branch points .
Newton theorized that light is propagated straightforward in particles .
Next  , as shown in figure 2.13 ( b ) , we consider reception of the combination of a radio wave reflected by the ground surface and a direct ray .
Next  , let us consider the transmit multiframe at each traffic station .
Next  , let us read out the content of address # 2 in the secondary time switch at the time of slot # 0 , and put the content into time slot # 0 .
Next  , the quantizing PAM signal is subject to the signal process called coding .
Next  , the relationship between the noise factor ( F ) and the noise temperature is obtained as follows .
Next  , we look again at figure 2.15 and consider the case when the reflected ray with amplitude ration r1 and path length o2 arrives from building @ MUC 3 = 2 .
Next to this optical / electrical conversion circuit  , a regeneration circuit for reshaping electrical signals converted from optical signals into clean digital signals is located .
Next we have the intermodulation noise in the case when multiple carriers are amplified at the same time by an earth station high power amplifier .
NICS ( Netwoek Infrm &amp; Comm System ) consists of SCP and SMS functions .
Nine Points of Initiation ( POIs ) for Global Service Logic ( GSL ) interfaces have been specified .
NNI ( Network Node Interface ) utilizes both the interface of the trunk network and the UNI ( User Network Interface ) Which is the interface between subscriber and networks ; this is further classified into the existing asynchronous NNI and the synchronous NNI .
NNI standardization job carried out under many difficulties  , agreed to use STM - 1 signal standard having 9Bx270 structure and 155.520 Mbps bit rate at the Seoul Conference held in February of 1988 .
No .7 signalling system is designed to handle not only telephone switching but also various other objectives such as data switching and network maintenance  , operation and management by a common system .
No interactions between simultaneous calls are possible .
No other extra actions are required to be taken and capacity channel can be made easily .
No resource is locked  , so there is no problem with deadlocks and no overhead for lock processing .
No the noise power density at the receiver input ( W / Hz )  , and erfc the coerror function .
No.7 signalling system is an inter – network protocol and is required to have high reliability .
No.7 signalling system is an inter – office signalling system for use between exchanges .
No.7 signalling system is generally abbreviated as SS No.7 .
Node A captures a token to transmit data addressed to node C  , and outputs a frame to the transmission line .
Node B also output the token after it outputs its frame .
Node structure matched to each office size and functions .
Nodes in the network that utilize common - channel signaling .
Noise and interference in an analog voice network becomes most apparent during speech pauses when the signal amplitude is low .
Noise due to feed system loss : noise temperature increases by about 7K per 0.1dB loss .
Noise from the earth 's surface does not effect the earth station because directional antennas are used  , but is does effect the communication satellite , since its antennas are pointed toward the earth .
Noise from the feed system is generated by the feed system loss .
Noise generated when the amplitude of input signals exceed the range of quantization is called overload noise or saturation noise .
Noise is usually generated in a transmission path  , transmitter / receiver and converter , resulting in the quality of the received signal being inferior to the transmitted one .
Noise power can exert communication interference at 1000 times of desired signal because noise distributes evenly throughout all channel ( that is  , interference margin is 30dB ) .
Noise received by an antenna : noise from deep space  , atmospheric noise , noise from a sidelobe , noise due to rainfall .
Noises generated from the regeneration system are mostly code error noise and jitters noise .
Non - linear distortion is caused by the existence of non - linear elements  , such as vacuum tubes , transistors , magnetic materials , etc . In the circuit .
Non - loaded cable system comes to the main current of long distance carrier system until the coaxial cable introduced in 1930 - 40s .
Non - telephony services being offered currently require highly advanced and specialized telecommunications facilities and mediums .
Non delivery notification is arbitrary basic service .
Non receipt notification is arbitrary basic service .
Nonuniform quantizing is accomplished by signal processes on the transmit and received side which are called compressing and expanding .
Nonuniform quantizing is considered a reasonable signal process for the following reason :
Normal propagation loss in the addition of propagation loss due to some factor to this free space loss .
Normally  , input to the receiver is the point where the redio waves past through a feeder to enter the receiver , as shown in Fig 4.7 .
Normally  , the actual radio wave transmission path is curved toward the ground as shown in fig 3.3 .
Normally  , the radio transmission is continuous , but at base station other than the phase base station , the transmission is interrupted during phase compensation .
Normally  , there is no relation between local servers .
Normally  , with the digital radio - relay system , the linear transmission line characteristics are improved by using the saturation after reducing the transmitting power to a certain extent without using it near the saturation point .
Normally one party speaks while the other listens but does not speak .
Normally the CPU is a single chip to achieve a small  , light , low power - consumption device .
North American and Japan using ( - law companding and Eropean countries using A - law companding are utilizing different hierarchies .
North American system signals among them have been re - confirmed as the North American Standard by the T1 Committee of North America that has emerged at the same time as the re - set up of the Bell System .
Not compatible with the old method due to the difference in signal level or cost and relatively worse call characteristic including call loss and cross talk .
Not only standardization forums but also other forums are studying different aspects of IN .
Not only that  , studies are being made on the comprehensive personal services including the registration and execution of personal specialized services , and the management of personal schedules .
Not only the interface between third parties and public networks but also interface between different public network should be taken into consideration in terms of open networking .
NOTE 2 : When the mode - field diameter and cut - off wavelength are specified  , there is no need of specifying the numerical aperture .
Note that 1 : 1 USHRS may be configured as 1 : N USHRs  , i . e . ; one protections communications ring is shared by N working communications rings ; however , 1 : N USHRs are no longer entirely self healing .
Note that a combination of loopback and line switch functions ( one on either side of the break ) can be used to restore disrupted service .
Note that for ADMs with TSA  , the default condition in pass - through , and command is needed to drop a tributary signal .
Note that for fiber cable cuts  , . each CO in the DH ( C ) / 1 : 1 / DP network has its own protection switching capabilities , like a normal SH / 1 : 1 / DP , to switch demands from the affected span to the diverse protection span .
Note that if the DH ( C ) / 1 : 1 / ODP architecture is used  , the working span between Office A ( or B ) and HH should pass through the pseudo - hub office .
Note that the Ws / G is a power which can be obtained with an antenna of 1m2 .
Note that this discussion addresses only mutliplex equipment cost . because it is the dominant factor of total fiber transport system costs for intra LATA networks .
Note that when the STM – 0 / 1 signal is scrambled  , the bytes are not scrambled are the first bytes of the regenerator section overhead , the frame synchronizing bytes ( A 1 , A 2 ) and C 1 byte .
Now  , let us consider frequency interleaving .
Now  , let us consider what is a functional group and what is a reference point .
Now  , let us first look at the transmitting system .
Now  , look at the phase vector of the chrominance signals .
Now  , we are going to study each field of signal message .
Now  , as shown in ( 2.21 ) let the baseband input signal be S ( t ) , the signal modulated width the carrier wave having angular frequency wc be E ( t ) , the signal passing the transmission line having transmission function G ( w ) be Eo ( t ) and the baseband signal after remodulation be So ( t ) .
Now  , connect the terminals of the outgoing highways of the primary time switches and those of the incoming highways of the secondary time switches to complete the figure .
Now  , high - speed POCSAG ( signal speed : 1200 b / s ) and improved POCSAG ( signal speed ; 512b / s ) are the international formats , thanks to achievements and have already been introduced in UK , USA , Hong Kong and Japan .
Now  , information other than voice data , such as that in facsimile and data communications is all transmitted in digital signal , because , the digital transmission is superior to analog .
Now  , it is required to calculate the total interference noise arising from various sources explained before .
Now  , let us confirm that the communication facility consists of :
Now  , let us consider a unipolar pulse as a baseband signal as shown in Fig.3.2 .
Now  , let us consider the advantages of TDMA in comparison with those of FDMA .
Now  , let us consider the noise power in a channel in the baseband .
Now  , let us consider the representation of a periodic gate function where period T = and amplitude = 1 shown in Fig 2.2 by the Fourier series .
Now  , let us present a quadrature representation of 4 PSK .
Now  , let us review the development of satellite communications made over the last 4 decades .
Now  , let us study how the initial acquisition is performed .
Now  , the interference from specific mobile units located in neighboring cells are calculated by analyzing a large capacity cellular system .
Now  , the transmission speed of developed LAN is 100 Mbit / s or more .
Now  , we are going to transfer the data of subscribers A and B to the receiving time slots of the associated parties .
Now  , wireless LAN system standard is considered by IEEE .
Now let us consider each layer of  , for example , the basic access of the D channel .
Now let us consider how these stations are configured .
Now the processing method for neuron networking is reviewing .
Now we consider another case where the 1 : 1 / DP hubbing network uses the 565 - Mbps system and the ring uses tire 2.4Gbps system .
Nowadays  , many kinds of optical fiber cable are commercially used in many countries in the world .
Nr is a noise that generated in receiver . It is generally described by equipment manufacturer .
NT and TE are functional group and do not necessarily have a 1 : 1 correspondence with actual equipment .
NT1 and NT2 are often implemented by one NT equipment  , and a coincident reference point S &amp; T is generally placed between the user and network .
NT1 stands for network Terminal 1 and represents subscriber termination .
NT2 represents switching and concentration functions of PABX  , LAN , ect .
NTT decided to respond actively to such requests and started two - route services .
NTT developed a customer LSI for color separation by means of digital signal processing  , which provides good separation character and stability .
NTT DoCoMo 's portable mobile phone  , Mova , which is the smallest in the world , uses specially designed LSIs and the high - capacity batteries made from nickel - cadmium , hydro nickel and lithium .
NTT has also been researching single - chip A / D LSIs  , mainly from power reduction and miniaturization points of view .
NTT has been making efforts to increase NTT 's own shared - use poles  , but the majority of shared - use poles are still those of power companies .
NTT has developed both analog and digital video transmission systems using optical fiber .
NTT is also developing advanced service creation environment ( SCE ) .
NTT is planning to enhance its IN capabilities based on IM CS - 1 specifications including the refinements finalized in 1994 .
NTT plans to introduce its advanced IN capabilities including the above SCI in the mid 1990s .
NTT provides satellite communication services using CS – 3 and JCSAT .
NTT 's current IN configuration is shown in Fig . 3 - 9 .
NTT will have to make a huge investment in a short period to install its own shared - use poles for communications and power lines .
Number of outgoing call connections rejected / number of incoming call connections rejected .
Number of outgoing call connections set up / number of incoming call connections set up .
Number of PDUs containing check sum errors received .
Number of PDUs re - sent / number of error PDRs received .
Number of Spare Duct will be provided as shown in Table 3.4 according to the number of cables to be installed .
Nyex has made no firm commitment to AIN  , but is planning to start field trial of AIN 0.1 by the of 1994 .
O is encoded into ' - + ' or ' + - 'rectangular wave having specific phase at the center point of one bit .
OAM that is executed by the VP levels is called the F4 flow and OAM cells used are called the F4 OAM cells .
Objective data does not make a complete individual element ( record unit ) so  , if elements are distributed , handling is more difficult .
Observation of in - company information communications systems Central Information Education Research Laboratory .
Obtain the pulse or the index of the stochastic codebook that corresponds closest with the prediction residual signal .
Of course  , if the imperfections cause sufficient changes in the signal , detection errors occur and the binary data in the receiver does not represent the original date exactly .
Of course  , methods such as B8ZS ( Bipolar with 8 zero substitution ) are available for securing full channel capability at DS1 level .
Of course  , satellite communications also have disadvantages .
Of course  , there was also a near carrier method of FDM beforehand but it could not compare with the PCM method in term of economical and transmission quality .
Of course  , transmission bandwidth BT is 2 w as in AM .
Of the above - mentioned signals  , the color difference signals ( EI and EQ ) are limited , respectively , to 1.5 and 0.5MHz in transmission bandwidth , and modulate for transport the chrominance subcarrier ( 3.58MHz ) .
Of the aforementioned  , it is condition 3 ) that is most difficult to realize .
Of the basic functions required by a network management system  , failure management and configuration control are the most basic but , due to the recent trend toward total network management , they now include tasks related to the collection and processing of data necessary for reconstruction of the network , not just the data required for countermeasures against network failure .
Of the frequency bands assigned to satellite communication  , the Ka band of 20 to 30GHz which are higher in frequency have been adopted by Japan 's domestic satellite CS .
Of the High - power amplifiers available at present  , travelling wave tube ( TWT ) and klystron ( KLY ) are used .
Of the various propagation paths  , land mobile propagation in the Rayleigh fading area and the method of estimating its electric field intensity are complicated , but they are also the most important .
Of them the characteristics which are normally used are called the roll - off spectra  , which can be represented by Roll ( w ) as shown in :
Of these  , 9b x n x 9 is allocated to the overhead ( SOH ) and AU ( administration Unit ) pointer area and the rest of 9B x n x 261 are allocated to STM - 1 payload envelopes .
Of these  , a pilot signal acquisition feature , mobile unit assisted handoff function and variable rate vocoding features will be explained in the below section .
Of these  , h1 channel interfaced the primary group of ISDN in - the form of 1.536 Mbps H11 channel and 1.9201JIbps H12 channel and accordingly , formed the basis of ISDN together with 2B r ) 144kbps basic interface .
Of these  , in microwave systems , the FDM - FM ( frequency modulation ) system has been mainly used for the transmission of multiplexed telephone signals .
Of these  , in the perspective of ATM access quality , cell loss ( difference caused by the cell loss priority order ) , cell transmission delay ( absolute delay time and delay variation width ) , and cell miss - insertion rate are major factors for indicating the switching system - quality .
Of these  , optical paths can be provided to each subscriber by using the splitter and coupler of passive element and PON ( Passive Optical Network ) method that sends optical signals without processing , re - generation , and not converting them can used to simplify network OAM based on the full utilization of potential low operation prices , high reliability , and the characteristics of passive element .
Of these  , optical paths can be provided to each subscriber by using the splitter and coupler of passive element and PON ( Passive Optical Network ) method that sends optical signals without processing , re - generation , and not converting them can used to simplify network OAM based on the full utilization of potential low operation prices , high reliability , and the characteristics of passive element .
Of these  , soh includes a trunk section overhead and multiplexer section overhead .
Of these  , the application of ones whose first three bytes are pointer ( s ) V1 , V2 , and V3 and fourth bytes V4 have not been determined yet .
Of these  , the largest interference occurs between the ground microwave route and the earth station .
Of these  , the propagation in free space is the basic propagation .
Of these bearer services  , ten bearer services given in this table has been specified by the ITU – T .
Of this interfaces  , the interface having the most basic structure is the so – called basic interface which has a channel configuration incorporating two B channels and D channel , that is , 2B + D .
Of those  , mobile telephone services , which is composed of multiple radio zones and provides multiple interfaces with the PSTN , requires the most mobile communication switching functions .
Offset antennas have very good sidelobe characteristics  , since there is no blocking by sub - reflectors and stays ; they are used when the requirements to reduce interference are severe regarding the circuit design .
Offset antennas prevent feeding parts  , sub - reflectors and their stays from blocking the path of waves , since their positions are slightly offset from the axits of the reflector .
On a certain CDMA channel  , all the signals sent from one base station have the same PN code phases .
On an ISDN interface  , multiple channel types can be used in combination .
On both sides of the network  , receiving and sending terminals are provided for the individual circuits .
On of the strong point of PSK is noise ability ( small error rate ) .
On receiving side  , the code field data is used repeatedly unit new field data received .
On request for switching due to detection of a failure condition  , the OPSC transmits an applied voltage to transfer the incoming optical signal from the optical switch 's working input port to its protection output port .
On termination of data transfer  , deactivation does physical connection between the physical service users ( Deactivation means making data transmission unavailable ) .
On termination of data transfer  , the session layer releases the session connection between session service users .
On the assumption that the pulse can be represented by the basic wave and the third harmonic wave as in Fig . 2.23  , Fig . 2.24 indicated the waveform distortion where the high harmonic component is subject to attenuation .
On the base of 50 Mbps class  , sonet added the concept of hierarchical structure and the synchronous method by pointer , systemized the overhead section , and then opened the new horizon of global communication .
On the bus  , standard sockets are provided for ensuring terminal portability , allowing a maximum of 8 terminals to be connected .
On the contrary  , as the frequency decreases , the radio wave can be propagated to any place , it is suitable for communication to a far distance without a clear view .
On the contrary  , if several types of communications services are integrated into one network for operation , the network , despite a drop in efficiency , can be easily operated , modified and expanded .
On the contrary  , if you fix amplitude and change phase angle in proportion to message signal , then the notion of anglemodulation , a nonlinear exponential modulation , is to be led .
On the contrary  , in case of STS - 1 , only one type of the intermediate signal unit which is called the virtual tributary shall be set up .
On the contrary  , in case the base station is located in an area where a good signal - to - interference ratio is obtained , the base station can transmit the desired signal with output lower than the average transmit output and also reduce interference to other signals in the system .
On the contrary  , in high - level groups generally , a bit interleaving method requiring only a small memory size is employed .
On the contrary  , so called internal blocking phenomenon ( See the Classification by Internal Blocking Status of the 4.3.2 ) due to path configuration is generated and accordingly , several types of buffering are required in order to prevent performance deterioration .
On the contrary  , the coherent optical communication in ( b ) utilizes to a maximum extent every feature of light wave in the information transmission , and has the advantage of high receive sensitivity and frequency selectivity .
On the contrary  , when the angle of reflection is in the range of , 0 - 1 no standing wave is produced as shown in Fig . 1.14 .
On the contrary . ATM divides information signals and then  , loads them onto ATM cells for the transferring through virtual channels .
On the contrary in optical fiber splicing  , as shown in Fig . 1.27 ( b ) , the end surfaces on the cores of two fiber must meet each other with good alignment an contact to make good jointing .
On the D channel  , therefore , logical connection can be set with plural terminals .
On the Earth - station side  , the antenna radiation pattern is directed to the ground , thus causing a large effect .
On the hand  , with nonuniform quantizing , 128 quantizing levels and 7 bits per sample are sufficient to obtain a similar S / NQ to uniform quantizing at low power levels .
On the Japan  , for example , train radio is used to maintain the Takaido , Sanyo , tohoku and Joetsu Shinkansen .
On the longest code generator of n order  , 2n - 1 condition exists and this is repeated in the period of m .
On the map  , necessary information taken from the materials specified in item C below must be entered , as well as the fixed distribution areas and their area numbers .
On the other hand  , if SSCPs are of transit nature all the service calls are routed to SSCP and can be applied to the services of global nature .
On the other hand  , kt has been providing third party billing , credit card calling and international VPN services international making use of the database management capability of the AXE - 10 ( Ericsson ) exchange .
On the other hand  , the voice information is resistant to degradation or distortion of the signal waveform .
On the other hand  , a communication system that can accommodate broadband services from very low transmission speed of several Kbps like remote inspection to very high transmission speed of several hundreds of Mbps including image signal was required .
On the other hand  , a digital exchange connects the digital information 0 or 1 from incoming circuits to outgoing circuits in the form of digital signals .
On the other hand  , a large , memory capacity for storing signals is required as the TDMA frame becomes longer .
On the other hand  , as ITU was re - organized in 1993 , ITU - T SG13 became responsible for the research activities on the standardization of BISDN .
On the other hand  , as shown in Fig 4.17 , with ambient channel interference an ambient channel component with the same polarization as communication satellite circuit is turned in by the filter characteristics of the receiver .
On the other hand  , atm cell can be classified further into a valid cell and invalid cell from the viewpoint of physical layer .
On the other hand  , ATM Forum ( ATMF ) and Internet IETF have promoted standardization in private network since 1992 .
On the other hand  , because car phones are mobile it is not possible to identify the terminal seeking connection or the location of the one receiving the call until the terminal number transmitted from the calling terminal and the location of the receiving terminal from the calling terminal and the location of the receiving terminal are registered .
On the other hand  , bit error rate is increased according to increase M .
On the other hand  , C / N is a function of bandwidth .
On the other hand  , fh can use several thousands of frequencies .
On the other hand  , frequencies that are in the VHF band pass right through the ionosphere , so they cannot be propagated beyond the line - of - sight distance using the ionosphere .
On the other hand  , from 1930 24 circuits methods by PAM ( pulse amplitude modulation ) and PWM ( pulse width modulation ) is developed but is not popular .
On the other hand  , Huygens , in 1690 , argued that light is propagated in the wave like manner ; that is light is propagated in the air in the overlapped state while maintaining a certain phase .
On the other hand  , if fs is lower than twice the value of fm .
On the other hand  , in CDMA the 1st modulation wave of transmitted data is done 2 nd orthogonal modulation by diffusion code .
On the other hand  , in comparison with the circuit mode communication system , the circuit mode employed allocates channels for each service and then , through these channels transfers information signals as continuous bit row .
On the other hand  , in TDMA , the number of carriers accomodated in the satellite transponder in never more than one .
On the other hand  , in the band of 1.3mm wavelength , the loss of optical fiber is the lowest and since the material distribution of abastoes optical fiber is almost 0 , is ideal for sending high speed and wideband information to farther places .
On the other hand  , in the case of single mode fibers , the wavelength dispersion is the main cause of the bandwidth limitation .
On the other hand  , in the networks that have been properly synchronized , time division multiplexing is carried out by synchronizing phases .
On the other hand  , in the peripheral areas of cities where fixed distribution areas are relatively large and demand growth rates are also large , it is desirable to unify wire diameters of main - line cables for shared - use of wires .
On the other hand  , isdn standardization activities , under the initiative of ITU - T in 1980s have influenced many research activities on the integration of various types of service signals and the digitalization of communication network , and has contributed to the development of communication technology .
On the other hand  , it is considered to have a disadvantage of relatively high equipment cost due to large attenuation caused by rainfall .
On the other hand  , it is necessary to keep the transmitting timing error of all stations within the guard time .
On the other hand  , it needs high transmission power and highly sensitive receiver .
On the other hand  , klystron has bandwidth of up to about 40MHz and is suitable ofr the amplification of a single carrier .
On the other hand  , oam made up of the VC level is called a F5 flow .
On the other hand  , one DSI module can receive at maximum 8 sub - bursts in each TDMA frame in order to receive signals from at most 8 destinations .
On the other hand  , optical communication being recorded to the other land marks evolution of telecommunication begun to study in good earnest with inventing the laser in 1960 .
On the other hand  , PIN - PD , as in the case of APD , does not have the amplification function of optical current ; however , it is activated by low voltage ( several volts ) normally used for electrical circuits and also , it can be operated at a faster speed .
On the other hand  , pulses of respective channels are combined on a bit by bit basis in a bit interleaving .
On the other hand  , shared - use installations include various other companies ' lines as shown in Figure 2.14 .
On the other hand  , since a review of G ( w ) shows that the components affecting the spectra of transmitted signals are centralized in the region near angular frequency wc the transfer function can be approximated as follows :
On the other hand  , since QPSK requires only 10MHz , processing gain reduces by 3dB according to 10Mhz / 10Kbps = 1000 .
On the other hand  , synchronous basic hierarchy signals will be utilized as the basic signals of the digital transmission networks , especially the wideband ISDN , in the near future if the demand for network synchronization and wideband service increases as expected .
On the other hand  , t1. committee made a proposal on the use of 149.760Mbps based on SONET .
On the other hand  , temporary splicing is advantageous in case of connection changes , but requires a high - level technique for stable connection .
On the other hand  , the channel of common controls is random access and the burst signal is added the preamble for clock regeneration .
On the other hand  , the common marker system is a method of enabling the common control circuit to control connections via the call switch circuit network of a switching office .
On the other hand  , the digital communications history began as the transmission systems was digitalized , which was prior to the invention of the switching system .
On the other hand  , the horizontal opening of the eye pattern indicates an allowance for the timing degradation .
On the other hand  , the important of securing adequate means of exchanging information is increasingly felt as society advances one step further toward the age of information .
On the other hand  , the INTELNET - II system also allows transmission from VSATs to the hub station or to other VSATs , thus permitting two - way data communication .
On the other hand  , the light of higher order mode ( , whose traveling distance is longer , travels mostly through the low refractive index part of the core .
On the other hand  , the loop distribution area system will be used for fiber - optics line networks in consideration of ( 1 ) quick response to demand , ( 2 ) flexible handling of changes in demand , and ( 3 ) higher reliability resulting from route diversity .
On the other hand  , the method of time slot interchange control in which writing into memories is performed by random control and reading from memories is performed by sequential control is called random write / sequential read control .
On the other hand  , the most important problems related to ATM switching technology , that must be solved currently are to ensure the efficient support of point - to - multiple access in the switching system , the support of channel grouping function used to tie switching ports and group them , and the implementation of large capacity ( Ex : exceeding 1024x1024 ) ATM switching system , and the support of new ATM bearer services such as ABR ( Available Bit Rate ) and UBR ( Unspecified Bit Rate ) .
On the other hand  , the noise power input to the receiver amounts to kTB W as described above and is proportional to T .
On the other hand  , the optical subscriber network is further classified into an active or passive system depending on the characteristics of equipment required between the central station and subscriber residency .
On the other hand  , the process of quantizing , compressing , and encoding PAM signals is called an encoding process and the process of converting PCM signals to D / A , and then , filtering them after expansion to produce original voice is called a decoding process .
On the other hand  , the pulse code modulation ( PCM ) system , one of the TDM - type modulation systems , has drawn considerable public attention as a communications system capable of regenerative repeating with satisfactory noise characteristic ever since its invention by Alec . H . Reeves in 1937 .
On the other hand  , the switch without the internal blocking is called a non - blocking switch and typical examples include a knockout , crossbar , batcher banyan , , ATOM , and prelude switches .
On the other hand  , the synchronous digital hierarchy which started for the purpose of standardizing BISDN 's NNI influenced greatly the BIDSN UNI standard .
On the other hand  , the temporary memory is used to memorize status of each terminal and calls under control , control stages , and the interim results of arithmetic operations carried out .
On the other hand  , the time division method was proposed at the early stage of the electronic switching system development and it is still being researched today .
On the other hand  , the transmission bandwidth of FM is calculated by Carlson 's law .
On the other hand  , the UN standardization job of BISDN implemented by the BBTG ( Broadband Task Group ) came up with Recommendations 1.121 in 1988 at the same conference .
On the other hand  , the underground conduit system must meet 15 years later demands .
On the other hand  , the wire occupancy of central - office entrance cable averaged about 52 % at the end of fiscal 1986 .
On the other hand  , there is a differentiate PCM or DPCM which can reduce the quantizing noise and bit rate by increasing the sampling rate or quantizing the difference of nearing samples .
On the other hand  , this current can be fed into both ends of the tip and ring wires or between tip or ring line and GND ) .
On the other hand  , this synchronization has a disadvantage in that a failure in a higher - level switch may affect many lower - level switches .
On the other hand  , this system requires a wide bandwidth and causes mutual interference noise when the transponder is shared by a multiple number of stations , thus leading to a very small transmission capacity per transponder .
On the other hand  , tsi is a switching process that moves a time slot from one data stream to a time slot in another date stream , as depicted in Fig.1.60 ( b ) .
On the other hand  , various of transmission coding methods such as Biphase , MDB ( Modified Duobinary ) , 4B3T ( MS43 ) , 3B2T , and 2B1Q are being studied currently for digital subscriber transmission method .
On the other hand  , virtual channels included in different virtual paths may have the same VCI .
On the other hand  , voice or video signals require real - time processing .
On the other hand  , when reading out signals from the time switch , addresses are assigned in advance and random control is adopted .
On the other hand  , when the integral multiple of the half - wavelength is not equal to the length of the string , the repeated reflection shown in ( c ) of Fig . 1.8 make the phases of oscillations at various points on the string so random that the amplitude of the resultant wave is reduced to zero .
On the other hand  , when utilizing the North American Method , b2 bits of all the channels are changed into ' O 's in order to send alarm information to the opposite office .
On the other hand in the receiving side  , the received signal from the antenna is passing the band pass filter which has 1.25 MHz bandwidth , and modulated the carrier wave , the same as transmitting side , by 1.2288Mbps of pseudo noise encoder is added to the correlator and the it is filtered original voice data and pseudo noise by digital filter .
On the other hand PPM and PDM have a close relations  , ppm pulse reverses PDM pulse and differentiate and changes modulated edge to position modulated positive ( ) spike and then if these spikes are adjusted a little , the requested pulse is generated .
On the receive side  , detection for the unique words is done separately for two consecutive frames and the unique word is recognized if it is detected in either frame .
On the receive side  , each voice signal contained in the multiplexed signal must be correctly distributed to the corresponding channel by means of another rotary .
On the receive side  , the digital PCM signal is converted into the original analog voice signal through decoding and filtering .
On the receive side  , the pulse for frame alignment is detected and the pulse train following this pulse is separated into the restc attentive channels .
On the receive sise  , the original voice signal can be reconstructed by expanding , the receive compresses signal through an expander which has a characteristic opposite to that of the compressor .
On the receiving path also  , subscriber A corresponds to time slot # 0 and subscriber B to time slot # 5 as on the sending path .
On the receiving side  , the code is interpolated and the signals is accurately reproduce .
On the receiving side  , the received microwave signal is frequency - converted into an intermediate frequency and amplified .
On the reverse link ( from a mobile unit to a base station )  , the source vocoder is located on the corresponding mobile unit and the vocoder should notify the changes in data rate to the modulator .
On the signaling link such signaling information is contained in the message signal unit ( MSUs )  , which also include transfer control functions related to layer 2 functions on the link .
On the transmit side  , an analog voice signal is converted into a digital PCM signal through sampling , quantizing and coding .
On the transmit side  , large amplitude voice signal are compressed by a compressor and than uniformly quantizing .
On the transmit side  , the respective voice signals are sampled at different times by means of a rotary switch and transmitted in the form of a multiplexed signals through a transmission line .
On the user flat  , the communication of user 's information is controlled .
On this basis  , ntt first developed and commercialized intraframe and interframe coding equipment for high quality and economical digital video signal transmission .
On this section  , basic matters of optical fibers , such as the propagating way of light through them , their transmission characteristics , manufacturing and connecting methods are explained .
On transfer or change of the structure of the data base  , all sites must update the DD / D at the same time .
ONA ( Open Network Architecture ) in USA and ODP ( Open Network Provision ) in Europe are good examples .
Once a call path is set up on the telephone network  , that channel is used until the call completion .
Once a normal satellite channel is connected with an international channel  , the connection is maintained even after voice is not detected any longer on the international channel .
Once a path is established  , the voice of the calling party is passed through sub - network A to the called party .
Once a satellite channel is connected to an input terrestrial channel  , the connection is maintained even when no voice is present on the input terrestrial channel any longer unless a new voice spurt is detected on another input terrestrial channel .
Once converted to Group B  , the conversion to Group A is impossible .
Once he starts to talk again  , the burst rate goes up instantaneously .
Once one of the channels of a new base station is selected  , a control message is sent out to the mobile unit asking it to transfer the cal to the selected channel .
Once reaching the destination  , it is again converted into original information .
Once reaching the destination  , it is again converted into original information .
Once receive synchronization has been established  , traffic bursts destined for the station are received based on the use of the SORF as a timing standard .
Once receiving the command  , the both base stations must request the increase of the power level of the mobile unit .
Once the call is completed  , the operator pulls out the cord and returns it into the original state .
Once the call is established  , an independent circuit path between the two users is set up so as to use this circuit as a dedicated line until the call completion .
Once the earth station saturation output is determined  , the required saturation output power for HPA can be determined .
Once the equivalent C / N is obtained for each interference  , the total equivalent C / N can be obtained by this equation .
Once the mobile unit goes out of this circle  , the distance based registration is resumed .
Once the mobile unit has acquired the system  , sync channel need not to be used until the power is up again .
Once the pager receives that group code  , it builds up to receive only that self - group , and shuts down for transmission of any other - groups .
Once the request access is proven to be legal  , it monitors and reports allowed time and activity .
Once the request access is proven to be legal  , it monitors and reports allowed time and activity .
Once the signals of mobile unit paging the base station are received by the base station  , the base station sends out paging signals .
Once the SOTF is defined  , determination of the burst transmit timing can be carried out based on the SOTF as a timing standard .
Once the statistics for attenuation due to atmospheric conditions are available  , the signal - to - noise temperature ratio which one can expect to obtain at the earth - station receiver input for the various percentages of time specified in the CCIR quality objectives can be calculated .
Once the timer is expired  , the mobile unit and MSC delete these areas from the lists .
Once the water level of bucket goes above ' t '  , the cell is evaluated as a commitment violating cell and accordingly , the bucket is not filled with water .
One - to - one and one - to - multiple switching channel connection .
One - to - one correspondence switching channel connection .
One ADM transmits ( adds ) demand destined for Hub A and receives ( drops ) demand form Hub B .
One advantage of TDMA is that it provides for effective use of satellite power .
One assignment message consists of 16 bits  , of which the first 8 bits represent the satellite channel number and the latter 8 bits indicate the international channel number .
One batch consists of one start code and eight groups .
One binary code corresponds to one quantizing level .
One CDC message consists of 32 bits  , of which 30 bits are actual information bits and the last two bits are parity bits .
One characteristics of a multiple access link is that radio waves transmitted form a number of earth stations can enter the amplifier for one transponder at the same time .
One code block is composed of 12 information bits  , 11 check bits and one dummy bit , that is , 24 bits in total .
One common method of measuring the quality of a digital transmission link is to add parity or CRC bits to the message stream .
One data code word has 4 digits of numerical data .
One digital link is used between two end office on the integrated digital network illustrated in the diagram .
One drop - out unit is necessary for each subscriber telephone set .
One DSI module can handle at most 8 destinations .
One DSI module generates one DSI sub - burst per TDMA frame .
One extreme case is that a third party would provide the service logic ( SCF ) and access the IN exchange ( SSF ) of the public network to control the calls .
One frame of the North American Mode is 125us ; one ' S ' bit  , that is , a frame alignment bit , is added into multiplexing voice 192 bits ( 24 - ch 8 bits ) to configure it with 193 bits .
One frame of the picture contains 525 horizontal scanning lines .
One general approach to controlling sips is to ensure that they occur only in the form of a repetition or deletion of data contained in an entire PCM frame .
One group believes that SS No.7 should be fully compatible with the seven layers of OSI .
One group consists of a synchronization signal  , four address / data discrimination codes , sixty - four code words and four reserve signals .
One important point when considering the design of a radio link is how much lowering of circuit quality can be allowed for propagation in space .
One important sub - function is involved in the function of terminating the transmission lines  , that is , the alignment of phases of frame structures .
One is a direct intensity modulation D - IM system  , FV - 4M - A .
One is a method in which the FDM / FM carrier system is not associated with video carrier but is dedicated for the sound program signal .
One is broadcast to all traffic stations and the other is individually transmitted to each traffic station .
One is called the primary reference station and the other is called the secondary reference station .
One is called the step - index optical fiber ( SI type for short ) in which the refractive index changes in step between the core and clad .
One is conversion at voice channel level and the other is conversion by the transmultiplexer at multiplexed signal level .
One is FEC ( Forward Error Correction )  , in which only the receive side determines the error locations in received data and makes correction ; the other is ARQ ( Automatic Repeat Request ) , in which the receive side is only used to detect errors and requests the transmit side to retransmit the data .
One is fully synchronous interface and the other is plesiochronous interface .
One is intrinsic optical fiber loss  , and the other is additional loss caused when optical fibers are actually used in communication systems .
One is public service system  , such as for police , fire - fighting , emergency , electric power , and traffic , the other is the system for individual or company business .
One is the interference from terrestrial radio relay systems which share the same frequency bands such as 4GHz and 6GHz .
One is the single - mode optical fiber ( called the SM type for short ) which allows only one propagation mode .
One is to increase withstanding strength by firmly fixing optical fibers in position  , and the other is to alleviate the effect of external force by putting optical fibers in free condition .
One is to support the managed object 's execution of its own functions  , and the other adjustment between system management and the managed objects .
One means of incorporating control information into a digital transmission link involves time division multiplexing the control as a separate but easily identifiable control channel .
One method of multiple access is the conventionally used Frequency Division Multiple Access  , ( FDMA ) method .
One multi - frame is formed with 12 frames of these tapes .
One multiframe consists of 16 consecutive TDMA frames and its length is 32msec .
One Nack is received from any node  , the continuous transmission request is carried out to receive Ack and each node release the resource assigned after burst have passed its own node .
One normal satellite channel comprises 16 PCM samples .
One of the advantages of CDMA is that path loss is great as in the case of FDMA and TDMA system .
One of the advantages of using TDMA is that it requires less base station radio equipment  , and can thus reduce costs .
One of the bursts RB1 and RB2 is the primary reference burst which provides the source of timing for burst synchronization of the traffic station .
One of the important advantages of the digital switching system is its capability to use the signals of digital transmission without changing them .
One of the important parts for the designing of forward link waveform is a pilot signal .
One of the important problems to solve this conversion problem is to minimize noise generated when obtaining certain - leveled electrical signals from optical signals that have been weakened during the conversion process .
One of the issues is how and whether a third party can provide its own services making use of the IN capabilities of the network operator .
One of the main characteristics of CDMA system is its capability to discern multipath signals .
One of the major features of INTELSAT DSI is multidestination operation .
One of the major features of the INTELSAT TDMA system is centralized system control by the reference stations .
One of the methods available for this purpose is the conversion of the time slots in one time slot flow to the time slots of the other flow by mutually connecting several time slot switching groups with the logic gate .
One of the methods for raising the degree of multiplexing and increasing the efficiency of the time switch is to arrange digitalized serial signals of 8 bits parallel for application to the time switch .
One of the most basic features of an ISDN is that a wide range of telephone and non – telephone services can be supported by one network .
One of the most important characteristics of the earth station antenna is the sidelobes .
One of the most important factors in the telephony channels of the satellite communications circuit is C / N and threshold margin .
One of the most important items of the refinement is to use the X.500 capabilities at the interface between SCF and SDF as part of INAP .
One of the most troublesome considerations in the design and maintenance of an analog network is the need to eliminate crosstalk between conversations .
One of the objective of IN is to allow the inclusion of capabilities in the telecommunication network to facilitate service / network implementation independent provisioning of services in a multi - vendor environment .
One of the pair of reference stations in the same region transmits RB1 and the other transmits RB2 .
One of the predominant features of sunchronous transmission is that it is capable of accommodating layered concepts .
One of the primary requirements of an analog component  , however , is that it be linear .
One of the problems in optical fiber communication is that light to be injected into the optical fiber from a light - emitting device tends to spread radically ( diffraction of light ) lowering the incidence efficiency .
One of the simplest examples of priority rules is FIFO ( First - In - First - Out ) .
One of the two primary reference stations in the east and west areas is called the master primary reference station which plays dominant roles in monitoring  , control and network management of the TDMA system .
One of the two reference stations transmits RB1 and the other transmit RB2 at nominal timing to all the transponders in the community .
One of them is a technique used against echoes in telephone circuits ; the other is an error control technique used in data communication .
One of them is used in searching and the other three are used as data receivers .
One or more FEs can be located in the same physical entity .
One or more FEs may be realized in a physical entity .
One or more traffic bursts may be inserted between RB1 and RB2 .
One overload satellite channel consists of 16 PCM samples each of which contains 7bits .
One PCM sample consists of 8bits  , the first bit of which is called the MSB ( Most Significant Bit ) and the 8th bit of which is called the LSB ( Least Significan Bit ) .
One satellite channel consists of 16 PCM samples  , that is , 128 bits .
One satellite channel consists of 64 symbols  , which corresponds to 16 samples of a PCM signal .
One selector and corresponding vocoder are required for each call processing .
One Service Channel message consists of 32bits  , of which 30 bits carry actual information bits and the last two bits are parity check bits .
One Service Channel message is transmitted over one multiframe by the Service Channel of eight symbols per TDMA frame .
One signal point can represent amplitude and phase at the same time .
One subscriber station cannot accommodate plural subscribers .
One such system  , in variants suited to home security , factory monitoring and environmental control required in agriculture and market gardening , works by transmitting given sensor detected events to the pager .
One TDMA frame consists of two reference bursts  , ( RB1 , and RB2 ) , and a number of traffic bursts .
One TDMA frame contains reference bursts and traffic bursts with a guard time between bursts ; Traffic data is transmitted by traffic bursts .
One the contrary in FDMA and TDMA  , the signal is orthogonal in each frequency domain and time domain in order to avoid the collision of calling user signals , in CDMA , the characteristic is that it is orthogonalized in code domain .
One the other hand  , cdma is that broadband radio channel is shared with multi - users but each do code identified communication by using orthogonal intrinsic diffusion .
One the other hand  , the lower the frequency , the greater the distance the radio wave can be propagated .
One then deduces the signal to noise ratio S / N or the corresponding BER and checks that the system satisfies the quality criteria established .
One token cycles though the trunk loop transmission line  , and only the node that captures that token has the right to transmit .
One traffic burst can contain up to 8 DSI and DNI sub - bursts in total .
One transponder is selected as the Timing Reference Transponder .
One VCI ( Virtual Channel Identifier ) is assigned to each virtual channel and one VPI ( Virtual Path Identifier ) is assigned to each virtual path .
One VP - AIS ( VC - AIS ) OAM cell is sent from the connection point toward the downstream every second when faults are generated and the sending is interrupted immediately when the fault are released .
One VP - RDI ( VC - RDI ) OAM cell is sent every one second when VP ( VCC ) faults are generated even if the VP - AIS ( VC - AIS ) state is declared at the end point and the sending is immediately stopped when fault causes are repaired .
One VP - RDI ( VC - RDI ) OAM cell is sent every one second when VPC ( VCC ) faults are generated even if the VP - AIS ( VC - AIS ) state is declared at the end point and the sending is immediately stopped when fault causes are repaired .
Only a limited number of translation type services can be realized with the Centralized In scenation under the competitive environment of the European telecommunications market .
Only a small amount of memory is needed to store the stochastic codebook .
Only limited capability may be made open to third parties for the security reason  , but this scheme has very much possibility for customers to be able to design and use their own services .
Only limited mid - call a ability of notification type is provided for CS - 1 .
Only power which is instantaneous light strength is utilized .
Only specific subscribers are allowed to make calls .
Only terminal to which the data is addressed accepts and receives it .
Only the cable of the main line in a fixed distribution area is standardized with a cable - wire diameter that supports the fastest subscriber in the area .
Only these aspects of the BCSM are the subject of standardization .
Only those signals exceeding predefined margin are received as new pilot signals .
Open - Loop synchronization : this is a method used to determine the burst transmit timing by calculating the distance of each earth station from the satellite based on the measured or estimated satellite position .
Open Loop Acquisition : the approximate burst transmit timing is determined through a calculation based on the measured or estimated satellite position ; and a short burst containing only the preamble is transmitted at the approximate center of the assigned time slot .
Open loop synchronization can be applied to both spot beam and global beam operation and is simple compared with other methods of burst synchronization .
Open networking has very much implication also on IN .
Open system : The system utilizes OSI standards  , such as those for host computers , terminals and networks , for the items that comprise the computer network .
Open wire  , non - loaded cable , and loaded cable are used instrument the voice transmission system for local circuits and short distance toll circuits .
Open wire carrier system is rapidly retreated when it is used for a short distance  , local circuit and then practiced with cablization of open wire circuit , non - loaded cable system , a short distance carrier system since A type open wire carrier has been practiced in America in 1918 the first over the world .
Open wire circuit has a little loss but often crosstalk and a often loss variation by the climates and a weakness against the inductive interference from external as compared with the balanced cable .
Open wires  , cables and insulated wires are used as the conductors .
Opening / closing of the gate switches is controlled by the highway control memory ( HCM ) provided for every outgoing highway ( of highways 12 and 22 ) of the space switch .
Operability at low signal - to - noise / interference ratios .
Operation costs are increased by the larger scale of networks  , the increase in number of components and the greater complexity of operation .
Operation systems assuming remote connectrated maintenance .
Opinion equivalent Q ( Qop ) is defined as the speech to speech - correlated noise ration of the reference signal recommended by the CCITT whose MOS is equal to that of the test signal .
Optic carrier obtained from light emitting elements currently available is not stable enough to transmit information after phase or amplification change and most of them are not single frequency carriers .
Optical communications  , unlike wire and wireless communications that respectively use wires and free space as transmission media , is a system of sending information via optic fibers .
Optical communications unlike wire and wireless communications that respectively use wires and free space as transmission media  , is a system of sending information via optic fibers .
Optical fiber cable : when used in a LAN this medium is usually quartz optical fiber with a conductor having a core diameter of 0.05 - 0.1 mm .
Optical fiber cables are well - suited to digital transmission because trey are basically intended for transmission of digital signals .
Optical fiber cables systems can transmit a large quantity of data with extremely low transmission loss and are expected to form main digital transmission system in the future .
Optical fiber communication also allows simultaneous transmission of signals with different wavelength ( wavelength multiplexing ) .
Optical fiber communication systems are featured with various advantages  , when compared with systems using conventional metallic cables , utilizing characteristics of optical fibers , light - emitting and light receiving devices .
Optical fiber has many positive inherent characteristics  , compared with metallic cable , such as low attenuation , wide bandwidth and no electromagnetic signal induction .
Optical fibers are arranged to convey light confining it in the core by utilizing the total reflection phenomenon of light as explained in the preceding chapter  , the phenomenon is realized by setting the refractive index of the clad a little smaller than that of the core ( 0.2 or 0.3 % less ) .
Optical fibers are classified into two groups by propagation mode .
Optical fibers are completely different from conventional metal wires also in principles of jointing .
Optical fibers are featured with small diameter and light - weight as well as excellent transmission characteristic .
Optical fibers are of much more broad band than conventional metallic balanced pair cable and coaxial cables in the base - band frequency characteristics as Fig . 1.2 in previous sections shows .
Optical fibers are said to be very small in diameter like human hair  , which refers to the clad 's outside diameter of about 0.1 mm .
Optical fibers are thin and flexible lines that transfers visible light and infrared rays .
Optical fibers can be connected either by a semi - permanent connection called splicing or temporary connection ( optical fibers can be connected and detached ) .
Optical fibers can be roughly classified in to two groups by difference in refraction index distribution in the core .
Optical fibers manufactured based on these characteristics can be largely classified into three types shown in figure in accordance with cross section refraction ratio distribution and shapes of light propagation .
Optical fibers may experience connection loss due to the following reasons .
Optical fibers with a plural number of propagation modes like the above mentioned example is called multi - mode fibers .
Optical fibers with only one propagation mode like this are called single mode fibers .
Optimized for operation with digital networks where switches use stopped - program control ( SPC ) .
Option means a specific layer 2 and all the layers above it .
Order registration : This is carried out when a corresponding base station makes a registration .
Ordinary PAM pulse consists of anti - rectangular wave unipolar pulses that maximum amplitude is proportion to instance sample value of message .
Originally  , the banyan structure that has been proposed in order to connect efficiently multi processors and memory module while Goke and Lipovski were carrying out research on the parallel computer structure is a switch having only one path from one input to another output port .
Originating calls restricted according to screening list  , possibly overridden by PIN code .
Orthogonality allows another instance of the same or a different single - ended feature to apply to another party in the same call as long as the feature instances do not have feature interaction problems with each other .
OS is the system in TMN  , that processes information related to the network operation and maintenance &amp; management and it carries out the function of OSF and provides the WSF function selectively .
OS is the system in TMN  , that processes information related to the network operation and maintenance &amp; management and it carries out the function of OSF and provides the WSF function selectively .
OSI management  , which has also been under study for a long time , in finally beginning to show results .
Other aspects of more handy mature are being studied by design and implementation engineers .
Other available T - carrier equipment include T1C  , T2 , T3 , and T4 .
Other BOCs are also working on AIN  , but not so actively as the above three .
Other concepts played indispensable roles in realizing this concept .
Other definite terms related to mapping  , multiplexing , overhead , and synchronization are almost same .
Other detailed information and system related information on synchronization are transferred from the synchronization channel of base station to the mobile unit .
Other failures are protected based on normal APS protocols switching to the electrical protection channel when tire detected LOS or BER exceeds the threshold on that working fiber system .
Other five information bit structures described in the Figure 3 - 18 are used for the mobile unit .
Other interferences are assumed to be very small ( the modification on the second )  , assumption is explained in the part specifying the CDMA Capacity Calculation Equation ) .
Other LECs are also planning to deploy AIN capabilities .
Other major materials to be collected are as follows :
Other network operators in Japan are also actively working on IN capabilities .
Other peaks lower than that of main beam are called sidelobes .
Other standard of multi - media LAN system is FDDI - II considered by ANSI .
Other system such as those form Northen Telecom are also used for such services as Centrex and VPN ( GVPN ) .
Other terminals that can be classified according to operation speeds and synchronization methods are called general terminals .
Other than the above requirements  , some factors of environments must be considered in accordance with surrounding conditions under which cables are used .
Otherwise  , the capability of PHS is similar to that of cellular systems .
Otherwise  , the protection OLTM ( associated with Office A ) at the foreign hub will not receive continuous signals and will nor remain in the working mode due to the use of 1x2 MOSs at originating COs .
Out of band channel already allocated for all the signal messages .
Out of band channels already allocated for all the signaling messages .
Output jitter and wander are determined by the internal oscillators when failing to carry out synchronization and transfer characteristics are meaningless .
Outside plant construction is often restricted by seasonal agriculture activities  , road construction and so on .
Outside plant engineering should take into consideration the effects of weather conditions such as storms  , typhoons , snow , icing , temperature change , etc .
Outside plant route and kind should be determined considering maintenance ease .
Overall demand and development demand ( on a rough estimation basis ) in the service area must be extracted from the general condition survey materials .
Overall demand including demand for leased lines and the like must also be extracted .
Overall Noise Source of Receiving System in Satellite Communications .
Overheads are ulitized fully after being classified into SOH  , POH , and PTR .
Overheads required on the paths are not processed and instead  , transparently passed .
Overload satellite channels are usually produced by eliminating the LSB 's of PCM samples in normal satellite channels and collecting the stolen bits .
Overload satellite channels as well as normal satellite channels undergoing bit stealing contains 7 bits per sample .
Owing to the recent advancement in coding technology  , ntt commercialized a second generation intraframe codec ( VC - 32M CODEC ) and interframe codec .
Owing to the variable nature of the information output  , there is a possibility for the buffer memory to overflow or underflow .
P - NNI specification researched in this group mostly handles the ATM - LAN routing and addressing .
P is the center of a cell which advance i cells from a side of the cell which contains a center ' O0 ' .
Pacific Bell is running several field trials of AIN 0.0 and is planning to deploy AIN 0.1 by the end of 1994 .
Packet switching system A determines a switching system to which received packet is sent .
Packet switching technology was developed by the U . S . Air Forces based on Paul Baran 's proposal made in 1961 to meet for the need to set up a highly reliable communications system .
Packet type terminals are terminals run based on the X.25 protocols recommended by ITU - T .
Packets transmitted from the originating terminal are stored temporarily in the packet switching system .
PAD fills CPCS - PDU from the end of payload to the beginning of trailer to make the length of CPCS - PDU be a multiple integer of 48 octets and reserved field is inserted to make trailer of CPCS - PDU be 64 bits .
Page receipt indicated using light without sound .
Pagers no longer simply send and receive messages but also :
Pagers will eventually be regarded as just another component .
Paging channels available include special modes called slotted mode .
PAM with an analog amplitude converts into digital signals which are discrete signals after going through the quantizing process .
Paper and lead have been used for cable insulation and sheathing for a long time .
Parabola antenna is for microwave using parabola reflector as shown in Fig.2.16 .
Parallel 2 wire or coaxial cable is used in the transmission below VHF band as feeder line  , and waveguide in the transmission of microwave band .
Parallel type time slot interchange is accomplished by using incoming and outgoing highways each consisting of eight physical lines and eight sub time switches .
Parameter change registration : This is carried out when the parameter of mobile unit is changed ( that is  , min or SLOT - CYCLE - INDEX ) .
Parameters which compose a signal message are information which determine the detailed functions and processing of the message .
Parametric amplifiers have the following drawbacks compared with GaAsFET amplifiers :
Part of call charges paid back to called party who provides value - added service .
Part of light entering the optical fiber in an angle that is larger than qn is refracted in the boundary plane of the core and cladding to then goes out from the cladding and accordingly  , long distance transmission is impossible .
Partial display screen : Between specific points ( Narrow area difficult to display on full screen ) .
Partial or total lack of public services  , such as reliable electricity or water supply , access roads , and regular transport facilities .
Particularly  , DSL ( Digital Subscriber Loop ) , ever since its successful commercialization in the later part of 80 's for narrowband width ISDN BRI subscriber access , it is currently proposed as a temporarily used community network method for the early introduction of VDT ( Video Dial Tone ) service and the encouragement of its use .
Particularly  , faults occurred in the system with centralized control functions may have a serious affect on the system operation .
Particularly  , it carries out research on a scheme to accommodate LAN or WAN above AAL layer as well as on a scheme to support LAN emulational , Internet service , multi - media conference and video distribution service .
Particularly  , light emitting diodes are incoherent and accordingly may be regarded as light such as noise instead of carrier .
Particularly  , the vocoder offers high - quality and advanced features when used under the bad radio propagation or operating condition .
Particularly the network management group seems to devote itself to apply the existing requirements and technology rather than introduce a new technology on network management and will concentrate on defining the data flow between private network and public network management systems .
Past actual demand by fixed distribution area must be extracted from the demand management tables by fixed distribution area .
Path switching of a specific path is . independent of other paths 'status .
PC is defined as series of actions taken to discard the cell relatively low in priority from the network selectively in order to ensure the service quality of certain level which is preset by network for cells high in priority and have close relations with the UPC function .
PCBs were introduced in the 1950s  , that made the integration of electronic circuits possible .
PCM coding is applied to each of the grouped voice channels at a PCM multiplexer  , and the PCM signals thus obtained are multiplexed by time division to be transmitted .
PCM is one of the techniques use for transmitting voice signals in digitals form .
PCM primary multiplexing belong to synchronization multiplexing and high - level multiplexing such as M12 and M13 belongs to asynchronous multiplexing .
PCM signal of two or more channels are interleaved on the time scale for transmission through a common transmission line .
PCM signals multiplexed by time division are employed in the TDMA system .
PCM words received are converted into PAM signals by the decoder .
Peak white level A and peak black level B are called reference white level and reference black level  , respectively .
PEC cable has outstanding transmission characteristics .
PEC cable is superior to other cables in reliability of spliced portions and transmission characteristics .
PEC cables must be introduced into sections where intermittent disconnection faults are rampant .
Penetration of IN architectural principals is also highly important for advances mobile telephone networks .
Performance management is realized based on the mutual interworking between the NEs of the network and OSs .
Performance of system management functions depends on system management processes  , of which there are two types , agent processes and management processes .
Performs a comparison of an identifier against a list to determine whether the identifier has been found in the active list .
Performs a comparison of an identifier to the a reference value .
Perspective on future technology implies that it becomes more advantageous to transmit even analog signals in digital form as digital processing technology advances .
PFSK is a modulation method which uses frequency transfer to send information and adjust the phase to prevent the discrete of modulation wave in order to eliminate the frequency bandwidth .
Phase Compensation for NTT 's format ( 1200 b / s ) is done by radio and line automatically and periodically ( at the interval of about 28 seconds ) every frame .
Phase difference does not matter in most 2 phase modulation systems  , but balanced modulation applied to other modulation types like PAM ( Pulse Amplitude Modulation ) is important in DS system as described below .
Phase distortion is caused by attenuation varying speed of transmission  , with respect to frequency .
Phase inversion information is transmitted by changing the phase of the color burst every line .
Phase locked loops are used as jitter suppressers .
Phase modulation is very similar to frequency modulation .
Phase modulation performed with a modulating signal having passed through a differentiation circuit gives the same result as does frequency modulation performed with the original modulating signal .
Phone voting by ringing a specific number to choose one item or giving additional dial .
Photonics is expected to be applied widely in the field of electronics and telecommunication in the coming 21st century .
Photonics is expected to be applied widely in the field of electronics and telecommunication in the coming 21st century .
PHS enables the same cordless telephone terminals to be used not only at home but also outdoors around where radio cell stations ( CSs ) are located .
Physical layer and management plane exchange the information related to OAM .
Physical Layer consists of PM ( Physical Medium ) sublayer and TC ( Transmission Convergence ) sublayer  , and the functions of each sublayer are described in Table 1 - 4 .
Physical layer group completed physical layer interface specifications such as 155.52 Mbps SONET interface  , 100 Mbps TAX interface and DS - 3 from ATM UNI 3.0 specification and established physical layer interface specification for UTP - 3 copper wire at a conference in March , 1993 .
Physical layer is made up of TC ( Transmission Convergence ) sublayer and physical medium sublayer .
Physical media : These are the physical communication channels .
Physical media sublayer in physical layer and transmission convergence sublayer exchange logical code flow  , that is , bit stream and related time information .
Physical medium sublayer provides final transmission stage through optical fiber or coaxial cable .
Physical protocols are used as procedures for communication between the physical entities that provide physical service to data – entities .
PICs identify CCF activities required to complete one or more basis call / connection states of interest to the IN service logic .
Pilot signals are not sent out stronger than other signals and accordingly  , a very accurate tracing is possible .
Pilot signals sent from each base station have the same types of codes but have different phase offsets of spread spectrum codes for identification purpose .
Pilot signals that have exceeded a preset threshold value are maintained for the certain period of time in order to secure the reliability of handoff processing .
PIM : Maximum intermodulation product energy density in 4Hz ( dBW / 4kHz ) .
Pitch synchronization becomes more effective as the period of the input signal decreased and its periodicity increases .
Pitch synchronization does not contribute much to reducing quantization noise ( i . e . differences between the original and reconstructed sounds )  , but it results in signals that sound much more lifelike .
Placed as the 2nd layer in the OSI basic reference model  , the data link layer uses bit array transmission functions provided by the Physical Layer to realize highly reliable data transmission .
Plan A may require the replacement of poles and guys and the transfer of existing cables to new poles due to insufficient strength of such existing aerial structures .
Plane management function manages overall system by intervention between planes  , and layer management function provides management associated with internal resources and parameters of corresponding protocol .
Plane management of BISDN PRM management plane executes system general management and layer management execute user parameter management and OAM information management .
Plastic covered cable has contributed much to decreasing cable failure and simplifying installation and maintenance work .
Plastic materials have many advantages  , such as being moisture proof , light weight , resistant to corrosion , having higher dielectric strength , high resistively , high mechanical strength , etc .
Plural terminals can be accommodated at a subscriber station .
PM function is associated with physical medium used for transmission such as optical fiber  , light emitting element , light acceptance element , optical connector , etc .
PM sublayer provides functions associated with physical medium and bit time information  , and TC sublayer converts ATM cell flow into data bit code flow .
PN ( Pseudorandom Noise ) binary codes are codes used to classify various types of signals that are sent from several base stations to a given mobile unit .
POI is the point where ordinary call processing is suspended and the chain of SIBs is initiated and POR is the point where the suspended call processing resumes .
Point ( D ) above is not a serious problem when each zone covers a wide area and therefore  , the mobile station does not frequently move to other zones .
Point ( E ) can be solved by distributing information on locations to a cluster of several adjacent zones  , considering each cluster as a unit , through paging channels whose frequencies differ from zone to zone .
Point of Initiation ( POI ) and Point of Return ( POR ) for service processing are defined between the BCP and a chain of SIBs .
Points S  , t and R are reference points which are conceptual interface located between functional groups .
Polarization diversity means the technique that receiving signal separately thru different antennas which polaried 900 each other .
Polarization fading is happened when arriving radio wave 's polarization plane is changed according to receiving antenna or ionospheric wave which is affected terrestrial magnetism .
Pole locations greatly influence the workability and safety of pole construction and maintenance .
Poles  , cross - arm , support wires , and hardware are used for supporting facilities , and conduits , manholes , and handholds are used for protection of underground cables .
Police  , defense , meteorological , flood - control , fire fighting , maritime security , aviation safety , and other agencies directly involved in disaster relief activities .
Poor insulation resistance causes high transmission loss  , crosstalk and noise .
Possibility of redundancy increase to decrease bit error rate depends on system parameters .
Possibly severe geographical or topographical conditions .
Postdial delay is one of the principal measures of performance of a signaling system .
Power can be effectively conserved through transmission power control  , intermittent reception in the stand - by mode , the high efficiency power amplifier and the lowering of the IC voltage .
Power distribution of 2 phase or 4 phase DS signal is shown in Figure 2 - 3 with relative amplitude within the range of the first 2 side lobes corresponding to three times of code rate .
Power down registration : This is carried out when the mobile unit turns off power .
Power levels of voice signals are identical on both transmit and receive sides . .
Power up registration : This is carried out when the mobile unit turn on power  , or other systems or analog system are converted into the CDMA system .
Practically these quantizing which have different intervals achieved the uniform level by compressing non - linearly before sampling the message .
Pre - assigned VPI / VCIs are shown in Table 1 - 5 .
Pre - assignment or VPI is identical to VCI pre - assignment in NNI .
Preamble signal : this has 1 / 10 repetition of 9 bits for bit - synchronization .
Preambles of reference and traffic bursts are used for the transmission of control and other data .
Preassigned multiple access is an access method in which satellite channels are assigned to the individual earth stations on a fixed basix  , irrespective of the presence or absence of originated calls .
Preassigned non - interpolated satellite channels are placed after speech interpolated satellite channels .
Predictive coders are classified into an interframe coder  , which exploits the horizontal or vertical correlation of a signal in the same frame , and interframe coder , which exploits the frame - to - frame correlation .
Prerequisites for economical comparison : Comparison must be in terms of yearly expenses at present value .
Present condition and problems of metallic line facilities .
Present networks employing fiber - optic technology use automatic diverse protection routing and dual homing to protect networks from fiber cable cuts and major hub  , failures .
Pretended access to mobile services by non - subscribed users should also be strictly avoided .
Previous discussion covers only adjacent frequency in FH system  , avoiding overlap of frequency interval .
Previously  , the calling signals form a touch - tone dialer were transmitted from the central Base Station .
Principally  , the PCM system was considered inferior to the FDM - FM system in terms of equipment cost and stability , because the high - performance , reasonably priced semiconductors necessary to ensure its operation were not available .
Principles of Intelligent Network Architecture .
Priority is established among the four connection control procedures .
Private network built by using public network resources  , including private numbering plan etc .
PRM ( Protocol Reference Model ) of BISDN consists of management plane  , control plane and user plane as shown in Figure 1 - 5 and management plane function is divided into plane management and layer management .
Processing for service interaction in terms of terminal profile and personal profile needs to be resolved .
Processing precision of 16 - bit data length and 40 - bit product - sum operations .
Processing should satisfy the objectives of the user .
Programmed - control - system : This system drives the antenna based on predicted orbital information concerning the satellite .
Progress in semi _ conductor technology brought about development of high _ performance computers that used ICs  , and introduction of the computer spread .
Progressive wave antenna is used mainly for sending and receiving of very low  , medium and high frequency , and had the characteristic of broadband .
Propagation characteristics were clarified  , then such techniques as voice / data transmission using narrow - band analog FM , mobile switching for hundreds of channels using frequency synthesizes and microprocessor , wide - area mobile communication based on accumulated program control , and use of the No , 7 common channels signaling system , were modified and improved , followed by the introduction of service area in Tokyo in December 1979 .
Propagation loss in free space is the base for all propagation loss and is called free space loss .
Propagation loss is the general name for free space loss defined by the propagation distance and the attenuation that occurs due to absorption by the ionosphere  , air and rainfall .
Propagation route dispersion is not that important in the case of multi - mode optical fiber experiencing a relatively greater inter mode dispersion .
Proper timing will be studied further for overall conversion  , keeping careful watch on the size of demand for digital services , the timing of new demand and the progress of digitalization in subscriber line networks .
Proposed Number of Subscriber Cables is calculated by dividing the value  , added units for demands after 15 years to the economical margin units , decided by increasing number of demands to the units on each kind of cable conductor gauge .
Protecting all of these bits with the same degree of error correction is unwise since they will be not balanced in term of the corrective effect and the associated redundancy .
Protection switching elements are controlled externally by a PSC or internally when simple 1 : 1 protection is required .
Protection switching options include switching based on a specified line rate or individual Digital Signal level 3 ( DS3 ) .
Protocol : Communication procedure to perform exchange between &lt; N &gt; entities . ( Layer 2 : HDLC  , LAPD , Layer 3 : X25 , Q931 , etc .. ...
Protocol between objects like flow control is handled by CS .
Protocol layers used for this are an ATM layer . ATM application layer ( AL )  , and high - level layer .
Protocol originally meant diplomatic rhetoric or a written definition that determines interactions between countries .
Provide the combined polarization diversity signal to the transmit antenna system .
Provides confirmation that information received is syntactically consistent with expected form of such information .
Provides sequencing of calls to be completed to a called party .
Provides temporary measures for small - company VANs ( October 1982 ) .
Provides the basis call capabilities which enable the use of global service logic as well as other SIBs to completely describe CS - 1 services .
Provides the capability of inquiring about the status and / or status changes of network resources .
Provision of a high - speed  , high - quality digital public network .
Provision of the signaling system for the real - time status monitoring of semi - permanent connection .
Ps and Pl represent the power of received signal and local oscillator respectively .
PSI - CELP is the signal coding method of the CELP system employed in half - rate PDC  , and currently attains the lowest bit rates .
PSK and QAM modulation method is used for digital signal transmission by microwave .
PSK can save 3  , 4 dB power compare with ASK and FSK under the same error rate and differential coherent PSK ( DPSK ) technique is invented to avoid time synchronous problem considering the detector complexity and increasing of system cost .
PSK had been developed during the initial period of space development program and currently  , is used widely for military and commercial communication systems .
PSK is an efficient data modulation method in the remote measurement field .
PSK modulation corresponds the carrier phase according to the input signal code .
Pt – Lt Gt in equation 4.2 expresses the practical power sent toward the receiver .
PT is used to indicate the user information and congestion of user information cell .
PTT Netherlands has been providing such services as freephone  , premium - rate ( kiosk ) , credit card calling and world - wide VPN ( WVPN ) based on the pre - IN architecture in which services calls beginning with certain prefixes ( e . g . 06 ) are routed to specialized exchanges .
Public system means that the communication system is accessed to public switched telephone network  , there are vehicle telephones , cordless telephone , pockectbell and so on .
Public UNI address format for identifying ATM terminating end point .
Public UNI and private UNI address format for identifying ATM terminating end point .
Public UNI is regulations to be applied when the user is directly connected to ATM exchanges of public ATM network  , and private UNI is specifications used when the user is connected to private ATM exchange or ATM LAN exchange .
Pulse amplitude modulation ( PAM )  , pulse width modulation ( PWM ) and pulse position modulation ( PPM ) are analog pulse modulation method similar to linear modulation and exponential modulation .
Pulse code modulation ( PCM ) has been used to transmit analog signals  , such as a voice channel , over digital transmission lines .
Pulse stuffing and destuffing are usually carried out in the multiplexer on the transmit side of switch A and the demultiplexer on the receive side of switch B .
Pulse transmission do not care for complete regeneration of waveform but detection of pulse  , separation of more than two adjacent puises , and measurement of amplitude or time position .
Pulses of 8 bits are arranged in parallel by a serial / parallel converter ( S / P ) as shown on the slide .
Q3 is located between a part connecting MD  , QA , and NE two OSs that passes through DCN .
QAM allows for the free layout of signal points as well as for easy modulation and demodulation utilizing the quadrature property of signals .
QPSK can reduce required RF band to a half but processing gain reduces as much .
QPSK transmission is a scheme to restrict high frequency band under a given code rate .
Quality cannot usually be improved by just by modifying one part of the equipment .
Quality of service ( QOS ) needs to be taken into consideration .
Quantized values are represented by binary codes .
Quantizer and variable length encoder performance .
Quantizing error is very sensitive to the large message pulse which has a big pulse peak rate  , like audio signal .
Quantizing noise must be proportional to signal amplitude over a wide amplitude range .
Quantizing with a constant quantizing interval is called uniform quantizing .
Quartz optical fibers contain not only the main material of pure quartz ( SiO2 )  , but also various additives ( dopiness ) such as germanium ( Ge ) , boron ( B ) or fluorine ( F ) , etc , for changing the refractive index .
Quatizing noise can be suppressed to a permissible degree in practical terms by increasing the number of quantizing levels .
R is the capital of receive and the D – channel bit  , which is the received signal when viewed from NT , is called Dr .
R is the distance from the center of a cell to the adjacent cell and r = 3XR .
Radio - based electronic mail distribution systems are already available in the United States .
Radio channels allocated telephone the entire system were classified into tree groups  , with radio zones set up for frequency rescue , thus provided mobile equipment with tree access to 16 radio channels .
Radio communication characteristics and classification .
Radio communication in which one or both parties are mobile is called mobile radio communication .
Radio communication is indispensable for such mobile radio communication .
Radio communication is suitable for transmitting the same information to several destination in one direction  , such as broadcasting .
Radio communication makes the use of the space as the transmission medium .
Radio communication may use the same of similar frequency by changing the distance or propagation direction .
Radio communication paths can be established in a short time by installing radio equipment at the transmission and reception points and relay points .
Radio communication propagates radio wave in the space  , without installing cables as in wired communication , and has the following disadvantages .
Radio communication using communication action satellites is called satellite communication .
Radio Link Control Techniques for mobile communication .
Radio paging services were first offered in Japan by NTT .
Radio transmission is used to transfer information through the space as a transmission medium using radio waves as show in fig 1.1 .
Radio wave does not propagate in the ideal form as it is in free space because of the influence of earth surface and tropasphere .
Radio wave is a kind of electromagnetic wave  , and has characteristics similar to the wave speed over the water surface as shown in fig 2.2 .
Radio wave is not completely interpreted in theory because it is affected not only by tropasphere and ionspheric layer but also by the planets including the sun .
Radio wave used in satellite communications must penetrate ionospheres and the atmosphere around the earth but radio waves with high frequencies suffer absorption and various types of attenuation in the atmosphere  , particular , during rainy periods .
Radio waves are electromagnetic waves  , and are in the same group as light , infrared radiation , and X - ray .
Radio waves are sine waves  , so they are represented by the following sine function ( 2.2 ) using frequency frequency , amplitude A , and phase ỵ .
Radio waves from a part of the electromagnetic wave and are similar to light waves  , ingrate rays , x - ray , etc .
Radio waves with two frequencies are required for bidirectional communication .
Railway mobile communication include both business - use radio and train public telephones .
Rainfall attenuation and unavailability are described in a separate section .
Raleigh fading of the reverse link is unrelated to that of the forward link .
Random control is a method of control in which addresses in the time switch do not correspond sequentially to the order o10 the time slots T1 = Tn but are assigned in advance upon writing into or reading out from the time switch .
Random Write Sequential Read ( RWSR ) method that writes data randomly from the input side and reads them sequentially from the output side  , and Random Write Random Read ( RWRR ) method that writes and reads data randomly .
Rapidly in creasing traffic makes larger - scale networks necessary .
Rate of expansion of residential and commercial areas  , and past opening of factories and large – scale stores .
Rather economical subscriber terminal because of mass production .
Ratio Comparison of the number of channels on each incoming highway to a serial / parallel converter to the Ratio of the number of channels obtained in one frame on the outgoing highway from the multiplexer through multiplexing per highway is 2 : … .
Rayleigh dispersion occurs when the change of the refraction rate of optical fiber takes place in an area smaller than the wavelength of light used .
RB1 and RB2 are transmitted to all the transponder in the community one after another by the two reference stations respectively .
RB1 necessarily precedes RB2 in each frame but RB2 is not always allocated immediately after RB1 .
Read signal on the highway  , the digital signals A , B … and N for n channels are arranged sequentially at time allocations t1 , t2 … and tn , respectively , in the period of 125us .
Reading from the primary time switch is accomplished sequentially .
Reasonable high dielectric strength is required to protect the outside plant itself  , as well as maintenance personnel and s , from danger .
Receipt Notification is an optional service .
Received FH signal is combined with locally generated duplicated signal and is regulated by a specific frequency difference f of { f1 + f2 … fn } x { f1 + fIF + f2 + fIF … fm + fIF } created in front of synchronization status by instantaneous code of transmitter and receiver .
Receiver C / N refers to the ratio of carrier power to noise power at the input to the receiver .
Receiver noise is generated from a low - noise amplifier .
Receiver power is the most important factor in determining the quality of a satellite communication circuit .
Receivers sensitive to both wavelengths are available  , and two wavelengths in the 1270 - to 1330 - nm range could also be used .
Receiving signal is amplified and multiplied by synchronized reference code in transmitting and receiving sides .
Recent trends in the design of electronic products for commercial use ( i . e . computer  , hi - fi components , calculators ) emphasize reduced size and increased performance .
Recently  , various predictive coding methods have been developed for realizing this objective .
Recently  , dummy speech signals and measurement devices such as EPOQ have been proposed for objective evaluation of speech , but they are not completely dependable .
Recently  , however , due to further development of computer technology , such as processors , it has become popular for document communication between office sand for personal computer communication as part of the trend toward downsizing .
Recently  , mobile communication system is one of various application in radio communication fields .
Recently  , new system are digitized except TV relay lines .
Recently  , optical fiber transmission systems are developed in long distance and high capacity trunk network , and urban area 's local network .
Recently  , paging service are flourishing all over the country .
Recently  , plastic materials are widely used for these purposes .
Recently  , quadrature amplitude modulation ( QAM ) that combines amplitude and phase modulation is used to transmit digital signals efficiently .
Recently  , satellite communication system has been considered as a viable solution to rural tele – communications .
Recently  , the Ku band frequency is used to solve interference with ground lines and meet the increasing demand .
Recently  , there have been increasing demand for mobile communication capability while riding in cars , trains , on ships and while flying as well as in isolated area .
Recently this type of antenna is used as earth station antenna of satellite communication .
Recommendation 579 provisionally stipulates that the availability of the link  , which is defined as ( 1 – outage time / required time ) , should be greater than 99.8 % of a year , when only outages due to equipment are considered .
Recommendation Q.921 is set out for layer 2 which is a data link layer and Recommendation Q.931 for layer 3 .
Redundancy reduction coding methods for a television signal are based on :
Redundant configurations for all intra - and inter equipment systems .
Reference 7 Hierarchical Structure of Traffic Burst .
Reference 8 Status and Control Codes in CDC message .
Referring to the bandwidth quantizing sample is generated by fs &gt; 2w per second .
Referring to the method of ordinary access ( Fig a . ) and the method of parallel access ( Fig . b )  , calculate the number of channels ( that is the number of time slots ) can be interchanged by 16 times of access .
Reflection of building surface around configuration and things of the ground .
Reflection of water surface or metallic building surface .
Reflection on the boundary surface can be shown using a light ray as illustrated in Fig . 1.13 ( a ) .
Regarding demand fluctuation  , when the radio of increase in the resulted value to that in predicted value is X , and yearly increase is t , the probability density function , f ( X ) , is expressed in a gamma distribution ( fluctuation coefficient : K ) as shown in figure 2.17 .
Regarding the setup of the function structure or reference configuration  , bisdn is the same as those of ISDN .
Regenerative repeaters are suitable for interfacing with TDM equipment and thus for data insert and drop - locations .
Region 1 : Europe  , Africa , Former Soviet Union and Eastern European countries .
Regional IN standardization activities all over the world provided inputs to ITU - T to develop global international IN standards and in turn have been using the ITU - T results as the basis of definition or refinement for regional standardization .
Regression method  , this method use the cause – effect relation between demand and other factors to forecast the demand .
Regular triangular cell shapes is not suitable except special case and regular hexagonal cell shape is the most profitable .
REJ Method : in this method ; while sending a series of information frames sequentially  , if an error is detected halfway , a REJ frame is returned and all of the information frames subsequent to the errored information frame are retransmitted .
REL is the release message which requests for release of the call and connection .
Related to voltage  , pulse , waveform , impedance , and bit speed .
Relational calculus includes  , in addition to ordinary set operations , projections , join , divide and restrict .
Relationships between FEs  , identified in the DF plane , are specified as protocols in the Physical Plane .
Relatively small amounts of noise occurring during a speech pause can be quite annoying to a listener .
Relevant files to each functions are described in Annex - 1 .
Reliability enhancement measures for subscriber line facilities .
Remember that the loss of 0.1dB in the RF circuit generates a noise temperature of about 7K .
Remote Operation Service Element ( ROSE ) : The application layer provides request / response communication in a decentralized system .
Renumbered channels are called international channels .
Repeater spacing is determined by bit error  , and picture quality is determined by the A / D converter .
Repeater stations can be added optionally according to the system requirements .
Repetition or deletion of data in an entire PCM fram to maintain frame synchronization .
Replacing the existing coaxial cables by optical fibers cables  , has improved the intra - office cable accommodations as well as has secured expansion for future improvements in speed .
Reporting of data link errors that can be recovered to the data _ link service user .
Representation of the unipolar pulse having amplitude A  , pulse with t and period T by the Fourier series can then given by :
Representative functions of AAL - 1 - 5 are summarized in Table 1 - 6 .
Representative system include train radio and crew radio .
Represents the sequential number of the last signal unit that has been received accurately .
Represents the sequential number of the signaling unit to be transmitted .
Request : Starting the measure to request the service ( Start of service ) .
Requests and instructions of signaling parameters .
Require - arranging a large number of cables would block the duct entrances  , preventing further cable installation .
Required hopping rate is proportional to RF bandwidth .
Requirements and assumptions  , description of physical entities and user interfaces .
Research and development of a mobile and portable telephone system utilizing small zones first began in the U . S . in the late 1960s .
Researchers and engineers in the advanced countries are working hard to develop this type of digital communications network .
Response : Display completion of the procedure for the start request ( Respond for completion of indicated service ) .
RESPORG reserves 800 number  , create and update customer - specific records , and support maintenance activities such as tracking and clearing troubles .
Restriction in simple calculation of processing gain is that crosstalk between channels is disregarded .
RF band restriction takes an important part in distance measuring system using DS .
RF bandwidth of DS system affects system performance directly .
RFC 1483 prescribes two methods of transferring bridging / routing packet generated on inter - LAN interface using ATM network ; LLC Encapsulations system that transfers packets by encapsulating them into LLC frame and multiplexing on one virtual channel and VC - based multiplexing system that transfers packet using several different virtual channels by high level protocol types loaded on the packet .
RFC 1577 approved in the early months of 1994 defines the reference model for IP communication using ATM virtual circuit and ATMARP / In ATMARP for mutual conversion of IP address and ATM address .
RFP formulated for AIN 0.1 and its deployment planned for mid - 1994 .
Rhombic antenna is terminated with characteristic impedance at the one end of conducting wire  , which makes the conducting wire equivalent to the endless one .
Rhombic antenna shown in Fig.2.10 is a typical one of progressive antenna .
Ring ( loop ) type : As shown in Figure 6.10 the ring type LAN each terminal is connected to a ring shaped transmission line .
Ringing is stopped  , when the called party answers , and at the same time , a path between entry to the relay system from the sender and the terminating subscriber is established , and metering for the charging fee is initiated .
RLC stands for release complete and indicates that the release of the call and connection has been completed .
RM ( Resource Management ) and CAC ( Call Admission Control ) are available in call level control .
RM is a function to assign the network resources so that traffic can be divided according to service characteristics and used for the purpose of making easy the service quality control for call that have already been set .
Ro : number of intermodulation products falling in the band .
Ro represents the responsibility of the detector .
Road not expected to be rebuilt or abolished under city renewal programs  , etc .
Road that permits easy distribution of overhead cables and wires .
Road with fewer underground facilities belonging to other enterprises .
Road with less obstacles  , such as rivers , bridges , railroads , etc which the underground plant must cross .
Road with on firm soil and free from depression  , cave - in and washout .
Roll ( w ) and g ( t ) can be represented as in Fig 2.15 where is used as the parameter .
Round type  , 0.4 - 400 , 0 , 65 - 200 and 0.9 - 100 types are round - type CCP - AP cables .
Route duplication of emergency telephone circuits for use in disasters .
Route where there is no possibility of electrical or chemical affects .
RSD is based on the architecture where an adjunct processor is connected with the associated exchange via a high - speed data link .
Rules will also be required be handle topological decisions ( e . g . which physical switches should be chosen to join groups of subscribers scattered around a network ) .
Rural telecommunication are telecommunication set up in rural areas .
Rural telecommunication installations is not necessarily profitable economically  , but are essential for the economic progress and general social well – being of the inhabitants of rural areas .
S / N can be changed into the absolute noise  , if we know the standard level ( OdBm point ) .
S / N in the highest frequency channel of the baseband is thus improved .
S / N is used as the unit for evaluating the advantages and disadvantages of the PCM method .
S : Supervision of the subscriber loop  , that is , supervision of the ON / OFF switching of the subscriber loop which becomes the base for originated call detection , dial pulse reception , call termination supervision , and answer supervision .
Sampling  , coding and multiplexing on the transmit side and decoding and demultiplexing on the receive side are controlled by clock pulses .
Sampling and TDM for all voice signals are simultaneosy carried out .
Sampling is a signal process involving picking up the amplitude of the analog signal at the regular intervals .
Sampling rate must be selected considering the following factors .
SAR - PDU is at the end of SAR - SDU if AUU = 1 or at the beginning or middle of SAR - SDU if AUU = 0 .
SAR sublayer analyzes header and trailer of SAR - PDU received from ATM layer  , combines SAR - PDUs into CS - PDU if no error is found , and sends to CS .
SAR sublayer of AAL - 1 segments CS - PDU  , adds header and trailer to create SAR - PDU and sends to ATM layer .
SAR sublayer of AAL - 3 / 4 segments CS - PDU of variable length received from CS  , adds header and trailer to creat SAR - PDU and sends to ATM layer .
SAR sublayer of AAL - 5 receives variable length SAR - SDU  , a multiple integer of 48 octets , from CPCS to create SAR - PDU of 48 octets .
SAR sublayer partitions PDU to form user information area of ATM cell and vice versa .
SAR sublayer provides functions associated with U - SDU segmentation and reassemble function and CS provides functions to converge a specific function related to service to higher service layer .
Satellite channels are not necessarily assigned to inactive input terrestrial channels on which no voice signal has been detected .
Satellite communication can be used for fixed and mobile radio communications .
Satellite communication can receive the same radio in a wide area at the same time  , it can be useful for wide area mobile radio communication and broadcasting of mages and data .
Satellite communication employs 4 - wire circuit in which a single transmission channel is dedicated for each direction .
Satellite communication services are classified as shown in table 9.2 .
Satellite communication services are provided by making use of ( 1 ) wide area of service area  , ( 2 ) concurrency , ( 3 ) line setup quickness , ( 4 ) line setup flexibility , and ( 5 ) anti – disaster .
Satellite communication system has been used to provide distance insensitive communication links that are economically attractive in comparison with other systems .
Satellite communications circuits are used for the international transmission of telegraph  , telephony , television , etc .
Satellite lines are introduced in existing television relay network by unilizing concurrency and wideness of satellite communication .
Satellite system are practically uses by the military and international agencies  , but there are political and technical obstacles to using such system for private business .
Saturation is the degree to which the hue is mixed with white .
SBM ( Successful Backward Set - up Information Message ) .
Scatter wave is used in the method of tropospheric scattering relay .
Scattered settlements  , villages , and small towns .
SCE capability is to be included in the REGINA and research in this area is going on .
SCE is a tool to enable service designers  , programmers to easily and efficiently develop the software for IN - based services .
SCE significantly changes the process of service software development .
SCF and CCF / SSF functions integrated into SSCP ( Service switching and Control Point ) .
SCF and SRF functions integrated in SN ( Service Node ) which provides in - band voice / data storage other functions .
SCF located in Adjunct which is connected to SSP through high - speed link .
SCF to SDF access over the network boundary in dermas of IN is essential and SCF to SCF access would also be needed .
Schema can be classified into external schema  , conceptual schema and internal schema .
Schlanger makes the following pertinent observations :
Scope of GF Plane for CS - 1 and definition of CS - 1 SIBs and BCP .
SCP form Ericsson will be connected to three different types of exchanges from Ericsson  , allocated and Siemens .
SCP located remote from SSPs and connected via SS No.7 links with SSPs .
Scrambling is applied for energy dispersal and the traffic burst signal is fed to the PSK modulator .
SDH and SONET have some difference in the variety of transmission rate .
SDH and SONET have some differences in the component signal unit .
SDM means a multiplexing method that may subscribers used a cable simultaneously by binding several separated transmission line into a common cable such as telephone line which made by hundreds or thousands of pair lines .
Seamless services provision over multiple networks is very important to satisfy the customers  , in particular , for those who travel a lot .
Second  , demand per effective telephone pole 10 years in the future is calculated regarding the telephone poles as uniformly distributed in the fixed distribution area .
Second  , equivalent bandwidth of a call connection is calculated from service quality and traffic characteristics for cell loss requested by new call and the calculated bandwidth is added to equivalent bandwidth used by the existing calls .
Second  , sampled samples are quantizing by discrete value which is already established closely or quanitizing level .
Second  , set - up or release is accomplished depending on necessity .
Second  , since optical fibers are thin and light , and do not generate crosstalk between them .
Second  , the recent trend is characterized by the increasing preference for digital networks from the time of the discovery of telephony principles for converting voice energy into electrical energy for call transmission until the invention of the carrier telephone method of multiplexing telephone line .
Secondly  , transmission systems used for transmitting communications information in the acceptable quality level irrespective of the distance must be secured .
Section 2 ) briefly describes the basic functions of the four SS No.7 layers .
Section where future expansion seems extremely difficult : involved in permanent structure as listed below or other factor  , are special section .
Sector cell allocation means forming plural fan shape cell with the directional antenna against omni directional cell omni antenna .
Sector cell is more efficiency than omni - cell site allocation int the same cell site amount .
Securing high reliability is extremely important since optical fiber cables handle very large capacity transmission .
Security is extremely important for mobile communications .
Security management carries out security inspections when the user desires to use network resources .
See a CCIR Recommendation concerning the interference from other satellite systems .
See CCIR Recommendation 353 - 3 specifying the allowable noise power of the FM telephony channel in the hypothetical reference circuit for the fixed satellite service as the barometer to maintain the quality of the circuit .
See equation ( 3 ) in Reference  , this is the expression of the free space loss for the distance of d and the wavelength squared of A .
See equation ( 5.21 )  , you will see that this equation is obtained by adding the emphasis improvement factor [ P ] and weighting factor [ W ] to equation ( 5.20 ) .
See ITU - T I.311 for the connection of signaling system that does not have the meta signaling system .
See Reference  , this graph shows a typical example of the reduction factor of interference for the same size of carriers in the INTELSAT system .
See Reference . Remember well the equation E = 32 - 25 log which expresses the reference radiation diagram .
See Reference there is a item  , which is for the protection of the circuit from short outage which may cause a misconnection of the switch in the telephony circuit or degradation of character error rate in voice frequency telegraphy transmission , etc .
See show in Figure 1.1.4 the system required a terminal equipment attached to the set end of the subscriber line and a cordless telephone set .
See the table No.22.  , this table has been obtained in this way , confirm by yourself the numbers in the Table later .
Selection of different services by call  , simultaneous connection of multiple terminals , and terminal portability .
Selection of two or three systems for each area considering the features and requirements ( rough selection ) .
Sending  , receiving of data link service data units via the established connection .
Sending and receiving speech quality vary with the subscriber 's ability and environmental conditions  , which cannot be managed by the equipment .
Separating channels into the paging channel and the transmission control channel  , and deploying such channels in each radio zone .
Separating channels into the paging channel and the transmission control channel  , and deploying such control channels over more than one radio zone by treating several radio zones as one unit .
Separation of information channel from signal channel ; unrestricted signal exchange during communication .
Sequence { pj } is the sequence of { - 1  , 1 } value having the autocorrelation that is the same as that of sequence { mj } .
Sequence of ATM cells of a specific virtual channel is preserved by ATM layer function and signaling information for connection set - up is transferred through separate ATM cell .
Sequence transfer data control : Guarantees data sequence .
Sequential control is a method of control in which memory addresses in the time switch are sequentially assigned upon writing into or reading out from the time switch .
Sequential execution of different services worth interaction .
Service : Functions that open system entity &lt; N &gt; operates jointly with the other party 's entity &lt; N &gt; to provide an entity one rank higher &lt; N + 1 &gt; .
Service access point ( SAP ) : The point entity &lt; N + 1 &gt; access to receive &lt; N &gt; service is called the &lt; N &gt; service access point .
Service are composed of one or more Service Features ( SFs ) .
Service areas of underground distribution must be expanded two - dimensionally in zones with many large buildings and those surrounding railway station ; in other zones mentioned are within commercial areas specified in urban development plans .
Service calls are routed from an exchange to SDB via standard No.7 call control signalling such as TUP ( Telephone User Part ) .
Service capability requirements and the Service Plane modeling .
Service Channel messages are so important for operation of the TDMA system that protection against transmission errors is ensured by eightfold repetition in addition to the parity check .
Service control and call control processing become intractable complicated if call control information is transported according to the D - AMS changes caused by mobile station roaming .
Service creation is one of the key elements of In in the coming years .
Service grade classification indicated in Table 2 - 3 are defined in ITU - T I.211 .
Service implementation independence allows service providers to define their own services independent of the systems developed by equipment vendors .
Service in both modes provides procedures for transfer insured operation and transfer uninsured operation .
Service interaction  , which is one of the key issues for the success of long - term IN , is jointly studied by many research bodies in the form of workshops .
Service interaction is being studied in many organizations and it is expected that many issues concerning service interaction can be resolved .
Service interaction means contention of processing for multiple services  , non - deterministic processing or unexpected processing .
Service source interface is at the connection points between the circuit terminating equipment and the signal sources  , and this specifies the transfer requirements of each signal source .
Service subscriber ( who obtains a service from a service provider and is responsible for the payment of the charges ) control of some subscriber – specific service attributes ; .
Service subscribers have access to the service management function by means of the interactive videotext system also in the France Telecom network .
Service subscribers have access to the service management function by means of the interactive videotext system and multifrequency tone ( DTMF ) signalling .
Service to Global Functional ( GF ) Plane : Service Features ( SFs ) within the Service Plane are realized in the GF plane by a combination of SIBs including the Basis Call Process SIB ( BCP ) .
Service user ( who has access to and makes use of services ) control of some user specific service attributes ; .
Services combining a sensor and pager are also available .
Services provided by AAL - 3 / 4 are classified into message mode and stream mode  , depending on data type to transmit AAL - SDU to AAL layer , that is , AAL - IDU ( Interface Data Unit ) type .
Services to meet the requirements of individual companies are to be provided making use of the flexibility of IN .
Set - Request is used by the Manager to ask an Agent to update and object value .
Setes lines with untits of 24 channels ( 1.5M ) electronically for each of multiple 52M signals .
Sets of eight pulses which express the binary code are sent one after another on the transmission line .
Setup methods available are the method of corresponding the paging channel with a traffic channel and the method of using only 63 traffic channels without using paging channels .
Several ATM switching system set up methods are available that can meet the above requirements and new development trend .
Several ATM switching system set up methods are available that can meet the above requirements and new development trend .
Several combination methods are available according to the interleaving of groups  , words , and bits .
Several complex calculations and operations can be performed by using basic circuit several times according to the memories memorized in the program .
Several earth station set up lines mutually at the same time via a communication satellite ( common repeater ) .
Several highways with small degrees of multiplexing are gathered and multiplexed into a highway with a large degree of multiplexing and then connected to the time switch .
Several hundred or thousand of VSATs form star network  , centered around a master station ( hus station ) with a relatively large antenna of 7 to 10 m in diameter .
Several items can be measured automatically or manually  , such as the frequency response , the transmission loss , the noise performance , the bit errorratio and the signal to quantizing noise performance .
Several terminating lines in different regions reached with a unique directory number .
Several types of new nonvoice services ( data  , fax , video , ISDN , and others ) are run in data rates that are different from that of the vocoder .
SFs are the lowest level of services such as Call Forwarding ( CF ) and Reverse Charging ( REVC ) .
SG11 defines information modeling required by the B - ISDN switching equipment and signaling equipment and the requirements of equipment operation .
SG15 defines the information modeling on the B - ISDN transmission equipment and the requirements of equipment operation .
SG4 currently performs the job on two WP ( Working Party ) ; SG4 WP5 ( also called briefly as WP4 / 5 ) defines TMN management services and functions for supporting the B - ISDN whereas SG4 WP3 ( also called briefly as WP4 / 3 ) is responsible for expanding and then  , defining GNIM ( Generic network Information Model ) which is the basic information model of TMN , in order to support the B - ISDN .
SG4 currently performs the job on two WP ( Working Party ) ; SG4 WP5 ( also called briefly as WP4 / 5 ) defines TMN management services and functions for supporting the B - ISDN whereas SG4 WP3 ( also called briefly as WP4 / 5 ) is responsible for expanding and then  , defining GNIM ( Generic network Information Model ) which is the basic information model of TMN , in order to support the B - ISDN .
SGMP is  , as the mane indicates , a simple protocol for monitoring of gateways to a network .
Shared buffer type switch has the following types of : the type equipped with shared buffer only in inside of the switch such as buffered banyan  , 3 steps , shared buffer memory ) proposed by Kuwahara , and the type equipped with the external output end of switch including Prelude or Hitachi switch , and the type equipped with shared buffers both on the input and output ends like Sunshine switch .
Shared use must be vigorously promoted  , particularly when NTT 's and power companies ' poles are installed on narrow roads with heavy reaffix and where the local community and road administration request to improve the situation where the poles occupy both sides of the road , obstructing traffic .
Shared use of poles for NTT 's communication lines and power lines greatly reduces pole installation and maintenance costs  , allows effective use of road , reduces poles effects on traffic and improves the appearance of cities .
Should employ the common circuit signaling method having a remote control switching function .
Should fluctuations in the transmission line characteristics occur  , the eye aperture is not constant , causing the signal level to decrease , the frequency characteristics of the transmission line to change , and the inter - symbol interference to increase .
Should the home hub fail  , the DH ( C ) / 1 : 1 / DP has the capability to reroute demands of special COs to their foreign hub through their normal outgoing working fiber system or protection system ( depending on which span has fibers through the pseudohub office ) .
Show signal processes involved in converting an analog voice signal into a digital PCM signal .
Shown in Fig . 3.14 is a ring modulation circuit  , which consists of transformers and diodes .
Shown in Fig1.1 is a digital optical fiber transmission system that is most widely used today .
Shown in Figure 2 - 23 is the phase status of balanced QPSK and unbalanced QPSK .
Shown in Figure 3 - 2 is the relative result of the interference of each base station located around the center base station .
Shown on the slide is a highway used for a digital exchange ( KDD 's EX10 ) which provides a transmission speed of 8.488 Mbit / s .
Shown on the slide is a T - S - T type network with two highways each with 24 miltiplexings .
SHR architecture that fall into one of these general categories may differ in the protection - control mechanism used to restore disrupted services .
SIB is a building block  , to realize service functions , commonly applicable to a number of services .
SIBs ( Service Independent Building Blocks ) are standard reusable network - wide capabilities used to create services .
SIBs are independent from any specific functional and physical architecture .
SIBs are realized in the Distributed Functional Plane by a sequence of particular Functional Entity Actions performed in the FEs .
Signal - to - noise ratios on individual transmission systems are necessarily higher .
Signal A was written in the preceding time slot T1 .
Signal B ' was written in time slot T2 of the preceding frame .
Signal being sent via a transmission line are subject to interference such as noise .
Signal information for connection set up are transferred via separate ATM cells .
Signal level stability  , signal - to - noise radio , linear distortion non - linear distortion are the factors which determine circuit quality in television transmission .
Signal points are arranged on the vectoe diagram to represent signals of PKS and QAM modulation of signal point layout .
Signal processing functions required at this time are those that process only part of overhead information .
Signal quality is estimated base on the average value of signal - to - noise ratio in one frame .
Signal So ' ( w ) that can be obtained by feeding signal S ' ( w ) to the transmission line having transmission  , function G ' ( w ) can be represented by the equation :
Signaling format BPRIV ( Binary Class – IV Partail Response ) and CAP - 16 ( 16 Carrierless Amplitude Phase Modulation ) were suggested and CAP - 16 of them was selected .
Signaling link failure detection by means of signal unit error monitoring and signaling link recovery by means of special procedures .
Signaling links convey signaling message between two signaling points .
Signaling network management is made up of three technical areas :
Signaling on analog links therefore represented a significant administrative and financial burden to the operating telephone companies .
Signaling VCC is used to set up or release VCC for end - to - end communication .
Signaling VCC is used to set up or release VCC in VPC pre - assigned between two UNIs .
Signals A  , B … and Z arranged on the incoming highways are switched by the space switch .
Signals converted from a serial to a parallel pulse train by the serial / parallel converter are transmitted on eight physical lines from the converter .
Signals from all of the stations exist at the same position in the transponder in terms of both the time and frequency .
Signals from each Receiving antenna are synthesized for space diversity by selecting a Receiving antenna with a larger receive power or by controlling the phase of the receive signal so that the receive output of the two Receiving antennas are the maximum .
Signals handled by the ISDN user part are all transferred in this message format .
Signals of types ( 1 ) and ( 3 ) are exchanged before the start and on completion of call services  , while signals of type ( 2 ) are exchanged while call services are being provided .
Signals outputted on the transmission line are broadcast to all nodes  , but only the destination node recognizes its address and receives the signal , then communication is completed .
Signals processes such as echo control  , bit rate reduction and encryption are amenable to digital device technology evolution .
Signals transmitted by each earth station have the same carrier frequency fo and occupy the entire frequency bandwidth of the satellite transponder .
Signals which are transmitter through exclusively established mutual control channels fall into the following four categories .
SIGNET 7 was originally prepared to allow the independent LECs to access the common LIDB ( Line Information Database ) storing subscribers information and card verification data  , administrated by US Intelco .
Similar concepts for compatibility are also applied to the PAL and SECAM systems .
Similar functions are concentrated in the same layer to increase the independence of each layer .
Similar systems have been introduced in Europe  , so Table 1.1.4. shows a comparison .
Similar to the ITU - T activities  , AIN &gt; was performed in a pharsed approach .
Similarly  , it is necessary to synchronize the field ( vertical ) .
Similarly  , the first backward signal is interpreted as Group A signal .
Similarly  , the mobile unit answers the message of paging channel through the use of access channel messages corresponding to these .
Simple FSK uses 2 frequencies and transmits signal by assigning f1 in case of mark and f2 in case of space .
Simply put  , ITU - T SS No.7 is described as international standardized general purpose common - channel signaling system :
Simply sticking to the above - mention rule should not choose the 600 - pair cable .
Simultaneously  , the system controller switches the call from the original base station to the channel of the new base station .
Since  , the sampling frequency is 8kMz , the time length of a 8 - bit signal is 125us .
Since 1.544Mbps is the basic bit speed  , most of the digital switching system have circuits for interfacing with this bit speed .
Since 128 bits are carried by 64 symbols  , one satellite channel comprising 64 symbols corresponds to one channel of 64kbit / s PCM signal .
Since 32 Mb / signal has been selected as the transmission rate composite coding  , 3 fsc ( fsc is the color subcarrier frequency ) can be regarded as the upper limit of sampling rate .
Since a computer network was introduced for the first time in the 1970 's  , network architectures have been disclosed by many manufactures .
Since a passive communication control procedure is adopted  , a node failure does not affect the rest of the network .
Since a satellite circuit is accompanied by a propagation delay of about 0.3 second per hop  , the throughput drops in cases in which an error is detected at the receive side ; the transmit side automatically retransmits the same data ( ARQ ) .
Since a satellite in the space is used as a relay  , the transmission path is not easily affected by disasters on the earth .
Since a teletype signal is transmitted using one symbol for a channel  , it is possible to transmit teletype signals up to 8 channels in one transmitting burst .
Since a traveling wave tube ( TWT ) has a wide bandwidth of amplification which can cover all of the frequency bands allocated for transmission  , it is useful for handling more than one carrier , as shown in the following figure ( 2.23a ) .
Since actual amount of information per one cell is 48 bytes excluding the header part  , this means that the time of 6 msec is delayed .
Since actually traffic is concentrated into the center  , many channels are allocated on the central cells .
Since all possible time offsets can be used as valid addresses  , a great number of addresses can be provided .
Since all the previous optical communication system were suggested at the situation of point - to - point systems  , the concept of the optical communication was regarded as a revolutionary one .
Since B channel dedicated for transfer of user information and does not handle signalling information  , d channel has the role of the transfer of signalling information .
Since BISDN or ATM communication method is a up - to - date method introduced at the end of 1980 's  , the details are still in the development stage , and BISDN and ATM are often used without discrimination because ATM communication is a new communication method for the implementation of BISDN .
Since C / I value is determined based on the rate between distances rather than absolute distance  , during the initial stage , it was believed that system capacity could be expanded without limit through the utilization of frequency reuse technology .
Since C / N is the value for input at the receiver  , the noise occurring at the antenna and in the feeder system must be converted to a value at the receiver input point , as shown in Fig 4.13 .
Since calls are generated at random locations  , the location of the gateway node ( G ) is also random .
Since CDC messages are extremely important  , there are protected against transmission errors by parity check and eightfold repetition as in the case of Service Channel messages .
Since data communication does not require real - time transmission so severely as does telephone and TV  , it allows a greater propagation delay due to transmission via satellite .
Since data in these time slots can no more be written into the time switch  , these time slots cannot be assigned in the circuit .
Since data packet passing through a logic channel are transferable via different path  , the data packet sequence may vary .
Since demodulation is an operation inverse to modulation  , if Eo ( w ) is represented So ( w ) , a relation similar ( 2.23 ) holds , and Eo ( w ) can be represented as :
Since different time slots are assigned to all the earth stations  , the signal from only one earth station occupies the satellite transponder at any given time , and the situation never occurs in which signals from more than one earth station occupy the satellite transponder at the same time .
Since digital circuits are inherently four - wire  , echoes are eliminated , and true full duplex , four - wire digital circuits are available .
Since digitization occurs only at the first level of the TDM hierarchy  , high - level digital TDM is even more economical than high - level FDM counterparts .
Since each zone beam area is contained in hemispheric beam area . Reference stations can transmit and receive signals for both hemispheric and zone beams .
Since extended MIBs are systematized within SNMP  , their handling is the same as for standard MIBs .
Since fading does not occur on these signals at the same time  , the outputs of receiver can be combined with various ways and accordingly , system performance is reduced only when all the receivers are in the fading state at the same time .
Since frequencies allocated to mobile communication services are quite limited  , and the demand of mobile communications is explosively increasing , more effective frequency utilization and more economical system implementation are required .
Since GCRA algorithm uses two parameters ( T and t )  , it is generally indicated as GCRA ( T , t ) .
Since high - voltage alternating signal is used call signals  , the system should be capable of handing surge generated during the transmission and equipped with circuit mal - operation prevention means .
Since importance is placed on high - speed transmission  , transmission line utilization efficiency is low .
Since it does not transfer data according to determined transfer data  , this service can change routes for each group of data to be sent .
Since it is a passive type network  , the failure of one terminal has no effect on the rest of the network .
Since it is an active network  , failure of one terminal makes communication impossible for the entire network .
Since it is an active network  , with each terminal reproducing / relaying signals , it can be used to construct larger networks than can be built using a bus type LAN .
Since it is not possible to beak down the isolated gate function by the Fourier series  , the frequency , components are obtained from the Fourier integral shown in the following equation .
Since it transmits through multiple channels  , it can simultaneously handle voice and images in addition to data .
Since mobile radio lines are shared by many subscribers and they move  , different technologies from ordinary telephone , such as mobile unit call , charging , position registration , and busy channel switching , are required .
Since more than eight signals cannot be assigned by phase changes only  , the QAM modulation method that assigns signals , by combining the phase and amplitude is used .
Since n1 = n2 in actual optical fibers  , some weak electric field is observed in the clad .
Since one connection control procedure is performed by one assignment message  , three connection procedures can be performed in each TDMA frame .
Since one multiframe is 32msec  , one control frame is 1.024 seconds .
Since outside plant facilities are directly influenced by available equipment  , atmospheric conditions , geographical features , city planning , road planning and so on , designs for construction are required to completely match regional features .
Since overhead bits defined in the new synchronous interface are used  , an error occurred between terminals or repeaters can be located accurately .
Since power of many higher harmonics is included in sideband frequency on modulation  , narrow band restriction of RF band brings about restriction in rising and falling time of modulatioon band .
Since satellite circuits suffer an enormous amount of loss  , as explained above , it becomes necessary to use high - power transmitters and high - sensitivity receivers as well as high - gain antennas for transmits on and reception .
Since satellite movements differ from each other when seen from the each depending on the orbit in which the satellite is located  , satellites can be classified into low - orbit satellites and geostationary satellite .
Since several areas are listed  , the system can prevent the multiple registrations of area borders .
Since several earth stations share the satellite repeater  , a technology , such as time – division multi – access connection system ( TDMA ) and frequency division multi – access connection by dividing and assigning the time and frequency band to earth station appropriately .
Since simple binary FH system has inherent high error rate for small interference  , other data transmission system is required .
Since single mode fibers are small in core diameter and relative index difference  , so that it is difficult to clearly recognize the border between core and clad by optical approach .
Since speech signals normally change relatively slowly as shown in Figure 6.4  , it is possible to use the present and past signals to predict the future signals with very high precision .
Since spot beam operation is employed in the INTELSAT TDMA system  , burst synchronization is usually achieved by feedback closed loop synchronization controlled by the reference station .
Since statistical multiplexing system is used to accommodate various speed of traffics in ATM networks effectively  , more various and complicated traffic management and control functions should be provided than the conventional STM networks where the peak transmission bandwidth is assigned to each traffic regularly .
Since such a LAN service support the connection between the existing LAN and ATM network according to the bridging system  , then ATM end system and existing LAN end system are available in addition to the connections among the LAN end through the ATM network .
Since test signal generator and detector circuits are built in the equipment to enable test from the outside  , there is no need for measuring equipment as required in existing equipment during installation , operation maintenance .
Since TH system is easily affected by interference  , combined system with FH system should be applied to exclude interference that might induce big loss in single frequency .
Since the amount of absorption and reflection varies with change in the state of the ionosphere  , an intensity fluctuation of incoming waves , called scintillation , is produced .
Since the amplitude of the quantizing noise dose not exceed the quantizing interval .
Since the antenna is mostly installed away from the transmitter or receive  , a feeder is required to transfer signals between the antenna and transmitter or receiver efficiently .
Since the ATM switching network must support the distribution service such as VDT whose demand is expected to be increased rather drastically  , it must have a point - to - multi points access function .
Since the ATM switching network must support the distribution services such as VDT whose demand is expected to be increased rather drastically  , it must have a point - to - multi points access function .
Since the BCSM is generic  , it may describe events that do not apply to certain access arrangements .
Since the bipolar random gate function as shown in Fig . 2.9 does not have any periodic component  , it does not have any linear spectrum .
Since the burst position in the TDMA frame is predetermined by the Burst Time Plan for each traffic station  , the traffic station transmit its burst with a predetermined delay in timing after the SOTF .
Since the change in the air density depends on the meteorological conditions  , the radio wave transmission path changes , and the receive electric field deteriorates of changes .
Since the change in the varactor capacity due to the exciting signal is used for amplification  , low - noise characteristics are obtained by reducing the internal resistance of the varactor diode , which is in series with the capacity .
Since the chrominance sub - carrier frequency fs is an odd multiple of half of the line frequency f it has to be arranged in such a manner that the frequency 4.5. MHz is a multiple of an integer with fs  , in order that ( 4.5. MHz - fs ) may be an odd multiple of half of fh .
Since the circuit size increases in case that m increase or the bit rate is high  , it is advantageous in case of low bit rate such as 3B .
Since the content of the control store for time slot T2 is 1  , signal A is read out from address # - in the time switch .
Since the control store repeats reading control form the time switch  , the control store may be designated by means of a turning barrel as shown on the slide .
Since the control unit and terminals are connected 1 : 1 the total transmission line length can be longer than it is for the bus or ring type LAN .
Since the control unit provides centralized management of the LAN  , if the control unit fails , no communication is possible .
Since the datagram method does not have a logic communication path  , the sequence control carried out at the subscriber terminal rather that on the network .
Since the distance between the earth station and the satellite is very long  , a very weak radio wave is received .
Since the distance effect caused by signal receiving can not be eliminated with only the simple signal processing  , a certain transmit time band should be allocated to avoid the overlapping of several signals at the same time .
Since the echo suppressor cuts echo by switch operation  , the beginning part of a speech may sometimes be lost ( initial syllable clipping ) .
Since the entry of NCC  , radio paging services have improved greatly .
Since the existing satellite communications circuit is quite different in its composition with each other depending on the situation of each country  , it is necessary to provide such a hypothetical circuit to design the circuit under the same condition .
Since the first segment of ' + 'signal and ' - 'signal are straight lines  , there are 15 segments .
Since the frequency allocation interval is the multiple of 30kHz  , the interval between two adjacent CDMA carrier waves is 1.23MHz .
Since the frequency band for an NTSC signal is 4.2 MHz  , sampling rate fs must be more than 8.4 MHz .
Since the frequency band is wide  , it is used for long – distance transmission , but the relay interval is short ( 2 to 4 km ) to prevent influence of rain , and it is disadvantageous for maintenance and construction , and therefore , it is not used today .
Since the frequency component  , F ( jw ) of the impulse is 1 , we obtain :
Since the gain of a parabolic antenna can be considered to be a function of its diameter  , antenna diameter is used as a parameter to evaluate parabolic antenna performance .
Since the geostationary satellite orbit is a single line 360 degrees around the earth  , it is a limited resource .
Since the interference caused by base station with low call traffic does not have a serious affect on base stations that need to process a great number of calls and accordingly  , more channels can be allocated to those base stations .
Since the length of a TDMA frame is 2 msec  , the length of a multiframe is 32msec .
Since the load can easily be concentrated on a specific node  , if the control node goes down , the entire system stops .
Since the magnitude of the Rayleigh scattering is proportional to the hitting temperature at which performs are drawn  , if we can lower the heating temperature , the Rayleigh scattering becomes smaller .
Since the matching of hybrid circuits is not perfect  , a reflection of signals takes place at the 2 - wire / 4 - wire conversion part .
Since the number of bits that can be used for coding is limited  , most techniques use only a limited number of representative pulses .
Since the number of frequency channels used is much smaller than that of code chips  , all the frequency channels that fall within the entire code length are used several times .
Since the optical detector can detect only the power of input electromagnetic wave  , the output signal current I ( t ) which has gone through the detector is :
Since the original network is set up within a limited range  , its components can be arranged freely , without any limitation .
Since the packet switching is run with the digital transmission mode represented by 0 and 1  , its transmission quality is excellent .
Since the packet switching system  , for switching , employs a stored switching mode that stores data onto the memory in the switching system by the packet unit , the processes are easily carried out in the switching system and a wide range of services can be provided .
Since the picture signal extends from white at A to black at B  , this region is lower than the black level and the sync pulses cannot appear in the picture .
Since the pilot PN sequence of each base station has different offset  , the sync channel frame of every base station is different from each other .
Since the process of sampling is equivalent to the amplitude modulation .
Since the propagation speed is inversely proportional to the refractive index  , time for the light ( to propagate over a certain distance can be made almost equal to time for the light ( to propagate over the same distance by properly choosing the refractive - index distribution profile .
Since the pulse time width is we obtain the power spectrum Ws ( w ) corresponding to equation ( 2.16 ) as :
Since the reading from the primary time switch is sequential  , the sending path information of subscriber B must be stored at address # 2 in the primary time switch .
Since the receive frame is determined by the reception timing of the reference burst  , the Start of Receive Frame ( SORF ) comes after the Start of TDMA Frame ( SOF ) at the satellite with a delay equal to the propagation time from the satellite .
Since the sampling frequency of PCM coding is 8kHz  , the frame length of a PCM signal in 125us .
Since the sampling rate for voice signals is 8 kHz .
Since the serial - parallel conversion is performed before modulation in this system  , the signal rate on the transmission path becomes a half of the input signal rate ( clock rate ) .
Since the signal becomes larger as it passes through each amplifier  , effect due to noise gets smaller at each stage .
Since the signal EQ of the double sideband transmission requires a bandwidth of 0.6 MHz  , in order to keep the amplitude - modulated chrominance sub - carrier with the chrominance signals within the bandwidth of 6 MHz , the chrominance sub - carrier frequency must be allocated at least 0.6 MHz lower than the upper limit of the video bandwidth .
Since the size of interference on other users determines the system capacity when employing the CDMA system  , system capacity is increased as much as two times .
Since the speed of electromagnetic wave is the same as the speed of light  , there is a relationship of equation ( 2.1 ) between frequency f and wavelength ? as shown in fig 2.3 .
Since the switching network of a digital exchange consists of semiconductor memories and gate circuits  , the digital exchange is greatly different in circuit performance from the conventional analog exchange using mechanical contacts and does not pass DC current of high - powered signals .
Since the switching system is not directly involved with information passing though that communication path  , it does not impose any restrictions on information types , code , and transmission control order .
Since the symbol rate employed in the INTELSAT TDMA system is 60.416 M - bauds  , the theoretically required bandwidth is 60.416MHZ .
Since the TDMA system employs the same type of control mechanism as in the analog system  , similar problems are generated .
Since the telephone switching systems is the basic for public communications  , they must be cost - effective and capable of providing high - quality call services .
Since the time allocations of the signals t1  , t2 … and tn are determine by the times at which the Read signals is sent to the memories of the individual incoming circuits , it can be considered that the individual incoming circuits correspond respectively to the time allocations on the highway .
Since the traffic station cannot measure the time interval between the reference and the burst transmitted from the traffic station  , a reference station located in the opposite area covered by another spot beam is in charge of measurement .
Since the transmission delay ratio generated on link in high - speed communication network are increased  , there is no big differences in transmission delay priority at nodes .
Since the U . S has the most interest in network management standardization ( not just that for OSI management ) it is playing a central role in its development .
Since the vector locus of band limited signals does not shift on the circumference  , the waves are different from genuine 4 PSK signals .
Since then  , the demand for new telephone installations has decreased , the demand structure has changed as represented by an increase in subscriber relocations , and the demand for non - telephone services has grown .
Since then  , the work of revision and updating has been carried by working groups from both the short - term and long - term viewpoints , including development of an MIB ( Management Information Base ) as a gathering of managed objects .
Since there are 16 blocks each consisting of 256 addresses  , the total memory capacity of the time switch is 256 x 16 = 4096 addresses .
Since there are 8000 frames in a second  , the bit rate become 2.048 Mbit / s .
Since there is no suppressing function on the continuous O codes  , the receiver has hard time to extract its own timing .
Since there is the interface concept  , of course , this cannot be any vital difference at all .
Since these problems have a serious effect not only on speech coding but on all aspects of speech processing  , including speech recognition , there is a definite need for a speech synthesis model that can be applied more universally .
Since they have a fixed amplitude at a detection timing  , however , they may be regarded as PSK .
Since this configuration can operate as a pipeline architecture  , in which the multiplier and adder operate ion different data simultaneously , the chip is effectively capable of performing one integral calculation per machine cycle .
Since this course of study contains the subjects regarding FDMA and TDMA  , let us study the features and usage of FDMA and TDMA in these lessons .
Since this is equal to the period of the rotation of the earth  , it appears as if it is stationary when viewed from the earth .
Since this loss not only attenuates is installed as close to the antenna as possible in order to reduce the feed - system loss .
Since this means that noise increases as frequency increases  , this noise is called triangular noise .
Since this method uses the digital circuit  , it is expected to be directly circuited in the near future .
Since this structure occupies a area of 9B x n x 270 ( B = byte ) during 125ms  , and accordingly has a bit rate of n x 155.520Mbps ( = 9 x n x 270 x 8x 8 kbps ) .
Since this value is within the allowable deviation of 15.75 KHz for monochrome television  , practically no effect can be observed in terms of compatibility of color and monochrome television .
Since unavailability due to equipment failure is much smaller than for rain  , it is not necessary to consider it in circuit design .
Since UPT can prove itself to be effective by being offered on integrated services in multiple networks including fixed - communications networks  , it is important to standardize the method of roaming between international / domestic networks the IC cards and terminal interfaces .
Since various features of the packet exchange technique can also be efficiently utilized in the satellite communication  , this technique is expected to play an important role in configurating satellite communication networks for data communication .
Sine America in 1934 has announced that the coaxial cable is proper transmission media to super multiplexing transmission  , l1 system ( short distance 480 circuit , long distance 600 circuit ) is practiced in 1941 as a coaxial cable system the first all over the world , which became the respective wire transmission system configuration with the basic route all over the country because the super multiplexing of up to 10 , 800 circuit is in use in the present .
Sinewave signals are time distributed while passing through the transmission line and front / end codes are subject to mutual interference .
Singapore Telecom ( ST ) has been providing city wide Centrex  , freephone , universal number and flexible routing services in its domestic network using tandem exchanges and SCP , both from Fujitsu .
Single – phase commitment can control transactions that update a single data base  , but not transactions related to multiple data bases , as in a distributed database system .
Single connection call ( only one connection per call ) .
Single mode optical fibers are extensively used in both the intra - office line and inter - office transmission lines .
Single point of control describes a control relationship where the same aspects of call are influenced by one and only one Service Control Function ( SCF ) at any point in time .
Single polarity signals inputted are first converted into bipolar forms .
Sip control is one of the most important techniques in network synchronization .
Sky wave is the electromagnetic wave that changes its route at the ionospheric layer  , gathering body of electricity shaped at the altitude of 100 - 400km , and comes back to the earth .
Small interval when the pulse peak rate is near 0  , large interval when the pulse peak rate is in edge - side .
Small number of subscribers scattered on widespread area .
Small zone has following characteristic comparing with large zone .
Small zone system – The area covered by a radio base station is several to 10 km in radius .
Smaller optical loss allows longer transmission distance of optical signals .
SMS / 800 is located at the Number Administration and Service Center ( NASC ) and to be administrated by an independent third party  , currently Lockheed Information Management System ( IMS ) . by regulation .
SMS would keep track of the deviating between the current contents in SDFs and the latest data to be stored there .
SMS would keep track of the original service data so that even if the data in one SCP are lost they can be recovered via SMS .
SMS would periodically or spontaneously update the contents of SDFs simultaneously .
SN is used to check cell loss or insertion and SNP is used for error correction to protect SN from error .
SNMP ( Simple Network Management Protocol ) is the protocol for management of LANs that use TCP / IP ( Transmission Control Protocol ) .
SNMP developed from the know - how obtained from these protocols .
SNMP has began to be installed for protocols other than TCP / IP  , for example , IPX , OSI - CLTP , Apple Talk and DECnet .
SNMP is a protocol for the collection of attribute values  , fetching and updating of variables and reporting of events for managed objects in the TCP / IP environment .
SNMP is a protocol that has been accepted by the market within a very short period of time .
SNMP is approved as a protocol by IAB ( Internet Activities Board ) of the U . S  , which has been developing a temporary protocol related to TCP / IP for use until OSI management is standardized .
SNMP is widely accepted in the market and is an effective solution for multivender management .
SNMP utilizes the management framework that ISO stipulated as an international standard in 1988 .
SNR is changed based on the characteristics of light emitting elements and light receiving elements  , the bandwidth of optical fiber ; also , the change in the laser termination mode and chromatic dispersion of optical fiber affect SNR .
So  , most various kinds of antennas have been devised and used for VHF / UHF band .
So  , the facilities should be inspected or expanded .
So  , there is no reflection and the current flows to only one direction , rhombic antenna is also called progressive wave antenna , and its radiation pattern is like shown in Fig.2.10 .
So  , when W &gt; S / N C can be large without , if the multiuser transmits and receives each other in different code , the 1 – to 1 selective access among the transmitting and receiving frequency can be .
So ATM LAN emulation service standards for connecting between LANs which are the representative example of the existing data service have been through the ATMF94 - 0035 documents around the LANE ( LAN Emulation ) of the ATMF .
So construction of systems that use equipment from multiple venders is also easy .
So far  , exchange manufacturers have mainly been pursuing either or both the SSCP - base and / or SCP - based configuration .
So far  , the basic functions of optical transmission system have been described .
So flow control for these performed in addition to standard flow control .
So if it is used FDMA in cellular system  , its should be FDMA in backyard channel , fdma in forward channel .
So if the distance is not enough  , it could not use the same frequency .
So is other words  , the number of quantizing levels is 28 or 256 .
So it has the weak point that requires the wide bandwidth both transmission and receiving sides as Fig2.18 ( b ) .
So it is adapted in vehicle and mobile telephone system .
So it is possible to reuse the same frequency for increasing frequency reusing efficiency .
So it is the key factor to modelized the traffic distribution .
So it is very important to forecast the condition of ionospheric layer in communication using sky wave .
So MTX should have different functions with PSTN switching system  , such as hand - off , location search and registration .
So that the light of lower - order mode 1 whose traveling distance is shorter  , undergoes reflection before arriving at the boundary surface between the core and clad , and therefore travels mostly through the center part of the core where the refractive index is high .
So the duplexer that is using now is hard to realize the function and the volume is big .
So the earth and the ionospheric layer take the role as two walls .
So the influence of random noise can be eliminated practically .
So the relation between host computers is one of equals .
So to offer services continuously  , new satellites must be launched periodically .
So to overcome this ISI  , equalizer should be used but sometimes it is very difficult to realize .
So you should submit the 3 dB inserting loss when the duplexer passed signals .
SOH is inserted and extracted in the regenerator section or multiplexer section for the indication of transmission performance  , and operation and maintenance of STM - n signal .
SOH is inserted in the last phase when STM - n signal is to be formed and POH is inserted whenever virtual container signal is formed .
Some additions have already been identified in ITU - T to support UPT ( Universal personal Telecommunications ) .
Some aspects of service creation can be considered as services  , and the following five services are being studied :
Some examples described below are not specific to mobile networks but equivalent services are also being provided inside fixed network :
Some examples in this respect are described below :
Some examples of information elements are as follows .
Some examples of supplementary service are : calling / called subscriber number identification  , call completion of busy subscriber ( CCBS ) by which when the called subscriber is busy , both the calling and called subscribers are called up by a network as soon as the busy subscriber completes the call , display of charges , conference call .
Some examples of teleservice are  , telephone service , telex , communication , teletex , facsimile and TV phone .
Some features of the CDMA system do not increase system capacity but instead make system operation easier or improve the quality of call paths .
Some feed - back is needed from the bottom - up to the top - down approach  , if there is some inconsistency between the two portions , so that self - consistent specifications can be defined .
Some functions have been deleted and added to reflect the marketing requirements of ATM and ensure mutual inter - operability .
Some kind of memory must be provided to connect two transmission lines which operate with different clocks .
Some less - emphasized considerations  , phase distortion in particular , are critical for high rate data services .
Some manufacturers have disclosed the contents of their expanded MIBs .
Some means is needed of finding out the phone 's location and connecting the caller via the exchange covering that area .
Some numerical examples will be given to assist you to understand the carrier - to - noise ratio .
Some of control parameters provide feedback to the mobile unit in order to control the transmit speed of mobile unit for the stabilization of access channels .
Some of the advantages of the soft handoff and softer handoff of the CDMA system include a smooth handoff  , the accuracy of data bits , low call loss rates , the high call quality in bordered areas , and the decrease in switching system overload .
Some of the characteristics of this antenna are low power loss of feeding part due to the direct connection of primary radiator and transmitter / receiver  , low side robe , and slight propagation of noise when used as receiving antenna .
Some of the data obtained through the processing is passed to the synchronization controller if the data is necessary for synchronization control .
Some of the elements which characterize SCE are described in Table 4 - 2 .
Some of the functions described in the above are now being offered in the crossbar switching system .
Some of the STS - 3 channels may pass directly through the SONETADM .
Some of them can therefore be provided with the capabilities of one network even if the relevant calls are established over the network boundary .
Some of these activities are described below as examples .
Some of these FEAs result in information flows ; i . e . message exchange between FEs .
Some of these parameters are mandatory parameters and others are optional ones according to the message type .
Some protocol messages necessary for Burst Time Plan change are exchanged between the reference and traffic stations .
Some quantizing noise is unavoidable  , but it should be reduced so as maintain high speech quality .
Some satellite channels are speech interpolated satellite channels and others are preassigned noninterpolated satellite channels .
Some service - specific data such as terminal / personal profile  , service provision conditions and authentication information need to be transferred between the home network and the visited network in case of roaming .
Some technique to eliminate echo is required to avoid its influence .
Some time later  , the displacement of the water surface changes as shown in ( b ) and ( c ) .
Some typical examples of such parameters are : the terminating user ( called party ) number  , the sub address of the terminating user ( called party ) , the optional forward call indicator which indicates a supplementary service , the forward call indicator which discriminates international and domestic call from each other .
Some typical methods of correcting such deterioration of characteristics are as follows .
Some vendor may provide more than 80 SIBs  , while other may provide only 15 .
Sometimes  , certain service option has several layers used to provide the same services and the shared software for option may be used depending on its manufacturer .
Sometimes  , deadlock occurred may spread to the adjacent switching systems until it stops the entire flow of packets on the network .
Sometimes  , however the mobile unit does not receive the calling signal and there is therefore no answer .
Sometimes  , path delay time difference may be smaller than 1 micro second ( 1MHz PN chip speed applied ) and therefore , is not detected on the decoder .
Sometimes  , the process of compressing and encoding wide - bandwidth is carried out by suppressing redundancy during the process of carrying out the A / D or D / D conversion .
Sometimes this system is called single channel per carrier .
Sometimes used as a seizure acknowledgement signal .
SONET as well as SDH is based on the hierarchical concept  , used 125ms frame , utilizes the systematic overhead , and has identical basic transmission rate .
SONET is an abbreviation of Synchronous Optical Network .
SONET SHRs can be divide into two general categories  , unidirectional and bidirectional , according to the direction of traffic flow under normal conditions .
Southwestern Bell began the trial on AIN 0.1 in mid - 1993 .
Space diversity is mainly used for microwave communication .
Space diversity uses the independent fading fluctuation of separate position around the receiving point as Fig .2.18 ( a ) .
Space division switches perform switching by the opening / closing of the electronic gate or spatially arranged contact points such as rotary switches and crossbar switches .
Space switches are used for connecting time switches and operate by sending out information when the gate circuit opens .
Space wave is influenced mainly from the change of refraction radio in accordance with the height of atmosphere .
Spatially coherent light can be concentrated easily by using a lens  , and is appropriate to inject into small - diameter cores of optical fibers .
Special consideration must be paid to these factors in route selection and cable installation in such places .
Special section is through under bridges  , tunnels , railroad crossing trunk road crossings subways , underground shopping districts underground parking lots , etc .
Special unique words called multiframe markers are used for bursts in frame 0 which is the first frame of the multiframe .
Specialized resources required for the execution of IN based services ( e . g . digit receivers  , announcements , conference bridges ) .
Specific management protocol : This protocol specifies the type of attribute / event / action for the managed object required to realize each specific management function and regulates the operating procedures for that management information .
Specifically  , because the radio wave path is assumed to be a straight line , a profile ( topographical cross - section ) that expands the radius of the earth , as shown in figure 2.4 is used .
Specifically  , if the phase deviation is 1 / 4 bit or more the call completion rate will decrease markedly , so the phase differences among the waves transmitted from the various base stations must be within 1 / 4 bit .
Specifically  , the contents fit the GDMI definition with properties for each object class , such as X.25 , ISDN , LAN , that are equal .
Specifically  , the relational model consists of a two – dimensional chart , with each line in the chart corresponding to one record ( called a tuple in the relational model ) .
Specifically  , the SMI uniformly defines the class and naming method for managed objects and the attribute class based on the object directed model .
Speech interpolation is used to assign a satellite channel to a terrestrial channel in accordance with the presence of speech .
Speech quality is assessed by objective methods such as SNRseg and by subjective opinion ratings using Mean Opinion Scores ( MOS ) .
Speech quality is divided into three categories  , such as sending speech quality , receiveing speech quality and transmission quality .
Spin stabilization is a method of stabilizing the attitude of the satellite by using the principle that a stop spinning at a high speed maintains a constant attitude .
Splicing of optical fibers is similar to connecting pipes for city - water or city - gas so that the water or gas flowing through the pipes does not leak .
Split loss varies with the branching state of aerial cables  , the form of distribution cables ( branched or non - branched wire distribution ) , and the ways demand develops .
Spurious also passes through the same frequency multiplying procedure by operation of receiving side that converts received DS signal into original carrier band .
Spurious signals with frequencies such as ( 2f1 - f2 )  , ( f1 - f2 f3 ) are generated from three signals with frequencies f1 , f2 and f3 .
Spurred by this success  , scientists and engineers throughout the world started to carry out research and development activities and as a result , innovative technologies on transmission loss reduction , bandwidth increase , semi - conductor laser , and others were successfully developed in the 1970s .
Spurred by this success  , scientists and engineers throughout the world started to carry out research and development activities and as a result , innovative technologies on transmission loss reduction , bandwidth increase , semi - conductor laser , and others were successfully developed in the 1970s .
SREJ Method : in this method  , when an error is detected at the receive side , the retransmission of only the errored information frame is requested to the transmit side by means of SREJ ( Selective Reject ) .
SS No.7 is a data communications system designed for only one purpose :
SSB is obtained by using sideband filter that pass upper single sideband ( USSB ) or lower single sideband ( LSSB )  , and the waveform which is passed the band , S ( t ) become .
SSCOP that has been defined in Q.2110 is the link management protocol for sending layer 3 messages .
SSCP  , for example , is essentially a value - added exchange with service processing capability .
SSCS function is under research and primitive mapping between high layer and CPCS may be accomplished without a specific function ( See figure 1 - 8 ) .
SSCS functions included SSCS - SDU sequence preserve  , error correction by resending , SSCS - PDU segmentation and resemble , flow control in the same layer , point - to - mult points service support , etc .
SSOF carries out the mapping function between the layer 3 protocol Q.2931 and layer 2 protocol SSCOP and it is defined in Q.2130 and Q.2140 .
ST is planning to introduce the advanced IN capabilities  , possibly integrating the domestic and international IN platforms .
Stalpeth and lead - sheathed cables had been used as subscriber underground cables up until june 1981  , when the local PEC cable was first introduced on a large scale .
Standard atmosphere is an ideal one having a regular changing rate of refration radio by altitude because it has a fixed changing rate of atmospheric pressure by altitude  , temperature and humidity .
Standard hardware and software that contains OSI can be offered .
Standard MIBs can be classified as MIB - I ( formally MIB  , but now called MIB - I to distinguish it from MIB - I ) or MIB - II .
Standard transmission schemes required by these algorithms are 64 - kbit / sec PCM and 32 - kbit / sec ADPCM .
Standardization of network management systems is being promoted by such institutes as the ISO ( Internation Standardization Organization )  , IEEE ( Institute of Electrical and Electronic Engineers ) , NBS ( National Bureau of Standards ) and COS ( Corporation for Open Systems : the entity promoting OSI in the United States . ) .
Standardized communication between network functions via service independent interfaces ; .
Standardizing the file structure shown to the user is called making the file virtual  , and files that have been standardized in this way are called virtual files .
Standards for operation ( measures to be taken in the event of circuit failure  , abnormal congestion , etc . ) , maintenance ( reliability , regular inspection , upgrading of old facibilities , etc ) , security ( control of input / output , data and passwords , work status reports , etc . ) must be established .
Start code : This shows the timing of the outgoing code word .
Starting from 1985  , attention was given to broadband channels and as a result , 30 40 , 45 ; 60 70Mbps bit rates were reviewed as standards for F12 , H3 , and H4 channels .
Starting in May 1988  , major cities , such as Tokyo , began to use diversity reception for both the base and mobile stations in order to meet rapidly increasing demand .
Starting with the commencement of digital mobile communications services in Japan  , in March 1994 , it is expected that low - bit rate speech coding will undergo rapid growth in the field of mobile communications .
STECS can carry out 3 functions by the operation at control desk .
Steel poles must be used if replacement is expected in the near future due to removal or for some other reason .
Step tract system : This system slightly shifts the antenna position at certain time interavals so as to adjust the direction in order to maximize the received signal level .
Still  , paper - insulated stalpeth cable facilities occupy about 90 % ( total length : 120 , 000 km at the end of fiscal 1986 ) of underground cable facilities .
Still  , the direct conversion method poses the following problems in comparison with the superheterodyne method .
STM - 1 as a basic unit  , STM - 4 which is the fourfold number of the former , and STM - 16 which is the fourfold number of the later are the major objects of interest in SDH .
STM - 1 B 2 is the BIP - 24 byte used for monitoring mulitplex section errors ; K 1 and K 2 section protection switching control bytes ; d 4 through D 12 are multiplex section data communication channel bytes ; E 2 is the orderwire channel byte for communication in the multiplex section layer ( LT - LT ) ; and Z 1 and Z2 are reserved for future developments .
STM - n frame that has been configured based on the layer concepts explained in the previous section  , has a structure shown in figure .
STM - n signal can be used for synchronizing the multiplexing time source ( MTS ) .
STM - n signal is composed of n number of STM - 1 signals that has been byte interleaved multiplexing ( BIM ) .
STM - n signal is obtained when attaching the section overhead ( SOH ) to n number of AUGs that have been multiplexed .
Store - and - forward services for voice and facsimile are to be widely provided .
Straight - line transmission ( absorbed or scattered by rain  , etc . ) .
Strictly speaking  , the light used in optical fiber communication is not of a single wavelength , but of distributed wavelengths over a small range as shown in Fig . 1.25 ( b ) .
Structural parameters adopted by the NTT are based on these recommendations .
Structurally  , it is of the connectionless type and installed in a transfer protocol using UDP .
Structure of IN Recommendations and table of contents in each Recommendation .
Study on AIN ( Advance IN ) was then initiated by MVI ( Multi - Vendor Interaction ) Forum seeking for the technical specifications applicable to the multi - vendor environment  , in particular between the exchange and the service control point ( SCP ) .
Stuffcontrol absorbs clock frequency fluctuations and phase fluctuations in the frame and enables operation with the equipment clock .
Stuffing control bits are also allocated at predetermined positions in the output data .
Sub - bursts converted to high - speed burst signals are arranged in series in the sub - burst multiplexer to form the traffic data section of the transmit burst .
Sub - bursts generated in the DSI / DNI section enter the compression buffer .
Sub - file in used to manage sets of bulletin board messages .
Subcriber 's busy hour calling rate is a very important factor in traffic forecasting .
Subjective evaluations of voice quality have led to maximum noise level standards of 28 dBrnCO ( - 62dBrnO ) for short - haul systems  , and 34 dBrnCO ( - 56dBmO ) for long haul systems .
Submarine coaxial cable system is begun to view from 1930s and the first system is installed in English in 1943 and America is in 1950.8.3 / 38mm cable and 5.6 / 25mm cable is used for deep marine and sallow marine respectively .
Subscriber allowed to register her diversion telephone location to be redirected .
Subscriber allowed to use telecom services across multiple networks and reached by personal No .
Subscriber application part ( optional ) means the part where a socket is put on multiplex sublayer .
Subscriber line facilities must effectively connect subscribers scattered over an area to a telephone office located at the physical center of geographically scattered demand  , unlike trunk lines connecting two points .
Subscriber receiving calls  , dialed with freephone number , charged to him .
Subscribers can select channels easily by optical tuner as the case of radio broadcasting .
Subscribers in the first telephone system were connected by direct channel but with increasing number of subscribers it became necessary to introduce switches ( a witching system ) so that the number of communication facilities between subscribers could be decreased  , thus making communication more economical .
Subsequently  , this results in a cost - effective , survivable network architecture called 1 : 1 Optical Diverse Protection ( 1 : 1 / ODP ) .
Succeeding this  , let us study the characteristics of waves confined with border surfaces .
Successful message delivery to designated telex terminal .
Successfully developed Si bipolar or GaAs elements are capable of carrying out high rate processing ( several hundreds Mbps or Ghos ) and CMOS is capable of processing 150 Mbps class .
Such a difference in design results in a difference in capacity between the two .
Such a difference in design will result in a difference between the two in capacity at the feeder point .
Such a measure was introduced when the lead - sheathed cable distribution cable was examined .
Such a message bundle in utilized in the mobile unit where control processing response delay is especially short and base station responses with confirmation signal and the MSC responses with control processing response signal later .
Such a modulated signal is synchronous - detected in the circuit described below .
Such a relationship in the FD distribution system is shown in figure 2.37 .
Such a super high speed information communication network is based on ATM ( Asynchronous Transfer Mode ) technology used to set up economical and efficient nation - wide networks  , that will enable service providers to provide various types of communication services .
Such a wave can be separated into individual waves by an antenna .
Such algorithm can bring about substantial reductions in bit rate  , enabling effective use to be made of radio frequencies and network resources .
Such allocation equalizes times for fixed distribution areas to require capacity increase  , and shared use of the auxiliary wires occupancy .
Such an operation assumes all of the data streams are synchronized to each other .
Such applications require high sound quality combined with a speech coding method that is resistant to and capable of correcting errors .
Such as coaxial cable or optical fiber cable  , to guarantee transmission of units of bits for upper – ranked data links between adjacent open systems .
Such as host computers  , terminals and communication circuits , from the communication side , and make the communication functions into a logical hierarchy ( 7 layers ) .
Such as telephone  , data communication and image communication , through interfaces based on international standards .
Such attenuation and distortion would degrade the communications quality of the satellite communications circuit .
Such connection will present no problem if the feeder cable and the distribution cable constitute a full - accessibility group  , that is , if a wire in the feeder cable can be connected to any wire in the distribution cable .
Such data transfer can be classified as ordinary data transfer and priority data transfer .
Such duplication of data causes a needless increase in database redundancy  , which lowers resource usage efficiency and causes conflicts between records .
Such earth stations are called site diversity stations .
Such error source that decreases processing gain should be considered sufficiently in case it is difficult to recognize channel accurately due to amplification .
Such functions require control possibility for all UNI structures of star type  , ring type , bus type and combination of them .
Such interference occurs when there are multiple propagation paths because the length of each path is different .
Such mechanisms are all undergoing refinement for AIN Release 1 .
Such methods have a strong affinity to the latest wireless access methods such as CDMA and E - TDMA  , and are also suitable for ATM networks .
Such networks can be evolved to SHRs if SHRs prove to be economical .
Such offset directly affects C / N  , so the C / N for the up link must be decreased by the amount of offset .
Such overlap may decrease RF bandwidth required for transmission spreading signal .
Such replacement must be well - planned considering deterioration conditions of aerial cables  , suspension wires and stays .
Such requirements led to the introduction of the FD cabinet ( a feeder distribution cable interface ) improved over the transfer - splicing box .
Such services as freephone have been realized by each network operator with its own architecture and specification .
Such signals are generated by interference of multi - path or intended interference .
Such special feature of satellite communications as desired points within sight of the satellite which can easily be connected by communication circuits has allowed satellite communications systems to be established in many areas of the world for various purposes between countries .
Such transmission is almost free from fading and therefore high - quality wideband transmission services can be achieved irrespective of the distance between the transmitting and receiving earth stations .
Such unevenness on the boundary surface causes light to scatters and some part of it is radiated outside as shown in Fig . 1.21 .
Such vertical classification is applied to AAL - 1 ~ AAL - 5 equally .
Suitable for data communication : It transmits information as digital signals  , so it is good for data communication .
Sum total of 0.9 mm cable pairs is over 400 pairs and additional cable other than 0.9mm exists .
Supervision of type ( 2 ) above is generally carried out when a burst of control signal from the mobile station is received by the base station .
Supplementary services which support higher – level capabilities are also available by using the bearer service and teleservice in combination .
Supply of equipment from multiple venders decreases the compatibility of interfaces .
Suppose a certain terminal # 1 is going to have access to NT and the D – channel bit to be sent out is Dr .
Suppose a certain terminal sends out a value of 0 for the SAPI and a value of 1 for the TEI .
Suppose parallel signals of 8 bits on three channel are multiplexed .
Suppose signal A in time slot Tn on No . 1 incoming highway is connected to No . m outgoing highway with the time slot position remaining unchanged .
Suppose that one DSI module is used for each destination and the number of terrestrial channels for each destination is small .
Suppose time slots T1  , T2 … and Tn on the incoming highway contain the information of signals A , b and N , as shown on the slide .
Swapping of equipment operation systems ( in - use / backup ) and changing of circuit set up by operating command .
Swiss PTT is planning to introduce the commercial IN platform by the end of 1995 .
Switch access is the action of obtaining access to a memory in the time switch for writing data from the incoming highway to the time switch or reading data from the time switch to the outgoing highway by means of instructions from the controller .
Switch classification can be carried out based on this type of blocking phenomenon .
Switched connections in an ISDN include both circuit – switched and packet – switched connections .
Switching action is performed only at the line layer for failure recovery and does not involve the path layer ; it restores line demand from a failed facility .
Switching quality is classified into connection loss probability and connection delay .
Switching time inconsistency at the AMS can be resolved by multi - connection of channels as follows .
Symbols that have been encoded are interleaved in order to deal effectively with high - speed fading .
Sync channel as a forward channel is used in the stage of system acquisition .
SYNC MUXS multiplex various types of transmission signals into the intraoffice frame structure .
Sync word shown  , the starting point of control and user data , control data is used the needed radio channel control in communication .
Synchronization control for simultaneous Burst Time Plan change .
Synchronization in the TDMA system includes carrier - clock synchronization and burst synchronization ( receive synchronization  , acquisition and transmit synchronization ) .
Synchronization method by pointer technique can carry out synchronization without repeating the frame identification process ; also  , it , having a small elastic store , can carry out broadband synchronization under the plesiochronous environment .
Synchronized bit oriented protocol is used to signaling system of all channels and the message of all channels have similar layer type format .
Synchronous digital hierarchy signals should be capable of realizing the above mentioned frame structure .
Synchronous digital terminal equipments can make the compact system applying digital ICS .
Synchronous multiplexing process is indicated with the dotted rectangle ( SM indicated ) .
Synchronous terminal equipments are categorized into sysnchronous multiplexing equipment ( SYNC MUX ) and circuit terminating equipment ( CTE ) .
Synchtonization generally means to make the clock frequency and the start / end positions of information ; this includes network synchronization  , bit synchronization , and frame synchronization .
System controllers at the MSC provide controllers at each base station with the signal - to - interference ratio based on each mobile error rate  , which are sent to channel controllers to be used for determining the increase or decrease of each mobile unit transmit power .
System management : Performs unitary supervision  , management and adjustment of managed object within each open system .
System parameter messages are made up of parameters used for paging channel setup  , registration parameters , pilot signaled searching .
System performance changes depending on the change of environment causing fading or vehicle speed .
System that control simultaneous execution includes the lock system and the time - stamp system .
Systems that are capable of information processing and transfer  , including various networks for information transfer , such as WANs or LANs .
Systems that provide expert expert know - how to maintenance personnel and users .
T1 transmits the bit stream of bi - directional 1.544Mbps bit speed ) .
TA is a terminal adapter intended for converting the interface of non – standard terminal TE2 into an ISDN interface .
Table modular structure and specifications of new synchronous transmission equipment shows three kinds of equipment called module A  , b and C . by combining these modules , it is possible to create a flexible node structure according to the office size and function .
Table 1.1.3. lists three representative system offered by NTT  , pocsag and GOLAY .
Table 1.17 summarizes a relative comparison between - the ring architecture and the hubbing with diverse protection network ( Hub / DP ) .
Table 1.2 shows the recommendations for standardization of optical fiber structural parameters by the CCITT ( International Telegraph and Telephone Consultative Committee ) .
Table 2 - 1 briefly describes features of the waveforms .
Table 2 - 1 lists major historical events conecming IN in USA .
Table 2 lists the number of objects in the RFC by group .
Table 2.1 shows the band of radio frequency classified by current international criteria and the mechanism and usage of radio wave .
Table 2.2 shows classification of radio waves and main uses .
Table 2.4 shows applicable standards for these types .
Table 3 - 1 summarizes the activities of BOCs on AIN .
Table 3.2. Technical Advantages of Digital Communications Networks .
Table 4 - 5 the data which the representative switches of shared buffer type are compared in performance .
Table 4.2 shows a typical link budget for an NTT 30 / 20 GHz band domestic satellite communication system .
Table 4.2 shows example of link budget for a 30 / 20 GHz band domestic satellite communication system at NTT .
Table 5 - 1 and 5 - 2 respectively represent the service types and the application examples for the communication and the distribution application service classified on the basic of the information type .
Table 5 - 2 summarizes low these elements are utilized for typical services being commercially provided .
Table 5 - 3 shows the ATM basic services according to the ATMF and use the differences such various attribute parameters as the cell lost rates for each service .
Table 6 - 3 shows the main parameters for the A / D and D / A converters .
Table 6.1 compares these three types of LAN topology .
Table 6.5 also shows the performance allocated to a subscriber section  , assuming two subscriber sections and four inter - city sections .
Table 8.1 lists major technologies and channel switching .
Table shows the various line code of the digital optic transmission method  , with the consideration of these requirements .
Take as an example a transverse wave propagating along a string fixed at both ends .
Take two parallel rays of light  , a and A ' , emitted from one light source as shown in ( a ) , ( b ) , and ( c ) of the figure .
Taking all the above factors into consideration  , it can be predicted that the technology will move more towards optimization and integration of the two streams in Figure 6.1 , rather than quarter - rate coding .
Taking human visual characteristics into consideration  , it is possible to reduce the number of quantizer levels by non - linear quantizing .
Taking this condition into consideration  , we obtain the following equation by substituting equations ( 2.22 ) and ( 2.23 ) , such that :
Talking the time to start construction into account  , adequate design terms must be determined .
Tapping causes complicated connection  , making fault - correcting work difficult .
Tapping is wasteful if the next facilities expansion is considered .
Tapping makes gas - system trouble shooting difficult .
Tapping would result in a irregular main - cable layout and would prevent brackets from properly holding cables .
Targets listed Table 2 - 2 fall into the category of Type As .
TC / NDC is used to discriminate a specific network when there are multiple networks in that country .
TC is the trunk code which corresponds to the so – called area code .
TC sublayer executes cell speed separation  , generates / confirms header error control byte generation and detects cell boundary point .
TCP / IP : TCP / IP ( Transmission Control Protocol / Internet Protocol ) was developed by DOD ( the Department of Defense )  , and has widely taken root as the standard protocol between UNIX workstations in LANs that use the CSMA / CD system .
TCP / IP has found a wide range of uses for the reasons given below  , and should play an important part until OSI becomes well established .
TCP / IP is compatible with layer 3 and 4 of OSI basic reference model  , and provides functions for the transport layer and the connectionless type network layer .
TCP / IP is included in UNIX  , which has spread rapidly as the OS for minicomputers and work station , and can be used easily .
TCP is a connection type protocol that performs data delivery confirmation  , sequential control and flow control end to end to provide correct and highly - reliable data transmission .
TDM ( Time Division Multiplexing ) widely applied to multiplexing of existing similar synchronous digital signals can be basically regarded as Synchronous multiplexing for system clock .
TDM of PCM signals can be achieved by transmitting samples of different channels one after another within the period the period of 125 micro - seconds .
TDMA can make use of satellite power more effectively than FDMA .
TDMA frame length is determined taking into account the optimal balance of transmission efficiency and memory capacity .
TDMA has excellent adaptability with digital communication networks and can be easily connected with terrestrial communication networks where introduction of digital systems is now in progress .
TDMA is a circuit switching system that sets channels between nodes on 1 : 1 basic .
TDMA is a system in which earth stations share a transponder on a time division basis .
TDMA is an excellent communication method which allows a large channel capacity to be taken within single satellite transponder .
TDMA is another means of attaining multiple access which is promising for future use in digital communication .
TDMA multi - divided numbers of mobile communications with base stations by a radio channel simultaneously .
TDMA operation in the INTELSAT V system is performed mainly between a pair of east and west hemispheric beams and between a pair of east and west zone beams .
TDMA stands for Time Division Multiple Access  , which is one of the typical methods used for multiple access .
TDMA system : In the TDMA system  , the transmission line is divided into multiple channels by a time division multiplexing system , with each node exclusive possession of a channel for communication .
Te1 is a standard ISDN terminal and TE2 is non – standard ISDN terminal  , or an existing terminal .
TE1 stands for Terminal Equipment type 1 and Te2 Terminal Equipment type 2 .
TE2 is conventional or existing terminal  , so that an existing interface set out by the relevant ITU – T recommendation is adopted for point R .
Technical Advisory of AIN Release 0.1 ( compatible with Release 1 ) issued by Bellcore in cooperation with BelkSouth  , Ameritech , nynex and major vendors .
Technical Advisory of AIN Release 0.2  , issue 2 ( compatible with Release 1 ) issued by Bellcore ) .
Technical Report issued by MVI Forum ( MVI activities terminated ) .
Technical requirements to be solved for the implementation of large scale ATM switch include a distribution control  , size expandability , the ease of reconfiguration based on modular design , the possibility of synchronization for local communication , the improvement of element integration by regular structure , and the minimization of power consumption due to the interconnection of far - end .
Technical requirements to be solved for the implementation of large scale ATM switch include a distribution control  , size expandability , the ease of reconfiguration based on modular design , the possibility of synchronization for local communication , the improvement of element integration by regular structure , and the minimization of power consumption due to the interconnection of far - end .
Technology is ready to realize the functionality to be specified in the IN standards .
Telecom New Zealand ( TCNZ ) has been providing such services as freephone  , premium - rate , credit card calling , vpn and televoting making use of SSPs and SCPs / SMS from NEC .
Telecommunication facilities adoption to regional features .
Telecommunication Laboratories ( TL ) of DGT are developing IN capabilities including SCE making use of it test equipment .
Telecommunication service providers were also motivated by the interests to rapidly  , cost effectively and differentially satisfy their existing and potential market needs for services .
Telecommunications development has until recently been based on analog networking technologies .
Telecommunications services over two separate routes .
Telegraph relay switching network and subscriber telegraph network .
TeleGroup  , the consortium of private telephone companies , have been providing freephone and premium - rate services making use of the Ericsson IN platform .
Telephone calls can only be made after the airplane has attained horizontal flight and the fasten - seatbelt sign has been turned off .
Telephone User ( TUP )  , Data User ( DUP ) , and other , other in this context , refers to the ISDN user part ( ISUP ) .
Telephones  , telex , facsimile and data communications are available .
Telephony services were offered using space division type switching system run via analog transmission routes .
Teleservice is an end – to – end service provided by the network including both terminals .
Teleservice is defined as A type of telecommunication service that provides the complete telecommunication capability  , including terminal equipment functions for communication between users . .
Teletype and voice orderwires for engineering communication among earth station are provided for both reference and traffic bursts .
Television is a system of telecommunication in which transient images of fixed of moving objects are transmitted .
Television signals contain a great deal of frame - to - frame redundancy  , because picture areas are scanned in every frame whether they have changed or not .
Television standard systems consist of standards for the video signal characteristics  , radio frequency characteristics , synchronizing signal waveform and sound transmission system which are required for television broadcasting .
Television transmission via satellite links includes single - destination transmission and multiple - destination transmission .
Telex terminals ( 50 bps ) connected not only to international but also to the Japanese domestic telex network .
Telia in Sweden has been providing such services as mass - calling  , account card calling and VPN making use of the IN platform including the exchanges from Ericsson .
Telstra has been providing such services as VPN and freephone internationally making use of SCANTS ( Supplementary Capabilities Node for Telephony Services ) .
Telstra is doing research also on advanced SCE where not only service logic but also service data slows based on X.500 can be defined and simulation with the real software codes ( C + + ) can be performed .
Telstra of Australia been such services as universal number ( One 3 )  , calling card and personal freephone ( Homelink ) domestically making use of SDB ( Services Data Base ) developed by themselves .
Terminal devices that can be used on the packet switching system are further classified into the terminals of packet types and general terminals .
Terminal mobility refers to the movement of mobile terminals such as cellular telephone terminals  , personal mobility refers to the movement of persons subscribing to the personal communication service .
Terminal Short Number 0 means that the message is destined for all traffic stations .
Terminals for packet exchanging are further classified into packet mode terminals and non packet mode terminals according to the information exchange mode  , that is whether protocols are used or not .
Terminals located in foreign countries also can access MESSAVIA system because VENUS - p is connected to the world - wide international packet switching network .
Terminals TEs and network termination equipment NT are interconnected by a bus through which signals transfer .
Terminating calls restricted according to screening list or possibly time of day control .
Termination of various transmission line is necessary the reference phase in the station for the purpose of multiplexing signals from the various transmission lines .
Testing group handles the environment to test ATM system  , that is , the access method for diagnostic test , mutual interaction test , conformance test and mutual interworking laboratory set - up .
Text - display pagers will acquire graphic capabilities .
Text - display pagers will become more compact and voice recognition will be adopted to simplify message input operations .
TH can reduce interface between systems in time division multiplexing system and  , for that purpose , precise timing is required throughout the system to minimize redundancy between transmitters .
That can meet present and future requirements of information transfer for interprocessor transactions with digital communications networks for call control  , remote control , network data base access and management signaling .
That depended on processing by a single host computer to decentralized processing systems and network systems that connect multiple host computers with intelligent terminals through communication circuits for mutual application of functions .
That equipment then selects an unused channel  , notifies the outgoing and incoming nodes of the channel number , and the two nodes use the allocate channel for communication .
That first system consisted of six channels that were switched manually  , and had a channel separation of 60 kHz .
That is  , a communication protocol is a rule to assure smooth communication between systems , that is , a communication regulation .
That is  , attribute values can be said complete menu of services available to users .
That is  , if a hierarchy is introduced into the communication functions , expansion or correction of a certain function can be limited to within the relevant hierarchical layer and will not affect any other layers .
That is  , in order to enable interworking , the same connection type must be set in the two networks .
That is  , mtp level1 is intended to set out electrical and physical conditions for setting , maintaining and releasing physical links to ensure transmission of bit streams .
That is  , one terminal can receive multiple ISDN services such as voice or 64kbps data transfer .
That is  , service attributes are the expression of the service from the standpoint of the user , whereas the connection type is the expression of the service from the standpoint of the network .
That is  , the bearer service is intended to transfer user information between two user – network interfaces .
That is  , the control data of the multiple terminals are transferred on one common D channel .
That is  , the electrical characteristics at user – network interfaces point S &amp; T , or the wiring mode of the user 's facility , the method of power feeding to the user 's terminal , etc ..are defined .
That is  , there is a similarity between a certain picture element and the adjacent elements , both in intraframe and interfame ( from one frame to next frame ) relativity .
That is  , two different terminals are used , a facsimile machine at the transmitting terminal and a telex equipment at the receiving terminal .
That is  , when many terminals intend to use the channel at a time in a competing state , it is necessary to properly control the competition among these terminals .
That is  , ' q ' , ' qx ' , ' q3 ' , ' f ' . and ' x 'reference points respectively correspond to Q , Qx , Q3 , F , and X interfaces .
That is  , a code generator is created in order to supply codes with the frequency mixer used to store frequency skip forms and the balanced modulator for DS modulation .
That is  , all of the hierarchy signals of North American and European System have only one phase multiplexing .
That is  , an optional value can be written to a settable counter .
That is  , antenna noise temperature and feeder system noise should both be considered as feeder system loss .
That is  , as shown in Figure 4 - 1 , cells inputted to the ATM switching system retrieves as address translation table by means of hardware in accordance with the values of VPI / VCI and then , the address of output port is for selected automatically .
That is  , as shown in Figure 4 - 1 , cells inputted to the ATM switching system retrieves as address translation table by means of hardware in accordance with the values of VPI / VCI and then , the address of output port is selected automatically .
That is  , B1 , soh for BIT is located on the upper part of PTR and it is checked and re - computed in each regenerator .
That is  , band restriction degrades distance resolution of distance measuring system to increase measurable distance , .
That is  , because the current optical communication employs the intensity modulation / direct detection method which simply turns on and off the light source depending on the input signal , the phase part of light wave cannot be utilized for information transmission .
That is  , bisdn can not be realized by adding broadband service devices onto ISDN or ISDN TE ' can not be connected to the NT of BISDN .
That is  , by defining boxes of fixed size , to make the signals of DS - 1 , DS - 1C , DS - 2 etc , fill respectively the boxes of 1 units , 2 units , 3 units , 4 units , 18 units during the same unit time .
That is  , code sequence turns on / off transmitter and on / off time of transmitter is converted into pseudo random form according to code and reaches 50 % of average transmission impact factor .
That is  , communication network is largely layered into paths and sections .
That is  , design of the communication system , allocation of earth stations and specifications for equipment to improve circuit quality should be higher than what will actually occur at the site .
That is  , dial pulses were accumulated on the memory circuits and then evaluated integrately on the basic of the numbers of accumulated dials for regeneration circuit selection .
That is  , different number of broad band services and narrow band services coexist in communication network in the same ATM cell format .
That is  , equation ( 2.11 ) is shown the definition of FM , in eq ( 2.11 ) the relative phase part is obtained by integration of equation ( 2.12 ) .
That is  , general SNR after the passing through the transfer function H ( t ) is as follow .
That is  , he believed that light emits energy quantums represented by the above equation .
That is  , if 00000000 code is displayed , it is replaced with 00000010 .
That is  , if code sequence of modulated wave has operation speed of 5Mcps ( chips per second ) , bandwidth of main lobe is 10MHz and each side lobe has bandwidth of 5MHz .
That is  , if three of 51 Mbps STS - 1 ( Synchronous Transport Signal level 1 ) signal , the basic transmission signal of SONET , are interfaced to form STS - 3C , this would be equal to STM - 1 signal , the 155 Mbps signal of SDH .
That is  , in Europe , they are defined to be 2.048 - 8.448 - 34.368 - 139.264 - 564.992 , and in the USA.1.544 - 6.312 - 44.736 - 274.176. In Japan , they are defined to be 1.544 - 6.312 - 32.064 - 97.728 - 397.200 .
That is  , in terms of standard configuration , function group , and basic point , both of them are the same respective to each other .
That is  , in the case of T - S - Telecommunications , the input time slot can be connected to the output time slot by using the time slot in a space crossbar .
That is  , information are converted into light and then this light is sent via optic fibers .
That is  , information are converted into light and then this light is sent via optic fibers .
That is  , interactive services such as a telephone or video telephone and message services such as E - mail or video mail and retrieval services for retrieving a draft or text are included .
That is  , it can be said that the packet switched network has a transparency in the network .
That is  , it cuts off the path of the reserve direction so that the echo cannot be sent back to the talker 's side .
That is  , it has a Q type interface but may have F and X interfaces as well selectively .
That is  , it has a structure capable of carrying out NxN number of complete connections .
That is  , it is a B - ISDN network management standard currently being standardized by ITU - T based on the OSI system management thechniques of ISO .
That is  , it is a device used to assemble data from the general terminal in packet formats , and store data from the packet type terminals in the device temporarily , and then , multiplexes / development multiplexes these packets before sending them to the switching systems .
That is  , it is about criteria for the requirements of switching facilities and the number of transmission lines in order to ensure good quality connection .
That is  , it is difficult to detect carrier with normal receiver because carrier is below noise level by code modulation .
That is  , it is equivalent to the sending power required when using antenna has no gain and the feeder system has no loss .
That is  , it is possible to preassign connection for some or all of the satellite channel in a DSI sub - burst to input terrestrial channels .
That is  , it provides for common use of the same information .
That is  , it transfers SDU of constant bit rate at the same bit rate , delivers time information between source and destination , recovers error and indicates unrecovered error .
That is  , it uses AUU ( TM _ User - to _ ATM _ User Indication ) parameter in PT field of ATM header to indicate a position where SAR - PDU is included in SAR - SDU .
That is  , low speed service signal always exits at the points synchronized to the multiplexing system clock .
That is  , pcm bit streams ( time division multiplexed ) used in the switching system are theory same as those utilized in most of the transmission facilities .
That is  , processing of the CDC , Service Channel and orderwires is performed .
That is  , represents the attenuation amount that is output the output side ( Db / unit distance ) in the phase difference between input signal ( radians / unit distance ) .
That is  , sections are layered again into high - level multiplexing section and low - level reproduction section .
That is  , signaling VC is set upon released using meta - signaling VC .
That is  , since the target area was restricted to the metropolitan area based upon the internal standard of network , the countermeasure in case of overrunning the plesiochronous limit was not prepared at all .
That is  , snr requires to be increased in order to maintain the same BER ( Bit Error Rate ) .
That is  , STM - n signals having the same external shapes can be formed through the synchronous multiplexing procedure even if any signals among North American DS - 1 , 2 , 3 and European DS - 1E , 2E , 3e and 4E are assigned .
That is  , the analog signal is sampled with an 8 kHz sampling frequency and coded with 8bits per sample to generate a PCM signal of 64 kbit / s .
That is  , the compensator returns a response immediately for a data block received from one terminal in place of another terminal with which the terminals is communicating , thus masking the propagation delay , while data blocks are continuously transmitted from one compensator to the other by means of a high - efficiency protocol , like the HDLC .
That is  , the delay times of all the paths are changed as well as their phases even when the distance of location change is very small ( about 10 cm ) .
That is  , the digital signaling equipment performs logic operation for digitally coded pushbutton signals or MF signals , discriminates frequencies , and generates various types of frequencies in the form of direct digital codes .
That is  , the digital switching systems must be capable of processing various types of telephones including analog types .
That is  , the division / distribution , operation , and maintenance and repair functions of the transmission facilities were upgraded .
That is  , the multiplexing processed are as follows .
That is  , the receive end of DS system should have a proper timing required to activate TDM , for the proper synchronization of local reference code during the chip time of PN code .
That is  , the reference and traffic stations can transmit bursts to a number of transponders one after another using one TDMA terminal and can receive bursts from a number of transponders in a similar manner .
That is  , the refraction ratio distribution is hill shape .
That is  , the required number of satellite channels is only 30 , which is half the number of input terrestrial channels .
That is  , the sending eduration of each earth station is limited to a short period , in the frame , assigned to it ; the carrier does not take a continuous form in the frame until the carriers of all the stations come together in the satellite transponder .
That is  , the system enables subscribers registered in the different types of switching systems run with different speed and protocol codes to communicate with each other .
That is  , the time slot conversion is carried out at the time switch and as a result , x of the first channel is moved to the second channel .
That is  , the traffic station receives RB1 and RB2 .
That is  , the transport network is layered into ATM layer networks and physical layer network .
That is  , the voice signal is sampled at a rate of 8kHz and coded with 8bits per sample .
That is  , they detect code errors by carrying out parity check , transmission code suppression in order to monitor the operation status of the repeaters ; if faults are detected , faulty repeaters are diagnosed by utilizing pulse trio and phase detection .
That is  , this is called congestion state when network requests the preset interface due to lack of network resources or new interface request is not met with the network performance level needed .
That is  , this is carried out by compressing the amplitude .
That is  , this is the circuit for processing simple routine jobs related to the current status and input information .
That is  , voice is sample and hold every 125us and then coded , and the B8 bits of every sixth sample value ( A signaling ) and twelfth sampling value ( B signaling ) are used exclusively as signaling bits .
That is  , vpc is pre - assignment for unassigned cell indication , physical layer cell indication , meta - signaling VC indication and general broadcasting signal VC indication .
That is  , when the caller stops talking , the burst rate is reduced .
That is  , whereas ISDN mainly accommodates circuit communication system ( packet communication system accommodated as well ) , bisdn mainly employs packet communication system while accommodating circuit communication system as well .
That is  , while SDH accommodates the low - level signal with DS - 4E as the highest class signal , sonet has DS - 3 as the highest class signal .
That is  , xpd of the antenna is about 30dB and , with an FM modulation system that uses interleaving , it is about 50dB ; It must also be recognized that degradation of XPD due to rain at frequencies above 10GHz .
That is 10 % of power of BPSK or QPSK signal is included in sideband frequency .
That is MTP level 2 implements the function for the transfer of data without changing its meaning .
That is overheads available are section overhead ( SOH ) required by various elements on multiplexing devices and regeneration transmission routes and path overheads ( POH ) required on each path of a signal accommodated in a frame .
That is positive / zero / negative justification is necessary when C - 1 and C - 2 signals are formed from digital signal DS - 1 and DS - 2 .
That is the data to be processed was mailed from each office to the information processing center .
That is the frame structure should be simply designed so that service channels or digital signals should be inserted and extracted easily .
That is to say  , as the ATM API is a set of libraries , the native ATM service can be used in application programs by calling such primitives as the connection establishment , data transmission , traffic management , and local network management facility which are defined in the API .
That is to say  , it is not possible to select a first - stage satellite station for one of the two third - stage central base stations and a second - stage satellite station for the other .
That is to say  , it was possible to use the new papers with both the tone paging service of 200 bps digital system and the new 400 bps digital system .
That is to say  , when the content of the time slot counter is 1 , signal A in time slot T1 , is written into memory address # 1 .
That is to say  , when the content of the time slot counter is 1 , the value 2 stored at the address corresponding to the time T1 in the control store is read out first and then it may be ascertained from the value 2 that the next address to be read out from the time switch is 2 .
That is voice data like ( a ) is radiated with ( e )  , and each diffused band signal from the multiplexer like ( b ) is radiate through the antenna to space in the diffused spectrum strength within 1.25 MHz bandwidth .
That is while TDM doesn't pass other service information even in idle state where the channel has no valid information because TDM assigns fixed channel independently for each input service signal  , atdm can pass other service information in idle state because there in no exclusive channel assignment and accordingly , its channel efficiency , is improved .
That is why  , data to be transmitted via a transmission line are coded .
That is why  , more number of switching system manufacturers are using VLSI circuits instead of the analog interface circuits to reduce the prices of analog subscriber circuits .
That is why  , sometimes , two devices for performing different functions are installed side - by - side .
That is why M - ary system is referred to as the system having bandwidth efficiency .
That is why the farthest traffic station n form the satellite has the earliest SOTMF and nearest station 1 has the latest SOTMF .
That provides a reliable means of information transfer in correct sequence with out loss or duplication .
That utilize of products from specific manufactures .
That utilizes 900 MHz in October 1986 to deal with increasing demand .
The ' + ' polarity of signal waveform corresponds to polarity bit ' 0 ' and the ' - ' polarity  , to ' 1 ' .
The Authenticate SIB is newly proposed to be used for the authentication purpose .
The ( 24  , 12 ) Golay code is a block code with a coding rate of 1 / 2 .
The ( 255  , 239 ) BCH code is introduced as an error correction code .
The  , each chip is shifted as much as m sequence 1 in order to have a new phase and to make the second Gold sequence and then , the same type of addition process is repeated .
The 1 : 1 / DP or 1 + 1 / DP architecture can completely restore services from cable cut because it offers complete protection .
The 1 : 1 / DP structure may be preferred  , particularly for fiber systems with capacities above Gbps rates , not only for promiting easy operations , but also for facilitating network transitions to ring networks where SONET high - speed SHRs may become preferable in the future .
The 1 : 1 / OAP architecture using WDM allows for system survivability during multiple failures .
The 1 : 1 / ODP architecture can also be implemented using optical switches and Wavelength Division Multiplexing ( WDM ) devices ( i . e .  , multiplexers and demultiplexers ) as depicted in Fig.1.65 .
The 1 : 1 / ODP architecture depicted in Fig.1.62 can easily be modified to achieve this .
The 1 : 1 BSHRs can also be configured as 1 : N BSHRs  , i . e . , one protection communications ring for N working communication rings .
The 1 : 1 USHR uses a separate ring as the protection ring  , which does not carry the service demand in the normal situation , and folds ( loops ) the disrupted channels onto the protection ring from the working ring when he network component fails .
The 1 : 1N / DP and 1 : 1 / ODP architectures can be incorporated into this architecture in a simple  , manner .
The 1 : N / DP architecture  , which protects networks from fiber cable cuts , is not effective for preventing hub failure .
The 1 : N APS architecture  , as depicted in &lt; fig.1.50 &gt; is the simplest and most commonly used APS architecture .
The 1 : N APS architecture  , which protects the network from a single fiber - system failure or a single multiplexing - equipment failure , may not recover from fiber cable cuts .
The 1 : N APS architecture can restore a single - fiber system failure ; however  , it is not effective for fiber cable cuts because the protection fiber is placed in the working fiber sheath and could also be cut .
The 1 : N APS system includes protection switching modules  , a 1 : N bus , and a Protection Switching Controller ( PSC ) .
The 11  , 2 kbit / s VSELP ( Vector sum excited linear prediction ) – code signal from a mobile station is converted into the usual m - law PCM signal , and vice verse by a coder / decoder circuit in the Speech Processing Equipment ( SPE ) of the D - AMS unit ( figure 8.20 ) .
The 11 and 15 GHz bands are used for short and medium – distance communication because they are effected by rain and the relay interval must be shortened ( 20 km or less ) .
The 120 channel capacity on the frame structure is identical to that of the digital switching system and also identical to the multiple of the channel capacity on primary order digital signal or analogue group band signal .
The 16QAM modulation method uses 16 kinds of radio wave by combining the phase and amplitude  , and signals are assigned to them .
The 1x2 optical switch  , acting as a selector , switches demand from failed fibers to corresponding diverse protection fibers when a cable containing working fiber pairs is cut .
The 256QAM method with a more transmission capacity is frequency used .
The 30 / 20 GHz band has an advantage in this respect  , which has led to its use .
The 4  , 5 , and 6 GHz bands of these bands are uses for long – distance transmission is possible even if the relay distance is long about 50 km ) .
The 4 PSK wave  , E ( t ) , can be represented as a composite signal of the two signals crossing at right angles in :
The 4800sps data is modulated by the Walsh function code W32 by multiplying four times  , that is each symbol becomes 4x64 = 256 c / s .
The 6 - dB bandwidth is a frequency range up to a frequency at which the amplitude of the output electrical signal demodulated from an optical signal after propagating over a distance of one kilometer reduces down to one half the amplitude ( 3 dB in light power reduction ) of the input modulating electrical signals .
The 9 rows 87 columns following the 3rd columns are the payload capacity SOH used to transmit the network operation and administration information and pointers used to designate the payload frame position .
The A / D converter LSI is integrated with about 10.000 components .
The ability of a digital transmission system to reject crosstalk is sometimes more significant than its ability to operate in relatively high levels of random noise .
The ability of a facility to meet demand can be expressed in terms of the relationship between demand forecast ( net increase of demand forecast ) and the extra capacity available to handle demand increase ( to be detailed in section 1.4.3 ( 3 ) ) .
The abnormal operation control system should be compatible with various network formats  , and should be separate from the general control system because it is easier to operation that way .
The above - mentioned example is a case for NTT 's own lines only .
The above are 2 level digital modulation  , but multi level which is more than can increase transmission efficiency because even though symbol quantity increased , it can keep the bandwidth itself and increase equivalent bit rate .
The above can be functionally classified a into telephone switching  , video , and data communications service .
The above described interference from other communication circuits  , but interference can also be generated inside the route .
The above describes the latest standard ISO document ( SC21 )  , while the schedule for its completion is given in Table 9.1 .
The above equation  , when assuming that the loop has beeb already locked , two low pass filter removes high frequency element and accordingly , the output of filter can be presented as follows .
The above equation is true because mode – 2 addition at { mj } becomes the multiplication at { pj } .
The above high level layer pointers are marked with H1  , h2 and H3 .
The above is sufficient for satellite base stations that do not serve as a central base station  , but for stations that do also serve as a central station , the data for the central station is selected .
The above mentioned items can be summarized as call connection and transmission criteria  , numbering plan , reliability , and billing system .
The above method can modulate the intensity of light with pulse current having smaller amplitude than the method of directly applying signal pulse current without bias current .
The above paragraph describes the interference of a terrestrial microwave circuit with a satellite system .
The above services include communication as well as distribution services and some of the services may require their own networks ( since some of them include circuit mode services and packet mode services ) .
The above two conditions fully define signals transmitted via transmission equipment .
The ABR service  , a methods with which you can transmit high - speed data making the most use of the available bandwidth of the transmission link which the CBR and the VBR traffics do not use , guaranteeing the minimum cell transmission rate is expected to be used widely in such fields as distributing computing , video information retrieval , high speed file transmission and connection with LANs .
The abscissa here indicates frequency and the ordinate indicates time .
The abscissa represents the energy per bit to noise density ratio ; ( Eb / No )  , of the received signal and the ordinate indicates the bit error rate .
The absicissa shows the memory capacity and the ordinate shows the memory cycle time .
The acknowledge algorithm is the same as the CAVE algorithm defined on IS - 54 - B attached document A .
The activated station uses this number to determine whether the call is from an in - office switching system or another station .
The actual burst transmission rate is fixed as the 28  , 800 code symbol per second .
The actual gain of a 20 - meter parabolic earth station antenna is approximately 60dB at 6GHz  , while that of a 4.5 - meter antenna is approximately 55dB at 14GHz .
The actual switching of channels from the old zone to the new zone inside the switching system completes the channel switching process during communication .
The add - drop function is usually operated manually ; thus  , no remote , automatic provisioning feature exists in today 's asynchronous networks .
The additional installation also requires that due attention be given to trends in demand for non - telephone services  , and wider consideration be given to digitalization and effective use of existing cables and conduits .
The address field is furnished with a Service Access Point Identifier ( SAPI ) and a Terminal Endpoint Identifier ( TEI ) .
The address filter filters out the internal output port addresses of cells used for broadcasting on a medium and then  , stores them onto the FIFO of corresponding output port .
The address filter filters out the internal output port addresses of cells used for broadcasting on a medium and then  , stores them onto the FIFO of corresponding output port .
The address translation procedure is the function with which you find the ATM address of the corresponding LEC that has a LAN end system containing a specified MAC address after having inquired the allocated LESV .
The addresses for which the first reading is performed in each block are all designated address # 1 .
The addresses in the SCM correspond to the numbers of the time slots .
The adjacent base stations use special scanning receivers to search the signals of channels being used .
The Adjunct - based configuration is suitable for process - insensitive services with much interaction between exchanges and service control function .
The adjusting of guard time and transmitting timing .
The ADM 3 / X is a synchronous ADM that provides an interface between two fullduplex SYNTRAN DS3 signals and one or more full - duplex DS1 signals .
The ADM can work in either the terminal mode or the add - drop mode .
The ADM is a deceive that provides not only the network multiplexing function ( as dose the TM )  , but also an automated add - drop capability and remote option settings .
The ADM without the crossconnect capability uses Time Slot Assignment ( TSA ) as its signal multiplexing scheme  , whereas the ADM with the cross - connect capability uses Time Slot Interchange ( TSI ) as its signal multiplexing scheme .
The administration must avoid unnecessary investment  , considering each area 's long - term installation plan and facilities replacement plan .
The administration must give full consideration to the following points in order to create such a plan .
The administration must have a clear idea of the most suitable scope of expansion and the scale of the work required .
The administration must predict when each facilities management unit will require expansion  , when the expansion work should start , and what the uses ' future needs will be .
The administrator can perform the job by changing corresponding translation information or programs .
The advantage of adopting the FM sub - carrier system is that it is possible to effectively use the television transmission bandwidth by combining the video and the sound into the video carrier .
The advantage of satellite communication using this band is that it allows the use of small Earth stations .
The advantage of the DH ( C ) / 1 : 1 / DP architecture is not only that it is more cost - effective  , but also it has higher hub survivability and simpler operations than the DH ( D ) / 1 : 1 / DP architecture .
The advantages of ADSL are that the existing twist pair cable can be used as they are and it enjoys high reliability due to one - to - one access with the corresponding telephone office and subscriber  , and the installation is possible to subscribers actually requiring them through the use of simple access device .
The advantages of ADSL are that the existing twist pair cable can be used as they are and it enjoys high reliability due to one - to - one access with the corresponding telephone office and subscriber  , and the installation is possible to subscribers actually requiring them through the use of simple access device .
The advantages of digital telecommunications networks are as follow .
The advantages of frequency division multiple access one of the difficult problems in realizing digital cellular system is the delay diffusion according to delayed arriving time of multipath wave in cellular channel  , it cause Intersymbol interference ( ISI ) and sometimes declines the performance of cellular system .
The advantages of PSM is appeared in long distance communications  , when the modulation wave is affected by noise , it can eliminated the influence and can introduce the regeneration repeater .
The advantages of Wavelength Division Multiplexing transmission can be enumerated as follows :
The agent process finds the designated managed object in the system and changes the value to that designated  , then returns the result in a Set - Request PDU .
The agent process responds with a Get - Request PDU in the same way as for a Get - Request PDU .
The agent process takes the designated managed object out of the system and sends back that value to the manager process in a Get - Response PDU .
The agent responds to all three of these requests with a Get - Response .
The aggregate of points all of which are the same in electromagnetic field strength at the same time is called the equiphasal surface .
The AIN Release 1 physical architecture is identical to the IN CS - 1 physical architecture  , with the following exceptions :
The air refraction index changes slightly due to the changes of the air density .
The aircraft public telephone service which is the direct communication type between arthstation and aircraft  , is used partially in America , Japan . And some nations .
The AIS / RDI alarm monitoring function is only applied between F4 and F5 ends .
The AIS / RDI alarm monitoring function is only applied between F4 and F5 ends .
The AIS is also used in the synchronous terminal system for informing the switching system of the circuit conditions where the individual circuit will be put into service or not  , as the circuit routing function make .
The alarm system as the circuit terminating function .
The alarming functions with the unified idea are necessary for engineers at the stage of introduction .
The alarms functions are two major purposes . one is the restriction of alarms in one station to prevent the alarm propagations and to localize the faulty source efficiently to inform the associated position of trouble occurrences if the faulty conditions are detected .
The algorithm for CAC has been studied in three directions .
The ALL layer is made up of convergence sublayer ( CS ) and segmentation and reassemble ( SAR ) sublayer .
The allocation of tasks  , contact system , and range of responsibilities must be clarified .
The allocation of transmission capacity is determined in accordance with required capacity and allocation possible capacity through the negotiation with the communication network during the call set up process .
The allowable crosstalk level is determined from the standpoint of maintaining privacy and possible disturbance to communication .
The allowable maximum value is determined as a compromise between the quality of transmission and economy .
The American 's IN architecture is very typical in sense that local exchanges service control .
The amount of call to be processed by switching systems have increased tremendously and the need to upgrade existing functions has risen .
The amount of delay is obtained through calculations based on the measurement of the distance between each earth station and the satellite .
The amount of equalization delay of the variable delay circuit is determined by comparing the base of the phase compensation signal from the encoder at the time it is received via metallic lines from the line link unit and at the me the waves transmitted from a base station that have a phase equivalent to the total delay are received by the pager .
The amount of information represented by one unit pulse is called one bit .
The amount of noise generated by the amplifier is expressed by the above equation .
The amount of noise in each telephony channel can be expressed in terms of the ratio of signal power to noise power  , or S / N , in a voice channel at the demodulator output .
The amount of packet data entering the network should be restricted to avoid lockup .
The amplified electrical signals are reconverted into optical signals for retransmission through an optical fiber cable .
The amplitude distortion is equalized by the same IF band equalizer as explained when the group delay noise was discussed .
The amplitude distortion is produced from the frequency response of ht amplitude of the FM transmission path .
The amplitude distortion is produced from the third order coefficient and fourth order coefficient of the amplitude frequency characteristics .
The amplitude indicates the height of wave and is half of the voltage or electric field ( if propagated in the space ) from the minimum level to the maximum level as shown in fig 2.5 .
The amplitude of intermodulation is dependent on the number of carriers to be amplified and on the frequency difference .
The amplitude of synchronizing pulses is constant  , which is equivalent to 40 % of the level difference between blanking level and reference white level .
The amplitude of the analog voice signal is continuous on the time scale .
The amplitude of the color sub - carrier represent the color saturation .
The amplitudes of the quantizing are informly distributed within the quantizing interval  , irrespective of the amplitude of the original signal .
The AMS then executes a loop test for the wire circuit between the MBS and the AMS and if it is good  , shifts the mobile terminal from the speech channel in the original zone to the new speech channel .
The analog - to - digital conversion process inherently introduces a loss of signal fidelity since the continuous analog source waveform can only be represented by discrete sample values .
The analog cellular system differs from the conventional systems in that it uses frequencies again .
The analog FM modulation method for voice signals requires C / I value of 18dB in oder to secure a certain level of system performance .
The analog multiple access system provides telecommunication services for subscribers in a rural area  , by using multi - channel access technique for efficient utilization of frequency .
The analog transmission method can be carried out with only an amplifier used to make the receive side obtain required output level by converting electrical signals into optical signals and vice versa .
The analysis results are represented by performance levels .
The angular momentum generated by the body rotation is used to control the influence of external disturbances to stabilize the attitude of the satellite .
The antenna directivity and gain are basic characteristics of the antenna .
The antenna emits ( transmits ) or absorbs ( receives ) radio waves .
The antenna gain is the most important parameter  , which determines not only the antenna performance but also the performance and scale of the Earth stations .
The antenna has to be of low noise and low sidelobe type in order to avoid piking up excess thermal noise or interference from other microwave systems .
The antenna is directed to the sun  , it receives solar noise directly , and the line quality deteriorates due to increased noise .
The antenna is shared for transmission and reception .
The antenna loss can be reduced by using a thicken loop element .
The antenna must be designed with consideration for the high merits when worn on the body  , suppression of sensitivity by random reflections of electromagnetic fields inside buildings and compactness and high weight .
The antenna of a mobile unit is connected to a transceiver via a duplexer  , which enables both transmitting and receiving at time just by one antenna .
The antenna of an earth station  , which stands into the sky as the symbol of satellite communications , is required to provide high gain , low sidelobe performance , excellent polarization performance , and low noise .
The antenna performance requirements will be examined in detail in our lesson on the Antenna System . .
The API - connection can have total 12 state from A0 th A11  , and the state transfer will be activated by the execution of the API primitives .
The API primitives are 20 primitives for control  , 2 for data transmission , and 6 for management .
The appearance of SNMP can be traced back to the middle 1970s  , when DARPA ( the Defense Advanced Research Project Agency ) began research on the basic concept of Internet , a network for researchers in the United States .
The applicable cable - wire diameter is then automatically applied to main and branch lines in each region .
The application entity that provides the system management protocol within the system management processes basically provides two protocols  , one for common management ( CMIS / P ) and the other for specific management ( SMFA ) .
The Application Layer also provides the various services required for the exchange of information between application processes .
The application of radio communication to public communication is largely classified into three parts :
The application of this principle in the frequency domain gives a concept of base - band frequency characteristics .
The approach taken in ITU - T is a phased standardization process toward the target IN architecture .
The appropriated frequency bands for mobile radio communication are limited  , and the currently used frequency vand is several dozens of MHz , and it is lower than the fixed radio communication band od about 500 MHz .
The approximate values of such antenna noise are given in the figure 2.17 .
The APS system can operate in either a revertive or a non - revertive mode .
The architecture of SCANTS is very similar to SDB .
The area based registration method is used widely for defining the area borders of cellular system or inter system border .
The area identification code is reported by the Paging Channel .
The assembly of the ferrule type connector is performed in the following order : insertion and fixing of an optical fiber into the ferrule  , and polishing of the ferrule 's end surface .
The assigned cells indicate those assigned for ATM layer service and unassigned cells indicate those not assigned .
The assignment channel occupies the first 128 bits of the DSI sub - burst and is used for transmission of assignment messages .
The assignment message indicates the state of connections between input terrestrial channels and satellite channels at the transmit side .
The assignment of satellite channels is performed by using the numbers of the international channels .
The association between a SLPI and a SDF is established by Bind and Bind Result operations .
The AT &amp; T IN architecture is basically in line with the ITU - T CS - 1 and currently about one third of the total traffic is IN based .
The ATM communication method was introduced to implement the BISDN .
The ATM communication system has been developed for the implementation of BISDN and therefore  , it is sometimes referred to as the ATM network .
The ATM communication system has integrated the existing circuit mode digital communication system and packet mode communication system .
The ATM communication system is similar with the packet communication system in that is uses ATM cells as basic transmission medium whereas the ATM system differs in that it can handle real - time and equalized signals the same .
The ATM forum  , recognizing the above issues , has newly set up a RBB group ( Residential Broadband Group ) under its auspice as part of its effort to standardize residency subscriber network structures .
The ATM forum  , recognizing the above issues , has newly set up a RBB group ( Residential Broadband Group ) under its auspice as part of its effort to standardize residency subscriber network structures .
The ATM layer  , when detecting the OAM flow of physical layer , changes itself into the defect state and carries out the alarm monitoring function through the use of cells that have been allocated exclusively for OAM for all the virtual paths and virtual channel belonging to the corresponding physical layer .
The ATM layer  , when detecting the OAM flow of physical layer , changes itself into the defect state and carries out the alarm monitoring function through the use of cells that have been allocated exclusively for OAM for all the virtual paths and virtual channel belonging to the corresponding physical layer .
The ATM layer loopback function is used to test the operability of VPC or VCC connection .
The ATM switching is the function of distributing each cell to each corresponding destination in accordance with VPI / VCI which is the routing information of the header for each link .
The ATM system specifies hierarchical protocol reference model for systematic and flexible information transmission .
The ATM user  , in order to set up desired grade connection , load requested wide band - width and proper QoS that have been selected onto the setup message .
The ATMF specification is based on international standard in case related international standard is provided and compensates the various defects of international standardization procedures by suggesting forum specification to international standardization organizations such as ITU - T timely .
The attenuation is proportional to 1 / f2  , thus , in terms of the quality of communication , it is desirable to select the highest frequency that can be used as space wave .
The AU connects the MHS and such telemark services as telex  , teletex and facsimile .
The automatic call distributed developed by Collins - Rockwell is an early example of a digital switch operating in an analog environment .
The average value of light energy is changed based on the mark ratio of the generation of 1 and 0 .
The axial ratio compensator is a slightly ellipticallized and rotatable waveguide  , which is used at a receiving station to improve the cross polarization in a repeating section .
The axial ratio compensator is a waveguide which is used for improving the cross polarization discrimination in each repeating station .
The bandwidth is 8MHz and the chrominance sub - carrier frequency is 4.25 MHz for the DB signal and 4.40625 MHz for the DR signal .
The bandwidth is sufficiently wide to amplify a carrier of any frequency and the output power has a sufficient margin so that the intermodulation distortion arising from simultaneous amplification of multiple signals remains below a specified level .
The bandwidth of common medium used should be larger than ' N ' number of input / output ports and two times the line speed ' V ' .
The bandwidth of each carrier is 20MHz .
The bandwidth of signals is restricted as the signals pass through a digital filter having a rapid roll - off  , and as a result , 3db bandwidth has almost rectangular spectrum form ( 1.23 Mhz ) .
The bandwidth of the satellite transponder employed in INTELSAT TDMA operation is 72MHZ .
The bandwidth ratio of 2nd modulated wave and 1 st modulated wave is called diffusion gain .
The bandwidth required for FM signal transmission can be expressed by equation ( 5.10 )  , which is called Carson 's bandwidth .
The base - band frequency characteristics is frequency response characteristics of an input to output amplitude ratio  , where the input is a sine - wave electrical signal to modulate an optical signal to be sent from one end of an optical transmission path , and the output is an electrical signal demodulated from the optical signal received at the other end of the path as shown in Fig . 1.26 ( a ) .
The base band signals that passed through LP1 and LP2 respectively undergo amplitude limit amplification by amplitude limitless LIM1 and LIM2 .
The base station can allow or prohibit these types of autonomous registrations .
The base station carries out the answering on specific access channel signals through the use of paging channel messages .
The base station controller allocates the digital data receiver and modulator for specific calls .
The base station is available to install at the same site of the control equipment or sometimes at the different site .
The base station measures the strength of the signal and converts the measured strength into the power control bit  , and transfers it as 4 bit binary ( level 0 to 15 ) by the scrambling bit 23 , 22 , 21 and 20 .
The base station must also be constantly aware of the mobile station 's position .
The base station notifies registration methods to be used and parameters related to these to the mobile unit through the use of system parameter messages .
The base station receiver combines signals received through both sectored antenna and de - modulates diversity combine .
The base techniques required for building high - performance communication networks are called digital techniques  , a term which includes the digital transmission technique , the LSI semiconductor circuit technique and the digital signal processing technique .
The baseband signal in the quadrature modulation is a multilevel NRZ approximately shown in Fig.3.13 .
The basic advantage of integrating the two systems is shown in Fig . 3.6 .
The basic antenna for HF band includes vertical antenna  , half wave length antenna , folded antenna , loop antenna , conical antenna , slot antenna , and so forth .
The basic commands ( PDUs ) for communication between manager and agent processes are Get – Request  , Get - Next - Request , Set - Request , Get - Response and Trap ( Figure 10.3 ) .
The basic component of HF band antenna is dipole antenna  , which does not want earth and has good efficiency .
The basic concept of cell allocation is that taking enough distance to reuse the frequencies under the interference condition and keeping the same distance fro each cell to allocate the frequency under the reuse pattern .
The basic concept of cell allocation is that taking enough distance to reuse the frequencies under the interference condition and keeping the same distance from each cell to allocate the frequency under the reuse pattern .
The basic concept of future metallic subscriber line design is described below .
The basic concept of the distribution system is as follows .
The basic concept of TMN is to set up the standardized procedure for exchanging data and management information between the operation system and various types of communication network elements making up the network or between the operation systems by using standardized interface .
The basic configuration of light transmitting part including the light output stabilization circuit is given .
The basic configuration of the IN platform is shown in Fig . 3 - 12 .
The basic configuration of the optical fiber communication system is show in Fig . 1.1 .
The basic configuration of the PCM transmission system for changing analog signals into pulse code signals for transmission is shown in Fif.3.8 .
The basic crosspoint of a digital switch is nothing more than an AND gate with one logic input assigned to the message signal and the other inputs used for control ( crosspoint selection ) .
The basic form antenna is two conducting wire of same thickness closed enough each other and folded with termination of both ends as shown in Fig.2.11 .
The basic functions that should be provided by the analog subscriber circuit can be summarized with the word BORSCHT made up of the first characters of each function  , that is :
The basic goals of BISDN are to set up a digital network capable of integrating and providing various types of broadband services through the utilization of high rate transmission  , switching , signal processing , computer , software , and element technology .
The basic goals of BISDN were to integrate real time continuous signals and group data signals with broadband distribution from narrow band services such as remote inspection  , data terminal , telephone and facsimile to broadband services including video phone , video conference , precision screen transmission , high speed data transmission and image signal transmission .
The basic index lets the identifier include a Containment .
The basic mode of analog transmission is that the SSB ( single side band ) multiplexing mode of 4kHz band suppressed the carrier in order to decreasing the transmission power and narrowing the transmission band as possible as for proportion the loss of transmission media to a square root to a frequency .
The basic model for defining managed objects is the Structure of Management information ( SMI ) .
The basic objectives of BISDN are to integrate all the continuous real time signals and group data signals having a wide band distribution ( required to provide remote detection  , narrow band services such as remote monitoring , data terminal , telephone , and fax and broadband services such as video telephone , video conference , precision screen transmission , high - speed data transmission , and video signal transmission ) .
The basic operating principle for this architecture is that two input signals of two different wavelengths on separate  , single - mode fiber ports of the device are multiplexed on one single - mode fiber output port .
The basic pager circuit configuration is shown in Fig.9.15 .
The basic point is S and T  , the function group includes B - TE1 , B - TE2 , and B - TA , B - NT1 , B - NT2 .
The basic policy of Metrobus is to develop the most optimum optical communication system with the consideration of the aspect of high - speed  , large - capacity which is the characteristic of the optical communication system , the evolutionary direction of the communication network , the developmental process of the element technology , and the trend of service innovation .
The basic principle of the pulse modulation is a process of converting continuous signal such as voice into discrete digital signals and then  , recovering these into original information .
The basic repeater in a digital radio - relay system is a regeneration repeater  , because the regenerative repeating system causes little degradation in a signal transmitted through many repeaters .
The basic signaling system function based on protocol messages  , information elements , and procedures .
The basic structure model of BISDN is as shown in &lt; Fig.1.74 &gt; .
The basic transmission route is as following figure .
The basis concept of pulse stuffing involves the use of a clock frequency on the output side which is purposely made higher than that on the input side .
The basis configurations of these categories are depicted in Fig . 4 - 1 .
The basis functions provided by the numbering system during switching and connection are the following .
The basis strategy of KT is to separate the international IN from the domestic IN .
The batcher banyan switch illustrated in Figure 4 - 5 aligns input cells in the order of output address size by using bitonic sorting elements proposed by batcher and then  , the paths are determined by using the banyan routing elements .
The battery saving format of NTT 's 1200b / s system is shown in Fig.9.9 .
The battery saving format of POCSAG is shown in Fig9.11 .
The BCM interacts with the FIM as described below .
The BCSM identifies points in basis call and connection processing when the IN service logic is permitted to interact with basis call and connection control capabilities .
The BCSM is a high - level state transition of CCF to establish and maintain a call and a communication path for users .
The bearer service is a basic service to transfer and switch information  , irrespective of terminal function , without information processing .
The bearer service is a type of service for the switching and transfer of 64kbps information whether the terminal used is a telephone set or a facsimile machine .
The bearer service is defined as a type of telecommunication service which provides the capability for the transmission of signals between user – network  , interfaces . .
The bearer services to which E is given in the Remarks column are essential services to be supported by every ISDN .
The beginning and conclusion of transmitted speech is marked by two unique words called the preamble and the postamble .
The beginning point address of corresponding VC is recorded onto the following 10 bits .
The benefits of modern device technology are not confined to digital circuits alone .
The BER concerning digital radio system is prescribed in ITU – R Rec  , as shown in Fig.5.7 , table 5.2 and 5.3 .
The BER concerning rural network is prescribed in the ITU – R Rec  , 380 - 3 , and the following objectives are applied to a rural network .
The best method to do this is to change the refraction rate of a core slowly so as to make graded index optical fibers that has a parabola shape ( with the greatest refraction rate ) .
The biggest differences between the configuration of a digital system and the present analog system are the voice transmission method and access procedure .
The biggest problem is the propagation loss which waves undergo when they propagates between the ground station and the faraway satellite .
The binary PN sequences that have been known so far are the longest linear feedback shift register sequence or m sequence that can be made into m order shift register  , m sequence { mj } has the cycle of 2m - 1 and can be generated by primitive polynomial equation h ( x ) .
The BISDN or ATM communication system has been developed at the . end of 1980s and accordingly  , are still being researched and upgraded .
The bit error rate ( Pe ) as a result of synchronous detection of BPSK and QPSK signals is given by the following formula :
The bit error rate achieved with error correction is better than 10 ^ - 13 at Eb / No under degradation .
The bit error rates actually obtained are usually worse than those obtained from this graph ; the more phases that exist  , the greater is the difference from the theoretical values .
The bit interleaving technique is used to obtain high order group signals .
The bit rate increases in proportion to the number of channels to be miltiplexed .
The bit rate is determined to be 120.832 Mbit / sec taking into account the frequency bandwidth of the INTELSAT V satellite transponder .
The bit rate of contact plane due to the strong affect of SDH previously standardized  , was determined to be 155.520 Mbps .
The bit rate of signals used in the INTELSATE TDMA system is 120.832 Mbit / s .
The blank and burst system carries out the transmission at the rate of 9600bps .
The blanking interval occupies about 16 % of the time interval  , which leaves about 84 % or 53 , 45 sec for the effective picture interval .
The blanking level Carrier is selected to be under the reference black level B in order to prevent the retrace line from appearing on the screen .
The bottom - up approach in Fig 2 - 2 focuses on modeling and enhancing the capabilities of existing network in terms of the Physical Plane and goes up the INCM .
The bottom - up portion focused on modeling the capabilities of existing networks in term of functional and physical architecture .
The bottom - up portion focused on the network capabilities which can be realized by the smooth evolution of the existing network .
The BSSMs enable IN service control during all phases of a call : i . e . call set - up  , active and call release phases .
The buffered banyan switch illustrated in Figure 4 - 5 has a structure having a buffer on each ' k ' port input part so that the internal blocking of elements is reduced .
The burst assignment plan for each earth station is called Burst Time Plan .
The Burst Time Plan stipulates the position of each burst in the TDMA frame through the number of symbols between the SOF  , start of TDMA frame , and the last symbol of the unique word .
The Burst Time Plan stipulates the time interval between RB1 and the SOF and that between RB2 and the SOF for each transponder .
The bus equipment include remote monitor control equipment  , sensors required for posture control , jet system for posture / orbit modification , and solar batteries .
The bus is basically composed of two lines for signal transfer from the NT to every TE  , and two lines for signal transfer from every TE to the NT .
The bus network shown in ( a ) is set up connecting all area line networks in series whereas the ring network shown in ( b ) is set up roundly .
The BUS processes the broadcast traffic via the ATM virtual channel in case that the LEC demands the LAN end systems which the LECree ATM nek .
The C - 4M  , CP - 12MTr , C - 60M and DC - 100M systems employ 2 , 6 / 9 , 5 mm coaxial cable .
The C / I and C / N are then combined to find C / N - I using equation 4.14 .
The C / I equation should be derived before we can come up with the equation for calculating the capacity of CDMA .
The C / N – BER curve or C / N – S / N curve is used to determine unavailability ( BER 10 - 3 or S / N 30dB ) of a circuit during rainfall at this intensity  , and thus the value of C / N required during rainfall at this intensity , and thus the value of C / N required during such rainfall .
The C / N referred to the earth station receiver input is k . T . B expressed by equation ( 5.32 )  , since the noise power at the receiver input is kTB which is given by equation ( 5.31 ) .
The C / No is the ratio of carrier power to noise power per Hz .
The C band ( uplink : 6GHz band  , downlink : 4 GHz band ) is used for INTELSAT and many domestic satellite communication .
The cable fault rate of this cable is approximately one half and one third that of the aerial plastic cable .
The cable used for the line is called cable  , and is sub classified as a feeder cable and a distribution cable .
The cable wires of newly installed cables and expansion cables ( including existing cables in distribution areas subject to expansion ) must not be multiple - connected according to the following items in consideration of non - telephone services and demand fluctuation areas . Moreover  , existing cables must be released from multiple - connection as much as possible .
The calculated demand is compared and checked with field conditions and adjusted according to the following :
The call  , after arriving at the incoming circuit , is passed through the network , then switched to the associated side , and sent out through the outgoing circuit .
The call  , after arriving at the incoming circuit , is switched to the associated side and sent out through the outgoing circuit , as in the case in Figure 2.1 .
The call capacity per base station is 72 Erlang when call cut off rate in bandwidth 1.25 MHz is about 2 % .
The call connection operation of the switching system is carried out as follow :
The call control procedure in the ISDN user part is designed on the basic of the unification of the procedures for telephone and non – telephone services .
The call is connected in the direction from the incoming circuit to the outgoing circuits .
The call is connected to the called party via an alternate route of theory next high level office .
The call is then routed to the corresponding SSP from this switch to be handled by one of the IN platform .
The call is then tried several more times within a fixed period of time .
The call processing capacity of CDMA system can be increased by 10 - 50 % depending on the actual distribution of mobile units .
The call signal from the encoder ( ENCOD ) is sent to the transmitter with automatic equalization of the line delay between the central station and the various base stations by the built - in variable delay circuit .
The call switch circuit network performs call connection and disconnection .
The caller estimates the location of the party to be called and includes the numeric code for the appropriate message billing index in the dialed number for charge processing .
The caller 's local exchange begins to measure the duration of the call in units determined by the numbers dialed  , for calculating the amount the caller is to be charged .
The calling party receives this note  , and the dials the address number , .
The calling party sometimes cannot  , because of its location in the switching system at the start of the call , be identified and the correct message billing index sometimes cannot be determined from the called number .
The calling side LS determines the call charge from the mobile telephone ID number .
The calling side LS references the message billing index in the dialed number for charge processing .
The capacity of CDMA system is proportional to the basic data rate of vocoder .
The capacity of civil engineering - related facilities must be determined to meet demand for a relatively long time with economy  , restrictions on exclusive use of roads and social environments considered .
The capacity of manholes is sufficient to handle twice the number of ducts in the proposed cables  , plus spare ducts .
The carrier color signal is added to the one - line delay circuit .
The carrier is the radio wave with a signal frequency  , and when it is modulated , it becomes the radio wave with an extension of frequency .
The carrier modulation and demodulation process in digital radio transmitters and receivers ( transceivers ) can be performed at an intermediate frequency in a heterodyne system or directly at the radio frequency of the microwave system .
The carrier power [ C ] should be larger than [ N ] by 10dB  , because [ C / N ] = 10dB .
The carrier power C at the receiver input of an earth station is expressed by equation ( 5.30 ) .
The carrier sizes and carrier frequencies are subject to change in compliance with changes of channel assignment due to increased traffic demand .
The Cassegrain antenna  , which is a modified version of parabolic antenna , is generally used .
The CATV bandwidth is further classified into 6MHz bands per analog TV channel .
The CATV bandwidth is further classified into 6MHz bands per analog TV channel .
The causes of degradation in cross polarization discrimination include such factors as inadequate precision of the reflector surface  , a defective primary reflector and its improper mounting .
The CBR and the non - real time VBR are generally used for the real time transmission such as audio and video  , and the non - real time VBR , the ABR and the UBR is applied to the transmission which does not demand real timing .
The CCIR establishes the quality objectives to be met for the various types of services and modulation processes employed .
The CCIR specifies a reference radiation diagram of earth station antennas to be used for the purpose of interference estimation .
The CDC is used for transmission of CDC messages by the reference station .
The CDC message contains two types of information .
The CDMA capacity is represented by the following equation when no functions are added to the system under the non - cellular environment in accordance with the above .
The CDMA channel list messages have the information on CDMA frequency allocation that includes paging channels and the mobile unit can search out necessary paging channel through the use of this message .
The CDMA signal design of the forward link that is connected from a base station to a mobile unit has the constraint length of k = 9 and uses a convolutional coded with the code rate of 1 / 2 .
The CDMA system utilizes an acknowledge method specially developed for EIA / TIA / IS - 54 - B .
The cells that have been evaluated as violating commitments by UPC are tagged ( That is  , CLP = 0 cell is converted into CLP = 1 ) or scrapped , and then those cells calculate the cell loss rate of corresponding ATM connection .
The cellular operator installs and operates as set of vocoders operated in various rates to the MSC so that they can be used commonly .
The cellular system has been developed to achieve the mobile telephone services in urban areas and on main roads .
The cellular system is composed of a mobile telephone switch  , base stations and terminal stations .
The cellular system may be configured differently in accordance with the requirements of various types of environments .
The center frequencies of the individual sub - carrier are determined by the equation ; .
The center line of overlapped area will be regular triangle  , regular square or regular hexagonal shape .
The center portion between adjacent harmonics has a very low energy distribution .
The center stored this information on various media such as paper cards and magnetic tape .
The central base station continuously monitors the phase of the signal returned at each satellite base station .
The central control circuit  , an electronic control circuit composed of steering circuit and each register , manager and operates the entire control system .
The central control circuit  , based on the results of several stages of commands that have been executed , writes the list of the commands related to the operation sequence of the call switch circuit on the temporary memory circuit .
The central control station is connected to the ordinary telephone network .
The central processing device is a control device which is one of the most important devices in the switching system .
The central processing system controls the high - speed signaling control device and input / output device through the utilization of the stored program control method .
The central stations are not necessarily limited to a single station .
The central switching network sub - system consists of a distribution stage switching network  , signaling equipment and a switching network controller , and has the functions of connecting 64 kbit / s digital digital signals to desired circuits by means of time division switching .
The change in status form standby to call is effected through the control process of either call originating or call terminating .
The change rate voder is operated with the transmission rate of 8  , 4 , 2 , and 1kbps , and these correspond respectively to 9.6 , 4.8 , 2.4 and 1.2 kbps .
The channel associated signaling is largely classified into an in - band signaling system utilizing voice frequency bandwidth and out - of - band signaling system utilizing other than voice frequency bandwidth .
The channel capacity can be further doubled in combination with DSI ( Digital Speech Interpolation ) .
The channel card sends out frames through the repetition of symbol and low output transmission .
The channel gets each bit and deploys it into 64 bit Walsh code .
The channel is used in the pseudorandom form as in the case of codes .
The channel structure in user – network interfaces is the B channel which is actually formed with two communication channels  , and the D – channel intended for control signal transmission , that is , 2B + D .
The channel used for paging and broadcasting information is called the paging channel and the channel used to connect the call transmitted from the mobile station and report and register the mobile station 's position is called the transmission control channel .
The characteristics of a connection control systems for phones are listed below and contrasted with those of a fixed network .
The characteristics of ATM switching are that it experiences the variation of cell delay through the using of self routing technique of hardware level and that it can easily support the multi media communication using data  , voice , and video .
The characteristics of the bus type LAN are as follows :
The characteristics of the CSMA / CD system are as follows :
The characteristics of the propagation of the radio wave change greatly according to the frequency ( wavelength ) .
The characteristics of the ring type LAN are as follows .
The characteristics of the star type LAN are as follows :
The characteristics of the structure of multiplexing frame are as follows :
The charges for the mobile network are charged to the mobile subscriber  , that is the called party .
The chips of Walsh functions are combined with long code PNs and short code PNs .
The choice is made by analysis of the service indicator .
The chrominance signal and the locally - generated sub - carrier are supplied to the I - signal synchronized detector and the Q - signal synchronized detector  , where the EI and EQ signals are respectively detected .
The chrominance signal by modulating the 3.58 MHz color sub - carrier .
The chrominance signal EI and EQ are bandwidth - limited by low - pass filters to 1.5 and 0.5 MHz  , respectively .
The chrominance signals and the color burst signal are separated from each other and amplified by the amplifier which has a bandwidth of 2.1 to 4.2 MHz .
The circuit - related signal protocol for interconnecting with ISDN developing functions of mobile communications networks  , and providing digital services is the called ISDN user part ( ISUP ) .
The circuit connecting antenna with transmitter or called feeder line .
The circuit connection in this network is the same as in the case in Figure .
The circuit design can be defined as the allocation of allowable noise power in each portion of communications circuit to meet the noise requirement specified in the CCIR Recommendations .
The circuit design is made based on the principle that each earth station in the system should be in accordance with the specified performance characteristics .
The circuit from a transmitting Earth station to a satellite is called an uplink ; that from a satellite to a receiving Earth station is called a downlink .
The circuit identification code indicates a physical circuit such as circuit code 301 or 302 between Tokyo and Sacramento .
The circuit identification code indicates the circuit to which the call is set .
The circuit includes a pair of modulator and demodulator equipment for conversion of baseband signal to radio frequency signals  , and vice versa .
The circuit is not more complicated necessarily but can be composed of code sequence generator and frequency synthesizer which has already been given .
The circuit switched data network  , as shown in 2.19 , consists of a low - level switching hierarchy , the section from a terminal to the LS ( Local Switch ) , used to collect and multiplexing data for switching and a high - level hierarchy for carrying out the switching function .
The circuit switched data network is a method of connecting communications lines from the originating sides to the terminating sides and then  , carrying out communications between them .
The circular waveguide for feeding has an inner diameter of 69 mm and unit length of 5 meters .
The circular waveguide is a slender waveguide which is 17.3 mm in diameter and is able to transmit only a dominant mode in the 11 GHz band .
The city - wide 150 MHz system described above was introduced in Europe in the 1960s  , but it did not spread as widely as in the U . S . due to the limited number of channels .
The clock frequencies of all the switches normally convert to a single frequency .
The clock frequency of each earth station is not exactly the same because each station has its own clock on which the burst transmit timing and its period depend .
The clocks of all switches in the network should be synchronized to each other .
The code pattern of the first 12 symbols out of the 24 symbols of the unique word is common to the four types of unique words .
The code phase of the optimal service base station can be found by finding out the most strong signal .
The coded information is interleaved at intervals of 20 ms  , and the interleaved information is grouped into 6 symbol groups ( or codeword ) .
The codes use BCH ( 31  , 16 ) and an error correction of 2 bits .
The coding is a process of converting discrete values to corresponding codes .
The coding is process of matching discrete values obtained by quantization to pulse codes .
The coding rate which indicates the data transmission efficiency is 7 / 8 .
The coefficient used for predicting the future signal form the present and past signals is called a predictive coefficient  , and a circuit that has the predictive coefficients is called a predictive filter .
The coherent optical communication system can be used not only for long distance section transmission without regenerator  , but also for the multiplexing channel optical subscriber network that serves the video distribution .
The collective expansion must achieve efficient investment with careful consideration given to demand growth and prevailing local conditions in each fixed distribution area .
The color burst signal is composed of 8 / 12 cycles of the chrominance sub - cattier frequency and is transmitted inserted in the back porch of the blanking period of horizontal scanning .
The color discrimination signal is then integrated and sent to the Schmitt circuit .
The color separation circuit is made up of digital band - pass fitters and a comb - line filter using a line memory as the delay line .
The color separation VLSI circuit carries out the functions of converting the PCM coded NTSC television signal ( composite signal ) to the component signal  , resembling component signal and multiplexing to the TDM - format signal .
The color signal is switched in every scanning line by a flip - flop circuit after pre - emphasis  , and supplied to a low - pass filter .
The color sub - carrier generally appears as fine dots on the screen and this can affect good viewing .
The color sub - carrier phase represents hue .
The color system uses the same type of signal to transmit luminance information as is used in the monochrome or black and white system .
The combination of a terminal and a controller is called a node .
The combination of channels is called the interface structure .
The combination of these three processes is called A / D convertion .
The combination of these two signal processes is called D / A conversion .
The combinational difference coding method was selected and put into commercial use  , this method transmits a limited motion television signal ( e . g . , video conference ) to a digital second - order group at 6.312 Mb / s .
The combined FH / DS system is used because of the following reasons .
The combined modulation system has a special meaning when the clock rate of the code generator of DS reaches its maximum value and the limit value of FH channel .
The combined signal is then used for modulation by the FM modulator for video signals and is transmitted as a radio frequency carrier after frequency conversion .
The command list that has been completed is sent to the switch activation circuit in order to instruct the operation method of the call switch circuit .
The common channel signaling enables the system to use signaling devices .
The common line on which multiplexed signals are transmitted is called a highway .
The common TDMA terminal section comprises compression / expansion buffers  , a sub - burst multiplexer / demultiplexer , an FEC codec , a preamble generator / processor , a scrambler , a descrambler , a unique word detector , a PSK Modem , and synchronization controller .
The communication between the LECs or the LEC and the LESV  , is performed via several ATM virtual connections ( VCC ) isolating the control and the data channels and both the PVC and the SVC are available .
The communication environment for TCP / IP has good compatibility with connectionless LANs  , so efficient hierarchy protocols can be made .
The communication facilities are divided into ( 1 ) antenna  , ( 2 ) transmitter system , ( 3 ) receiver system , and ( 4 ) communication control system , and configured as shown in Fig.9.2 .
The communication facility comprises an antenna  , a high - power transmitter , a low - noise receiver as well as multiple access / modulating and demodulating equipment .
The communication method is that the transmitting side radiates the information signals by the electromagnetic wave  , and that the receiving side receives the electromagnetic wave transmitted through space and defects the original signal .
The communication network can be further classified into a backbone network and community network at the network level .
The communication network is made up of a subscriber access path  , switching equipment , and relay transmission route .
The communication network is made up of a subscriber terminal  , subscriber access path , switching equipment , and relay transmission route .
The communication of this closed connection and other general subscriber is impossible .
The communication satellite consists of the equipment for the purpose mission equipment and common equipment ( bus equipment ) that support them .
The communication services are subdivided into interactive services  , message - type service , and retrieval service while the distribution services are subdivided into the service that can be controlled by users and the service that cannot be controlled by users .
The communications lines used in the packet switched network are 4 - wire type  , which marks possible the fully dual communication method , however the other terminal with the haft dual communication method are available as well .
The communications network can be roughly defined as an transferring system .
The communications system refers to a set of devices or equipment used to enable theory information provider to transfer information to the user .
The community network carries out the connection of service nodes such as subscriber terminals and the switching systems of communication network .
The community network in the cases of voice class  , requires a great amount of investment and this is more true as it starts to provide service to a wider service area : the existing copper line facility makes up about 40 percents of entire communication network investment and assets .
The companding characteristic employed is the A - law .
The companding curves are approximated by segment curves .
The company will introduce the telephone service in whole area in next 20 years .
The compensation is based on the results of measurement at the reference station which are returned to the traffic station .
The compensator is installed in the user premises at one end and in the center station at the other end ; in the user premises a data terminal is located .
The complicated allocations of mixture of the normal circuits and faulty circuits  , so that the AIS should be provided on a circuit basis .
The component signal is input into the prediction circuit  , the prediction value is subtracted from the actual value , and then the difference is transmitted .
The composite electric field intensity . E  , utilize the free space field intensity . Eo in the following equation .
The composite video signal is obtained by adding the front porch  , back porch , and composite synchronizing signals to the picture signal .
The compression  , conversion and regeneration of various service signals have become very easy due to the development of signal processing technology .
The concept introduced as a means for realizing the first stage multiplexing is to accommodate the multiplexing hierarchical signal by controlling the number of container .
The concept of digital modulation is leaded as  , digital modulation changes the amplitude in eqA ( t ) ( 2.4 ) to A or 2 discrete value , a and 0 , according to the binary digital signal ( or PCM code ) , and changes phase angle or instance frequency deviation to 2 level ± f or ± Dw . .
The concept of hypothetical reference circuit having a length of 2  , 500 km has been actively used for analog FM radio systems and is also used in digital radio system engineering .
The concept of maintaining the security and reliability of network management systems is basically the same as that for computer systems .
The concept of network configuration of an FD distribution system is contrasted with that of feeder distribution system in figure 2.32 .
The concept of radio wave propagation path is shown in fig 3.1 .
The concept of service creation and complex call model ( abstract view of call ) applicable to various bearers including speech and data was also proposed .
The concept of testing may change from that of the conventional network with the introduction of IN .
The concept of the first stage multiplexing is also a revolutionary one .
The concept of the TDMA system is shown in Figure 6.13 .
The concept of the token passing system is shown in figure 6.12 .
The concept of this arrangement is shown in figure 2.33 .
The concept of TMN is specified in detail in ITU - T Recommendations M.3010 .
The concept of typical microwave toll relay transmission is shown in Fig.7.1 .
The concept of underground distribution and the work required are shown in table 2.15 .
The concepts of BISDN have been developed to cope effectively with the increasing demand on various types of broadband services .
The concepts of IN / 2 and IN / 1 were then proposed bur turned out to be very realistic .
The conditions to trigger service processing is called DP criteria .
The configuration direct VCC  , a two way VCC , is established during the LECS connection stage ( see Figure 5 - 4 ) by the LEC , via which such configuration information as ATM addresses will be transmitted .
The configuration of digital mobile communication network is shown in figure 8.15 .
The configuration of each signal unit is shown in Fig.2.2 .
The configuration of mobile communication system can be different according to the kinds of services  , generally it is made up with mobile telephone switching office , mobile base station , and wireless telephone terminals .
The configuration of SDB is shown in Fig . 3 - 13 .
The configuration of the present mobile communication network is shown in Figure 8. .
The configuration of the radio frequency carrier depends on the transmission system employed  , i . e . , whether the sound program signal associated with the video signal is transmitted by a dedicated radio frequency carrier , or whether it is transmitted by the radio frequency carrier for the video signal with which the sound signal is multiplexed .
The configuration of user network interface ( UNI ) of BISDN is as shown in &lt; Fig.1.77 &gt; in case of indicating it by using the functional points T S and R and the function groups B - NT1  , B - NT2 , and B - TE1 , B - TE2 , and B - TA .
The congestion may be generated at the point where bottleneck occurs structurally more than all points of the network and  , caused by performance limit of switching structure , cell concentration in output link , element processing rate performing physical layer or ATM layer .
The connecting portion must be small and highly workable .
The connection control of car phones  , however , is more complex with large numbers of subscribers and radio channels .
The connection control of the switching system is carried out through the following process :
The connection control sequence is described when a call is originated from a mobile station ( MS )  , as schematically shown in figure 8.17 .
The connection control system for car phones  , the , is governed by the movement of the phone and the use of radio .
The connection generating commitment violating cells in excess of this limits are automatically released by the connection management function of network management system .
The connection is carried out based on the above procedures .
The connection methods available for the line networks are somewhat more complicated .
The connection must be highly resistant to environmental deterioration .
The connection must be of temporary splicing for reconnection .
The connection of each communication is performed by opening / closing multiplexing and demultiplexing gates .
The connection of two networks is called interworking .
The connection path is selected according to the routing number to a call control D - AMS stored in the home memory  , and multiple D - AMS paging is performed through the call control D - AMS .
The constants of electronic wave are further divided into and at this time is an attenuation constants representing the attenuation a mount and represents a phase constant related to electronic wave .
The construction format for private networks is developing from centralization the coexistence of centralization and decentralization .
The contaminants in the optical fiber are the most important cause for loss ( due to transitional metals such as steel  , chrome , cobalt , and copper and humidity of OH device ) .
The contaminants in transitional metals cause a loss of about 100 dB / km .
The contents are expected to be continuously updated and new information be added .
The contents include common B - ICI interface specifications through ATM exchange and three types of service interworking specifications ( SMDS - ATM IWF  , CES - ATM IWF and FR - ATM IWF ) according to service types .
The contents of SMS / 800 are updated by responsible Organizations ( RESPORGs ) .
The contents of this table can be changed whether required according to the status of adjacent switching system and network traffic .
The contents of this text are based on the most up - to - date information publicized in journals or conference proceedings .
The continuity inspection function is applied between VPC and VCC ends or segments .
The continuity inspection function is applied between VPC and VCC ends or segments .
The continuity inspection function is not include in ATMF UNI - 3.1 .
The continuity inspection function is not included in ATMF UNI - 3.1 .
The continuity inspection function is used to monitor the status of VPC or VCC connection .
The continuous light with a single wavelength is described to be coherent in the time domain .
The contracted items are used as the evaluation criteria of commitment violating cells that the connection is generated .
The control and Delay Channel is usually called the CDC .
The control channel ( CCH ) is first divided into two types  , a common access channel ( CAC ) shared by plural user specific channel ( USC ) reserved for a single user , the common access channel is further divided as follows .
The control channel and voice channel are arranged independently .
The control channel controls call origination and termination .
The control circuits of the most of the switching systems including the crossbar switching system developed in the past are realized with this method .
The Control code takes the form of control data by means of which the reference station directs a traffic station to transmit bursts or to cease transmission .
The control direct VCC  , a two way point - to - point VCC , is established on the LEC 's request and used to transmit the control traffic between the LEC and the LES .
The control distribute VCC  , a one way point - to - point VCC or a one way point - to - VCC , which is establishes on LES 's request , is used for the LES to distribute the control traffic to several LECs .
The control equipment is installed in the same site of the local exchange and it is connected to 2 - write subscriber terminals .
The control for call originating and terminating  , hand - off , clearing and cut off is handed by a carries sense multiple access ( CSMA ) system , with each set handed as a separate unit .
The control formats depend on the nature of both the transmission system and its terminal equipment .
The control method employing stored logic circuits is called the Stored Program Control ( SPC ) .
The control of a digital switch is essentially not very different from that of the conventional analog switch .
The control of access channels is carried out through the use of access parameter messages sent via paging channels .
The control operation is determined by the wiring method .
The control operation must be carried out property .
The control procedure used in LAN is called an access system  , and there are three types : CSMA / CD , token passing and TDMA .
The control relationship between CSF and SSF in type B services may require the sharing of connection control between the switch and external service logic .
The control signals exchanged between the base station and the mobile station for the control of radio channels are transmitted either through exclusively established mutual control channels or through channels allocated for each mobile station .
The control store contains memory addresses to be read out in association with the individual time slots .
The control system for the equipment of these three modules uses a workstation  , which has an excellent man machine interface with the operator , as an I / O device and a control processor .
The control system is separater into the terminal controller ( TC ) which performs line setup and manual switching control to the stand by one in the equipment  , and the measurement controller ( MC ) which controls circuit test sequences .
The control VCC is configured when the LEC is initialized  , and between the LEC LES , the control direct VCC and the control distribute VCC are used .
The controller applies a voltage to switch the 2x2 MOS .
The controls selects two consecutive idle time slots from among the six time slots on highways 11 and 21 .
The conventional survey method is based on the equal density area prediction method and is appropriate for a period when demand is growing rapidly .
The conversion from Group A to Group B is possible only with backward directed signal A - 3 .
The convolutional encoder with the constraint length of 9K  , and the rate 1 / 3 is shown at the point B in the Figure 3 - 12 .
The coordination distance is the distance between an earth station of interest and other communication systems which permits neglect of mutual interference between them .
The core which conveys light is much smaller  , about several µn ( 1 mm = 1 m 10 - 3 mm ) in diameter .
The correlator is used to demodulate signals that have been modulated before carrying out the baseband demodulation at the receive end ; the FH correlator has a DS correlator and local reference signals are multiplied by all the received signals .
The corresponding values of underground portions of the cable must be subtracted .
The cost efficiency ( establishment cost operation ) should be simulated to show how much operation cost can be reduced by introduction of a network management system .
The cost for the second - route facilities is passed on to the users  , since such facilities are custom - built .
The Costas loop carries out the phase synchronization recovery of suppressed carrier and synchronous data detection at the same time .
The costs for optical fiber systems are expected to become more economical with cost reduction for the fiber and optical devices .
The counter threshold initiates an event at a certain counter value .
The critical angle q  , of total reflection is expressed as follows .
The cross bar switching system characterized by the complete separation of the call switching and control circuits was developed in the U . S . A . as well .
The crossbar switch illustrated in Figure 4 - 5 has ' NxN ' number of crosspoints in the elements ( this is used widely in the circuit switching ) and when ' N ' number of input cells is not directed to the out put port at the same time  , ' N ' number of different disjoint paths can be provided .
The crossbar switch illustrated in Figure 4 - 5 has ' NxN ' number of crosspoints in the elements ( this is used widely in the circuit switching ) and when ' N ' number of input cells is not directed to the port at the same time  , ' N ' number of different disjoint paths can be provided .
The crossbar switching system No.5 of the U . S . A . is a typical example employing the stage marker method and that employing the common marker system is the C4.5 Type switching system of Japan .
The crosstalk between circuits in attenuation cable or an open wire line should be as small as possible .
The crosstalk characteristics of the coaxial cable are determined by the shielding effect of the outer conductor and the shielding steel tapes .
The crosstalk is particularly undesirable if it is intelligible and therefore violates someone 's privacy .
The CS - 2 Recommendations ( Q.122x series ) form a detailed and stable basis for achieving implementation of CS - 2 telecom services .
The CS makes the user service information of high level layer into the protocol data unit ( PDU ) and the SAR forms the user information section of ATM cell by cutting off PDU .
The CSMA / CD system concept is shown in Figure 6.11 .
The current digital signaling hierarchy is run based on asynchronous multiplexing technology and its speed or frame configuration is fixed .
The current radio frequency was settled according to the Radio Regulation ( RR ) at the Geneva ITU general conference of 1959 .
The current system user the 250MHz band frequency  , consists of base station installed at the center of the radio zone of 10 to 15 km in radius and a central control station that controls several base station .
The curve is obtained by the approximation to the following equations .
The curves of the A - law and ( - law are approximated by a 13 – segments curve and 15 segments curve  , respectively .
The cut - off wavelength c can be calculated by the equation .
The cut - off wavelength is one of the basic parameters which specify the characteristics of single - mode optical fiber .
The cut fibers must be axially aligned before jointed .
The cutting process of optical fibers is very important  , since the uniformity of cut surface produces great effect on the splicing loss .
The cycle of transmitting  , receiving , and idle is repeated in mobile unit .
The D – channel protocol and No.7 signalling system will be explained in detail later .
The D – channel protocol is a general term for the specification of the functions of the D – channel which is a signal channela2 .
The D – channel protocol is a subscriber ' line signalling system between the user terminal and exchange .
The D – channel protocol is a subscriber 's line signalling system which defines user – network interfaces .
The D / A converter LSI is integrated with about 1  , 400 components .
The D / U for up - links of earth station E3  , namely the D / U at the input of satellite S1 ' is given by Equation ( 5.39 ) .
The dashed line in figure 2.14 shows the change in electric field intensity  , E ( mV / m ) , with distance for the reflection coefficient of the earth , r = 0 , 5 and r = 1800 , under the base station antenna height to hr = 1 , 5m .
The data access manager interacts with the SLEM to provide these functions to SLP instances .
The data access manager provides the functionality needed to access remote information in SDFs .
The data access manager provides the functionality needed to provide for the storage  , management , and access of shared and persistent information in the SCF ( i . e . information that persists beyond the lifetime of a SLP instance ) .
The data ALU contains a multiplier linked to an adder  , both of which perform one operation per machine cycle .
The data at the time slot on highway 11 is put into the space switch .
The data BCH - processed in the decoder is composed in the CPU and sent to the LCD for display .
The data block of each voice decoder is generally 20ms and estimated signal quality value is sent out together with data .
The data demodulation process utilizes the information from all of the three receivers during diversity combination  , which results in the considerable improvement of fading resistance .
The data direct VCC is a two way point - to - point VCC that transmits the data traffics between the LECs .
The data for analysis of the subscriber differs from the subscriber data maintained in the PSTN because the subscriber can move through areas controlled by different AMS .
The Data Link Layer provides data link services for mutual transmission of data between adjacent node network entities .
The data of time slot 1  , time slot 2 , and time slot X are stored respectively on the first , second , and Xth words .
The data rate of each vocoder channel is determined for each call by software parameter .
The data rate of paging channel is 2400  , 4800 or 9600kbps .
The data read out in this way is arranged on the outgoing highway as in the case of the read - out operation mentioned before .
The data scrambling is obtained by carrying out the modulo - 2 addition of the interleaver output symbol by the binary value of the long code PN chip ( 242 – 1 ) .
The data transmission procedure encapsulates the MAC frames to the AAL5 frames according to the LEC and receives the AAL5 frames by the LECs them to the MAC frames .
The data VCC  , which connects between the LECs or between the LEC and the BUS , is used to transmit the AAL5 data frames that have encapsulated the LAN MAC frames .
The data VCCs are classified into the data direct VCC  , send VCCd VCC .
The dB indication of G / T is obtained by subtracting the dB indication of T based on 1ºK as 0 dB from the gain ( G ) in dB .
The DCF ( Data Communication Function ) is an information transmission function used to exchange data between TMN function blocks .
The DCN ( Data Communication Network ) is the transfer network of TMN used to support DCF ( Data Communication Function ) .
The DD / D management system should be chosen carefully with full consideration given to the type of database system .
The decoded bit is processed by the voice coder or by the data user .
The decoded traffic data is then fed to the sub - burst demultiplexer .
The decoder reads the bit synchronization or frame synchronization and compares it with the private address written in the EEPROM .
The decoding is a process of quantizing these sample values into the discrete values of an amplitude field and then  , converting them into binary or multiple codes .
The decoding is a process of recovering encoded signals into quantized PAM signals .
The dedicated approach  , which was described in section 1.6.3 builds defecated fiber spans from each special CO to the home and foreign hubs .
The deference between them is that Get - Next - Request is a request for continuing object value .
The definition of the abstract managed object is called the Generic Definition of Management Information ( GDMI ) .
The degree of discrimination is called cross polarization discrimination ( XPD ) .
The degree of dispersion is inversely proportional to four times the wavelength ; accordingly  , the optical fiber experiences greatest loss with wavelength less than 1.0mm .
The degree of multiplexing n  , can be increased by increasing the values of the individual terms on the right - hand side of the equation shown on the slide .
The degree of spread and development phase of communication networks in one country depend on the country and differ from country to country .
The degree of such replacement and transfer will decide which plans more economical .
The degree of the main – beam spread is indicated by the angle between two points where the gain decreases by 3 dB  , as shown in the figure .
The degree of the space diversity can be increased by using more antennas and receiving processors .
The degree of this influence can be directly seen from the eye pattern shown in Fig . 2.25 .
The delay time be got by measuring the time difference between this PC - REF and the phase compensation signal be sent from Higher - rank Office is inserted . And a phase is compensated .
The delivery of information in each section  , such as sending of documents , is usually done manually .
The demand - forecast error distribution characteristics were reviewed in 1979 for the FD distribution system .
The demand - meeting factor of facilities can be expressed in forecasted demand increase and extra capacity for demand changes .
The demand - to - capacity ratio is the ratio of demand to the number of main wires at the feeder point in a fixed distribution area when shared use of wires in the area can no longer handle changes in demand .
The demodulating process of a QPSK modulated signal is considered to be two BPSK - demodulation processes performed independently ; two baseband signals [ I ( t ) and Q ( t ) ] are obtained as a result of a phase comparison of the received signal with two reference carriers that are difference in phase from each other by ( / 2 ) .
The demodulation by locally oscillated carrier can be carried out by the Costas loop circuit which is one of variations of the standard PLL .
The demultiplexing equipment ( channel banks ) at the switching offices is unnecessary  , and first stage switching equipment is eliminated .
The dependence of the refractive index on wavelength is well known for the light dispersion through a prism  , or for seven color rainbows after rain .
The design object in terms of freeze - out fraction is usually a fraction less than 0  , 5 % .
The destination exchange transmits  , along the line of the subscriber who is to receive the call , repeated direct current pulses at 16Hz , one second long and separated by two - second intervals ; simultaneously , the same exchange transmits repeated direct current signals , each one alternating between 400 Hz and 16 Hz for one second , separated by two - second intervals , to inform the caller that the number is being called .
The destination information is added to packets of data and sent to all terminals .
The detailed using method of each message type is described in Sections 3.1.6 and 3.1.7 .
The details of the FD cabinet are described in section 2.4.3 .
The detection of the phase difference involves a station comparing its own phase compensation signal with that of the reference station and matching the phase .
The development of communication technologies including optical fiber transmission  , digital , techniques , large - satellite system techniques , semiconductor circuit techniques and others has progressed remarkably , and communication networks have been upgraded in performance and expanded in scale .
The development of mobile communication is started by herz 's experimental discovery of electromagnetic wave and Marconi 's radio telegraph  , and at the early days of radio communication discovery . , it had been used to safely shipping service for sailing vessels .
The development of Telecommunications has started from the time of the invention of the telegraph system run in the digital mode .
The developmental progress of the digital telecommunications system at NTT has centered around effecting solutions to several fundamental problems .
The devices used in the circuit switched network include subscribers controlling devices  , high - speed data transmission devices , local concentrators , and a time division switching system .
The DH ( C ) architecture essentially uses the SH / DP architecture  , along with 1x2 PSs , to archive , the dual - homing protection if the home hub fails .
The DH ( D ) architecture is usually used in conjunction with Digital Cross - connect System ( DCS ) restoration techniques .
The diameter of the core is several to several tenfold the wavelength of conveys light .
The diameter of the core of this graded index optical fiber is 50mm and that of cladding is 125mm .
The difference between the bearer service and teleservice becomes much clearer when these services are considered from the users 'standpoint .
The difference between the number of pairs in the feeder cable and actual demand is called split loss  , and is expressed as follows :
The difference between the operating point and threshold level is called threshold margin .
The difference between the predicted signal and the input signal is quantized into one of n levels .
The difference between the predicted value and the actual speech signal is called the prediction residual .
The difference between the two is that sin2 ( θi – θ0 ) is 0 for 0 degree and 180 degrees respectively .
The difference in path length for direct and reflected rays changes with relation to the position and height of the receiving point and sending point .
The difference in time between the SOTMF and SORMF is Dn .
The difference in voltage between the upper and lower parts ( the vertical aperture condition at the opening ) is called the eyes aperture .
The difference is that  , the multiplexing structure of STS - 3 signal is the same as STM - 1 and that , it can accommodate up to DS4 Class signals ( or H4 Class Service ) with the information content of section overhead and payload capacity .
The difference of group speed according to material dispersion is proportial to the second differential of the refraction rate change times the waveform width of the light source .
The digital data receiver is controlled so as to demodulate the most powerful signal .
The digital hierarchy refers to the combination of digital transmission equipment run with several types of bit speeds .
The digital integrated network integrates the transmission system and switching system through the utilization of PCM technology .
The digital message is defined by ITU - T Rex . Q.701 as an information  , defined at layer 2 or 4 , pertaining to a call , management transaction , etc . , which is then transferred as an entity by the message transfer function .
The digital modulation  , when using 64 QAM ( Quardrature Amplitude Modulation ) can load up to 28 Mbps of more than once compressed digital video stream in 6MHz band .
The digital receiver carries out the correlation of these signals in PN sequence .
The digital relay method is characterized by the following ; first  , digital signals that have been distorted by attenuation and noise during the transmission are reproduced into signals without distortion as in the case of transmission signals for regeneration .
The digital signals coded by the CODEC are temporarily stored in memories consisting of semiconductor integrated circuits such as LSI 's for the purpose of multiplexing .
The digital signals from a subscriber terminal are sampled according to the clock speed received from the DCE and then sent to the subscriber lines .
The digital signals that have been concentrated and multiplexed as in above are switched by the time division switching system and then  , transmitted to the terminating subscribers .
The digital signals wave passed through source en coder are changed appropriate form and follows the specified modulation .
The digital source signal is split into two twin paths by a highly reliable hybrid ( H ) unit .
The digital switch of MSC provides the path so that the stream of signal information can be flowed from one or more of base stations to each selector .
The digital switching system are now replacing the existing analog switching systems as the major switching systems currently under operation .
The digital switching systems on the public telephone network do more than just accommodating digital telephones .
The digital system is expected to substitute for the conventional FM / FMDA system and will become the main current in the INTELSAT systems .
The digital transmission is generally regarded to be most economical for voice and data signal .
The digital transmission systems based on the 1.544 Mbit / s primary group and the 2.048 Mbit / s primary group are usually called the 1.5M system and the 2.M system respectively .
The digitalization of communication networks was the subject of great interest and research as digital transmission became used widely .
The dim - and - burst signaling system is regarded to be better than the blank - and – burst system since it does not experience voice deterioration .
The dim - and - burst system transmits signal data and primary traffic data at a transmission rate of 9600bps .
The direct burial of cable depends upon all of the following conditions :
The direct conversion receiver converts the received wave directly to the base band signal  , so there is no problem of an image frequency .
The direct sequence CDMA is characterized by the fact that it provides path diversity by using multipaths .
The disadvantages or frequency division multiple access area  , it needs a filter , duplexer that divides incoming and outgoing signal of terminal through antenna when realizing the cellular terminal .
The dispersion caused by this is called the structural dispersion and structural dispersion are collectively called the wavelength dispersion .
The dispersion characteristic of optical fiber that cause the deformation of these transmission signals is one of the most important characteristics of optical fiber .
The distance between an Earth station and a satellite is about 36  , 000km , about 700 times as far as that between relays in a terrestrial microwave system .
The distance between peaks of electrical fields of the radio wave is called the wavelength .
The distance between regerators and the types of optical transmitter and receiver are determined by the loss characteristics of optical fiber .
The distance between the equiphasal surfaces A and B is one wavelength  , the phase variation between the surfaces A and B 360 ° .
The distance between the satellite and a traffic station is different for each traffic station .
The distance between the satellite and an earth station is always changing due to the movement of the satellite from the nominal geostationary position .
The distance over which the wave propagates in one oscillation period is called the wavelength .
The distance to the base station changes depending on the location of a corresponding mobile unit in a cell and accordingly  , path loss changes based on this .
The Distributed data interworking scenario has the restriction that service feature requiring the monitoring of resources in other network cannot be supported .
The Distributed data interworking scenario has the restriction that service features requiring the monitoring of resources in other network cannot be supported .
The Distributed Functional Plane models a distributed view of an IN - structured network .
The distribution cable is  , therefore , the part of the cable which terminal boxes are attached .
The distribution form is intended to employ nonmultiple routing for flexible adaptability to digital transmission such as non - telephone services .
The distribution stage switching network is also called a time division switching network .
The Dn is provided by the reference station for each traffic station .
The documents also defined the protocol model for ATM and the size of ATM cell to be 32 120 bytes .
The down - link thermal noise is expressed in terms of the ratio of carrier power to noise power  , or C / N , defined at the demodulator input of the earth station receiver .
The DR and DB signals sent in turn pass along the respective direct lines and delay lines  , and are then switched by the flip - flop switch .
The drawback of analog TDM lies in the vulnerability of narrow analog pulses to noise  , distortion , crosstalk , and inter - symbol interference .
The drop - out unit ia a unit of equipment for connecting subscriber telephone sets .
The DSI / DNI section consists of some DSI and DNI modules .
The DSI gain must be determined by taking account of freeze - out proability so as to avoid degradation of speech quality .
The DSI module carries out control of channel connection so that satellite channels are assigned to active input terrestrial channels .
The DSI module controls connection between input terrestrial channels connected to the terrestrial communication network and satellite channels .
The dual - homing architecture itself has no restoration capability ; however  , it can be used with DCSs in the special CO to restore , more than 50 percent of demands , via foreign hub , if the home fails .
The duplication network of T . T . Lee has been proposed in order to solve the defects of the Turner system and it uses the broadcast banyan network .
The duplication network of Turner using the buffered banyan network is popular as the duplication network proposed .
The dynamic area of output decrease / decrease con be controlled up to 6 dB centering around the average output as well .
The earth station antenna is ideally required to radiate the power only in the direction to the satellite concerned .
The earth station transmit a signal at a carrier center frequency assigned to it exclusively .
The earth station transmit system consists of antenna  , feed assembly , transmitter , modulator , etc . , while the receive system consists of antenna , feed assembly , receive , demodulator , etc .
The earth stations A  , B , c and D transmit their signals only within time slots assigned to the respective earth stations .
The Eb / No value which is the ratio of energy per bit versus the spectrum density of noise power is the standard value for the performance comparison of the digital modulation and coding methods .
The echo canceller acts to minimize the mean square value of the residual echo ( E - e ) ; the listener 's voice  , however , may sometimes be mixed in the residual echo .
The echo suppressor detects a talker 's voice when the voice signal reaches its receive side and activates and echo suppressing switch located at its transmit side .
The economic and technical conditions of the routs must be also be examined .
The economical superiority between the two is decided by the correlation among the price of optical fiber  , that of multiplexing , and that of optical multiplexer and demultiplexer .
The economy and maintainability of underground distribution greatly depend on feeder - point locations .
The Education Group has been set up to improve ATMF activities and ATM technology . By holding seminars and meeting  , the principles of ATM technology are explained and its potential application fields are published .
The effect of error correction by ( 128  , 112 ) BCH code is sufficient that the CCIR recommendation can be met in every link of the INTELSAT TDMA system .
The effect of frequency interleave depends on the combination of sizes of interfering and interfered with carriers as well as the frequency difference between those carriers .
The effect of implementing VOX control is shown as a time chart in Figure 6.11 .
The effect of introducing WDM  , in one word , may be judged by comparing the lowered price of optical fiber with the value - added price from the added value of the optical multiplexer and demultiplexer .
The effect of sips on the PCM signal is an occasional click noise .
The effect of sips on the PCM signal isconsidered that only one sip in 25 produces an audible click .
The effective length of this antenna is 2 times of half wave length antenna in the same length .
The effective noise at the earth station is primarily rain noise  , and should be considered the major cause of signal attenuation .
The effects of noise and interfernce on the transmission lines can be avoided by providing regenerative repeaters .
The effects of site diversity can also be enhanced by waveform offset .
The efficiency with which control channels are used can be boosted by transmitting signals ( 1 ) and ( 4 ) through paging channels using a paging system  , and transmitting signals ( 2 ) and ( 3 ) through transmission control channels using a random access system .
The effort to standardize color television signal continued for a long time  , but general agreement was not obtained .
The efforts have resulted in the sublayering of layer 4 into an SCCP ( signaling connection control part ) and the user parts .
The elastic store memories to absorb these fluctuations and give the appropriate delay time for phase adjustment .
The electric and magnetic fields of a wave have their own directions of oscillation ; two waves with electric fields perpendicular to each other sometimes combine into one  , creating a wave of cross polarization .
The electrical - to - optical converter is realized with a light - emitting device such as a laser diodes  , or light - emitting diode , and the optical - to - electrical converter with a photo diode .
The electrical signal obtained at the camera output through scanning of the picture is called the picture signal .
The electromagnetic field of a radio wave travelling in a medium ( such as the atmosphere ) oscillates in a certain direction .
The electronic relay type switch is a switch having an electronic relay on each cross point of the crossbar switch .
The electronic switching system  , together with the previously mentioned basic circuits , generally has a operation and maintenance desk for repair services .
The electronic switching systems ( ESS ) has been developed to offer these types of services .
The encoding terminal device converts information signals such as voice  , video , and data into digital signals such as PCM .
The end - to - end controlled sip objective for international digital connection should be less than one sip per five hours .
The end - to - end error rate can be make arbitrarily small by inserting a sufficient number of regeneration nodes in the transmission link .
The end field pulses are identified at the receiver by their durations .
The end office repeater station normally has a radio line  , switching equipment , and if a radio transmitter or receiver fails or a line shutdown by fading , the radio line is switched to a spare line immediately , to avoid line failure .
The end point  , upon receiving the VP - AIS ( VC - AIS ) cell , declares the VP - AIS ( VC - AIS ) status and then , enters into the fault management state .
The end point  , upon receiving the VP - AIS ( VC - AIS ) cell , declares the VP - AIS ( VC - AIS ) status and then enters into the fault management state .
The end point between two ends or segment send a continuity inspection cell to the end point of the opposite side when no cells have been sent or no faults have been generated on the corresponding connection during ' t ' time ( Ts &lt; t &lt; 2Ts ) in order to notify that the connection has been carried out appropriately .
The end point between two ends or segment send a continuity inspection cell to the end point of the opposite side when no cells have been sent or no faults have been generated on the corresponding connection during ' t ' time ( Ts &lt; t &lt; 2Ts ) in order to notify that the connection has been carried out appropriately .
The ends and the center of the string shown in Fig . 1.8 are called the nodes of the standing wave .
The engineers must also consider ease of operation and maintenance  , as well as the installation 's harmony with the social environment on an overall basis to create facilities that are efficient and desirable from a long - term viewpoint .
The entire layout of synchronous multiplexing structure on the hierarchy signals is given .
The entities contained in adjacent planes of the INCM are related to each other .
The Eo / No value measured by the mobile unit  , base station information collected by the base station that is controlled by the MSC , the continuous measurement of pilot signal strength , proper sized margin , and duration time are some of factors that makes the stable handoff processing possible .
The equation given in the below is derived from the above equation .
The equation shown on the slide expresses the relationship between the sampling period T  , the degree of multiplexing n , the cycle time tc , the number of switch access times per time slot , A , and the number of parallet bits , p .
The equiphasal surfaces shown in Fig . 1.7 are the ones on which the electric - field strength becomes maximum .
The equipment connected to a LAN is called a terminal .
The equipment costs are also a dominant factor of the total fiber transport costs .
The equipment function are completely realized by devices installed on each shelf  , and low speed signals are not sent to intermediate hierarchies , but rather are skipmultiplexed , i . e … directly converted into high speed signals , making the equipment extremely economical .
The equipment has a complicated structure  , but various signal distortions can be eliminated , and therefore it is used frequently .
The equipment is constructed in a low - frame structure cabinet and thus installation time is reduced compared to a conventional equipment of high frame structure .
The equipment that converts the signals received from a controller into signals suitable for the transmission line  , and signal received from the transmission line to send to a controller is called a transceiver .
The equipment that performs  , these functions is called a controller .
The equipment used for transferring the control signals is the signaling equipment .
The equipment which has the function of module A is called the model FTM high - speed terminating repeater equipment .
The equipment which has the functions of module B is called the model XCM – 1 cross - connect equipment  , this equipment electronically cross - connects multiple 52Mb / signals with 24 channel unit ( 1.5 M ) base .
The equipment which has the functions of module C is called the model TCM – 1 multiplexer .
The equipment which performs the adjustment and the sip control is designated as a frame aligner and will be provided with each transmission line . as another important role in the function of the termination of the transmission lines  , the supervision of them is provided .
The equipments own resources are replaced by a standardized structure to give it common image as seen by the communicating party .
The equivalent C / I is approximately shown by the expression in the slide .
The equivalent is tropically radiated power  , or e . i . r . p . , of the earth station can be expressed by equation ( 2 ) by using values of transmitter output power Pt , feed assembly loss Lft and transmit antenna gain Gt of the earth station .
The ESS employs a stored program control method for its operation .
The establishment of a telecommunication circuit between an origination network and a terminating network is performed by reference to each database .
The establishment of new synchronization hierarchy .
The estimate of quality is the signal - to - noise ratio at the interval of 20ms .
The European Institute for Research and Strategic Studies in telecommunications ( EURESCOM ) is also actively working on IN .
The European plesiochronous digital hierarchy consists of DS - 1E  , DS - 2E , DS - 3E .
The European Telecommunication Standards Institute ( ETSI )  , the standardization body in Europe , has been following the ITU – T activities on IN standardization from its initial phase .
The evolution of semiconductor engineering following the invention of transistor crucial played in PCM practicing .
The exact value of tolerance for the line frequency when the reference of synchronism is being changed .
The example does not imply the aspects of the BCSM that are visible to the IN service logic .
The example is for the top channel of the circuit .
The example of a group 2 self - group is shown in Fig.9.9 .
The example of calculating the distance of regenarators is shown in figure  , in the optical fiber of multi - mode , the graded index whose price is little different from that of the step index is used widely .
The example of the dual - homing approach depicted ' in Fig.1.66 guarantees surviving connectivity against hub and DCS failures  , but at a substantial cost increase compared to its single - homing counterparts .
The exchange at the receive side rearranges the packets transmitted through the network into original information and sends it to the destination terminal .
The exchange detects the closures of the direct current circuit and transmits dialing tones ( continuous sounds at 400Hz ) to let the subscriber know that dialing can begin .
The exchange receives the dialed signals and analyzes them to determine the connection route  , then connects the subscriber to the appropriate trunk circuit , unless the subscribers making and receiving the call share the same exchange , in which case the caller is not connected to a trunk circuit but a connection is completed within the one exchange .
The exchange system  , radio system ( equipment , antenna , radio propagation ) , terminal equipment ( handsets ) , and all techniques for reducing dimensions and weight must be harmonized and matched mutually .
The existing digital layer consists of DS - 1 - DS - 4 layer signals of the European / North American system  , which has been defined by the ITU Telecommunication Standardization Sector and Bell System of America .
The expanded MIB is used to realize each company 's original management functions in SNMP .
The expression shown in the slide is used to obtain the frequency of the chrominance sub - carrier fs .
The extra capacity for demand changes is so specified for in the FD distribution system as to ensure a demand - meeting factor of 90 % in handling demand changes during a period from the completion of expansion planning to the completion if the actual expansion  , ( two years on average ) .
The extra capacity for the demand changes is shown in figure 2.11 .
The eye aperture thus closes as shown in Fig.2.26 .
The eye diagram is used to indicate the characteristics of the waveform response of transmit code rows the eye of the diagram becomes narrow when interference or jitter is found on the codes .
The F interface is located on a part that connects WS to OSF or MF functions through DCN .
The F4 flow is both - way and the F4 OAM cell has the VPI value that is the same as the user cell on the corresponding virtual path .
The F5 flow is both - way as in the case of the F4 flow .
The facilities that acts as conductors  , including their supporting and protecting facilities , are called the outside plant .
The fact that simple 2 phase and 4 phase DS signal have [ ( sin x ) / x ] 2 spectrum can be explained as follows .
The fact that the subscriber has hung up is transmitted by radio .
The factors which determine the value of link noise are e . i . r . p and G / T of the earth station  , and the performance characteristics of satellite transponder , fm modulation index , etc .
The false decoding effect is lessened by transmitting the number of samples for the previous line and the line quantizing mode and assuring a correspondence between these parameters for the transmitter and the receiver .
The FAP system is introduced to enhance the reliability of metallic subscriber line networks instead of using two or more routes .
The FAP system transfers traffic from a metallic cable between FAPs to unused fibers in an optical transmission units  , emergency circuit selection units , and access cables .
The fault management is largely classified into an alarm monitoring function and diagnostic and fault isolation function .
The fault management is largely classified into an alarm monitoring function and fault isolation function .
The FD cabinet was put to practical use as a transfer - splicing box to functionally interface the feeder system with the distribution system in view of the following :
The FD distribution area system allocates extra capacity ( auxiliary wires ) as demand grow to make the demand - meeting factor of facilities 90 % in each fixed distribution area .
The FD distribution area system makes wire distribution non - branched by the link distribution system using auxiliary wires and link auxiliary wires for shared use of wires between the fixed distribution areas within a common distribution area .
The FD distribution system aims at flexibly meeting demand for non - telephone services by actively introducing local PEC cables .
The FD distribution system has the following features :
The FD distribution system theoretically can improve the usage factor of cable wires to 70 % of capacity or more .
The FD distribution system was introduced in place of the conventional feeder - cable distribution system to improve operation efficiency .
The FD distribution system was studied with the assumption that distribution cable connections were of a full - accessibility group .
The FDB should be set up so that total demand after 15 years in a block come to about 600 .
The features of the individual items will be studied in detail in the individual lessons .
The FEC code has a powerful error correction capability .
The feeder cable distribution system uses a G distribution with an error fluctuation coefficient of 0.7 as the distribution of demand - forecast errors .
The feeder cable distribution system was introduced on a large scale in 1971 and was partially modified in 1976 .
The feeder cable is the part of the cable  , from the exchange office to the point where the distribution cable originates .
The feeder cable network is designed based on demand in five years while the distribution cable network is based on demand in ten years .
The feeder network and the double star  , ring / star , linear / star are reviewed a great deal currently .
The feeder network and the double star  , ring / star , linear / star structures are reviewed a great deal currently .
The feeder system used with satellite communication systems is designed to keep loss as low as possible .
The feeder wires must be easily distinguishable and connected to the distribution cable .
The ferrule is a part of setting the core center op an optical fiber to the center of the connector .
The FH / DS system utilizes DS modulation signals whose central frequency periodically skips .
The field effect transistor is used in a small - capacity station when the output is small ; generally  , several units are connected in parallel in order to obtain a high output power .
The fig . 2.13 shows a block diagram of the color transmitter of the PAL system .
The Fig 1.19 compares quantizing noise arising in uniform quantizing and nonuniform quantizing .
The Fig 5.18 shows the loading factor as a function of the number of channels .
The figure 2.13 shows the frequency characteristics of attenuation due to the ionosphere and rainfall simultaneously .
The figure 2.15b shows the vector for the nth scanning line .
The figure 2.16 shows the vector obtained when the vector F alpha + beta and the vector F alpha - beta which is phase - inverted  , are added through one - line delay .
The figure 2.18 indicates how interference between satellite communication systems takes place .
The figure 2.18 shows the frequency spectra of the PAL system .
The figure 2.19 shows a block diagram of transmission in the SECAM system .
The figure 2.21 shows a schematic diagram of the color signal restoration circuit .
The figure 2.22 ( a ) shows the carrier chrominance signal sent by the line sequential system .
The figure 2.24 shows the frequency spectrum of the SECAM IIIb system .
The figure 2.8 shows the spectrum of the transmission signal of the NTSC system .
The figure 2.9 shows a picture reception block diagram of the NTSC color television system .
The figure 3.10 shows a configuration example of a demodulator used for synchronous detection of QPSK modulated waves .
The figure 3.9 shows the configuration of the QPSK modulator  , qpsk space arrangement diagram , and waveforms in various parts of the modulator ( example ) .
The figure 4.2 shows examples of international program transmission configurations including the satellite link of a sound program circuit .
The Figure 5 - 3 illustrates various VCCs configured between the LUNI interfaces  , taking an example of simple configuration composed of two LECs and an LESC .
The Figure 5 - 7 is the state transfer diagram for the API - connection .
The figure 5.2 shows a carrier configuration of a half transponder television circuit .
The figure 5.39 is one of the examples of the measured differential characteristics of the FM transmission path .
The figure 5.5 shows a block diagram of a transmitting system which uses the FM sub - carrier method for transmitting the sound program signal .
The figure below shows the relationship between the free - space loss and the frequency for propagation distances of about 36  , 000km .
The figures 1  , 2 , n , … and 3 indicated on the control store represent memory addresses in the time switch .
The filter characteristics satisfying Nyquist 's first theorem and the response waveform are shown in Fig.2.14 .
The filter characteristics satisfying Nyquist 's theorem described in 2.2.2 are feasible  , and there is no inter - symbol interference relation to the impulse with repeated frequency ( 2fo ) .
The FIM ( Feature Interaction Manager ) in SSF provides mechanisms to support multiple concurrent instances of the IN - logic and the non - IN - logic on a single call .
The final agreement through the conference in Seoul in February 1988 was the 9B structure .
The final decision must be made in consideration of the prevailing conditions of the area subject to design .
The final goal of ENR is to establish worldwide multimedia information communication infrastructure used to provide services to everyone .
The final step to be followed for the construction of an ISDN is a step in which individual dedicated networks such as telephone networks and data networks are integrated into an ultimate form of an ISDN .
The fire in Hinsdale s hub buildinc  , which occurred in 1987 , is a well - known example .
The first  , system installation is simple because it is not need subcarrier modulator , modulator and demodulator or band pass filter like that of FDM in each message channel .
The first 48 symbols are unmodulated and are used as the carrier recovery sequence .
The first 9 rows 9 columns accommodate SOHs for transportation of the network operation and administration information used when transmitting main signals  , and also pointers used to designate the payload frame position .
The first and last flags respectively indicate the beginning and end of one frame .
The first and third methods used the measurement results of traffic and congestion state at call level may have errors caused by change of short - term traffic status .
The first block of the CDC message is the Terminal Short Number which indicates the destination of the message .
The first characteristic of synchronization transmission can be found in the frame structure ; that is  , the frame structure is made up with 125ms units .
The first code symbol output after initialization shall be a code symbol encoded with generator function g0 .
The first concerned complications and the ensuring centralization of microwave transmission line networks .
The first feature of the new synchronous interface is that to conform with the conception of global standardization .
The first function is voice detection for recognizing the presence of voice signal on input terrestrial channels .
The first is to consider only cell loss priority or think cell loss priority and transmission delay priority as the same .
The first large _ scale computer network was the ARPA Network  , constructed by the United States Department of Defense in late 1960 .
The first modulation method was to add shifted message in proper proportion to non - modulated carrier wave  , where modulating signal S ( t ) is :
The first of the 21 bits identifies the code word as either and less code word  , with a 0 or a data code word , with a 1 .
The first one is subsample coding method  , and the second one is a a field repeating or sub sampling method .
The first places importance on transportability  , requiring no replacement of wiring in the room .
The first priority is given to the new assignment procedure  , the second priority to the reassignment procedure , the third priority to the disconnection procedure , and the fourth priority to the refreshment procedure .
The first problem is that existing subscriber line facilities are of metallic cable with electrical characteristics suited for analog telephones .
The first segment is passed through the origin and forms as Straight line on the positive and negative sides .
The first series of Recommendations called CS - 1 ( Capability Set 1 ) were finalized in 1992 in ITU - T as an output of the activities .
The first signal of the two  , DRn - 1 , and the latter signal , DBn , are sent to the FM demodulator simultaneously as shown in the figure 2.23 .
The first signal on the signaling sequence is interpreted as Group I signal .
The first six registration methods are autonomous registrations carried out by the corresponding mobile unit as events are generated ( that is  , the registration is carried out without the registration commands of base station ) .
The first steps is to detect fault from the physical layers in several NEs and ATM layer .
The first target of the IN standards is the roaming capability for the Personal Handy - phone System ( PHS )  , which is a digital cordless telephone standard .
The first TDMA frame with a new burst arrangement will arrive initially at each traffic station at a timing 12 multiframes after completion of the countdown .
The first telephone office was established in 1876 immediately after Alexander Graham Bell invented telephone .
The first term on the right side of equation ( 2.25 ) is a function that can have a value only in the region near wc  , and , similarly , the second term can have a value only in the region near – wc .
The first time slot of the frames is used for framed allocation and 17th time slot ( channel No.16 ) is used fro multi - frame allocation and signaling .
The first type is single - hop television transmission  , in which only two earth stations and one satellite are involved .
The first underground distribution in Japan was introduced in 1928 in Ashiya  , Hyogo prefecture , by combining the pair reduction system and duplicate distribution .
The first uses two control channels one for paging and broadcasting information to the mobile station  , and one to connect the call transmitted from the mobile station and report and register the location of the mobile station .
The fisrt is circuit routing function by controlling M20 type equipment .
The fixed distribution area is a common management unit to create proper expansion plans and effective use facilities by keeping distribution areas unchanged over a long period of time to observe demand growth in each area .
The fixed distribution areas suitable for demand estimation by computer are divided into three groups as shown in table 2.2 based on relative ranking in demand growth rates ( except development demand to be added up separately ) .
The flat management among the management flat of BISDN PRM means the overall management of the system .
The flexible circular waveguide facilities waveguide running for an antenna and feeding system .
The fluctuation of the burst position from the nominal position occurs mainly because of the following reasons .
The FM modulation method is used for music broadcasting  , the analog multiplextelephone signal transmission , television program relay and mobile communication .
The FM modulation method resists changes in the receive electrical fields  , such as fading .
The FM sound program equipment can be used for PAL  , ntsc or SECAM color television systems of either 525 / 60 or 625 / 50 type and also for the back and white television system .
The FM system is used since it provides what is called wideband gain by making full use of a wide - frequency band  , and can utilize the technology of terrestrial microwave communications ( FDM - FM ) .
The FM system is usually used to transmit analog TV signals through satellite relay circuits or satellite broadcast .
The FM technique is widely used in terrestrial microwave communication band high reliability is one of its outstanding advantages .
The FM transmission technique is used in the high capacity telephony transmission in the INTELSAT satellite communications system .
The following 2 methods are applicable to set up or release VPC between VPC and end points .
The following 4 methods are applicated  , to set up or release VCC in User Network Interface ( UNI ) .
The following are the activities that the Physical Layer performs for data – link entities in order to provide physical service .
The following are the electrical and mechanical requirements for the outside plant .
The following are various types of antenna - tracking system :
The following area will be suitable for TDMA system :
The following basic points must be considered when designing these functions .
The following briefly discusses the essential radio paging services are shown offered in Japan .
The following characterizes the session primitives and session protocols that the session entity exchanges with the presentation entity .
The following describe methods to calculate standard expansion sizes of subscriber line facilities .
The following describe the basic concept of underground subscriber lie design and concrete designing methods with due regard to current trends .
The following describes actual steps taken to plan underground distribution .
The following describes basic operation control under abnormal conditions .
The following describes method of additional cable installation in detail .
The following describes methods of determining the number of pair cables .
The following describes procedures for a survey of actual conditions based on the relative - demand classification method .
The following describes the calculation of carrier power  , thermal noise and interference noise .
The following describes the FD distribution system .
The following describes the procedure for such systematization .
The following describes the services that the session entity exchanges with the presentation entity to provide session service .
The following describes the services the Transport layer and the session layer exchange to provide transport service .
The following describes the start of services and collective installation associated with line design .
The following descriptions on the right explain these techniques titled on the left .
The following discusses the merits and drawbacks of using SNMP .
The following explains radio wave propagation for land mobile communication sequentially  , starting with a basic example .
The following figure shows an image of a TDMA frame :
The following figure shows images of color TV signals :
The following frequency bandwidths are processed by ISDN .
The following graph shows theoretical values of Eb / No vs  , the bit error rate for PSK waves .
The following graph shows theoretical values of Eb / No vs  , the bit error rate for PSK waves .
The following is a brief history of the evolution of the band narrowing of radio channel .
The following is a list of targeted services for CS - 2 .
The following is true in the case of step index multi - mode optical fiber ; when light penetrates into the core part of optical fiber within a certain angle  , light propagates through the core as it continues to be fully reflected .
The following list shows typical information conveyed by arbitrary message and notification .
The following lists the major functions in each layer for the OSI basic reference model .
The following methods have been proposed for effective frequency utilization :
The following of this section is to help to understand the mechanism of radio wave according to the radio communication frequency and other things related to radio wave .
The following points describe procedures for estimating demand in a distribution area and points for close attention .
The following proposals have been made in order to improve performance : the internal link speed is increased in order to solve the internal blocking of the banyan switch  , a buffer is placed on the switching element , and the flow control between ' k ' number of ports by back pressure is carried out , and the parallel connection or tandem connection is carried out in order to improve the path between input / output , and sorting elements , distribution elements , and randomized elements have been placed in the front side of banyan switch .
The following protection against channel error is adopted to avoided fatal information destruction .
The following relations will thus hold among them .
The following section describes the signal composition and battery of each .
The following section discussion dedicated control channels in more detail .
The following Service Channel messages are transmitted between reference and traffic stations .
The following shows the Hamming code ( n = 7  , k = 3 , t = 1 ) as an example of a block code .
The following subsections will therefore use connection processing for mobile telephones as an example in comparing the switching functions of the PSTN described in Section 8.1 with those of the mobile communication network .
The following systems will be applicable for the rural area :
The following table shows the results of a comparison and evaluation of the three television standard systems for NTSC  , pal and SECAM .
The following table shows the standard system for satellite link transmission adopted in the INTELSAT .
The following two areas should be considered when using OSI .
The following two conditions should be met to interface efficiently between the digital switching system and digital transmission equipment .
The following two methods are used for fast resource management : bandwidth - assigned method and buffer - assigned method .
The following type of communication are typically provided for MESSAVIA users .
The followings are typical standardized recommendations that have been published so far the ATM forum has published ATMF94 - 744 documents that describe the CMIP ( Common Management Information Protocol ) on the M4 interface and ANSI has published T1.PM - 199x documents : ETSI has published NA5 - 2210 documents whereas IETF has published RFC 1695 documents ; Finally  , bellcore has published TA - NWT - 1114 documents .
The format of an ISDN subscriber number is shown here .
The former is a random access form of control initiated by the base station . While the latter is paging control initiated by the base station .
The former is called other - route interference and the latter same - route interference .
The former is called the demand assign method and the latter the preassign method .
The former is called the Request type and the latter is called the Notification type .
The former is called the tight type  , and the latter the loose type .
The former is called the Trigger type and the latter is called the Event type .
The former is obtained by multiplying a multiple  , by the proposed number of cable and rounding off the product .
The former is that the user checks himself whether the interence is or not and then communicates .
The former is that user checks himself whether the interfernce is or not and then communicates .
The forward and backward traffic channels have similar structures made up of 20ms length frames .
The forward code division multiple mode channel consists of the code channels like pilot  , sync forward code division multiple access channel 1 signal ( Sync ) , paging channel ( 1 - 7 ) , forward traffic channel , and ect .
The forward VCC  , a one - way point - to - C which is established to each LEC by the BUSC is established , is used to transmit broadcast data distributed by the BUS .
The four bits of new data flag ( NDF ) indicates the state of the new data and SS bit is used to classify the type of corresponding TU or AU .
The fourth – order group provides 1440 channels at 97.728 Mbit / s multiplexing three third – order groups .
The fourth – order group provides 2016 channels at 139.264 Mbit / s multiplexing three third – order groups .
The fourth feature of the INTELSAT TDMA system is use of forward error correction ( FEC ) .
The fourth merit is that its interface is structured to accommodate not only current ISDN services  , but also future broadband ISDN services efficiently .
The fourth section of both reference and traffic bursts is a Service Channel consisting of 8 symbols .
The fourth step is to initiate the fault isolation and fault recovery procedure for the isolating and localizing the faults generated .
The FPLMTS aim to achieve the following primary general objectives ; :
The FPLMTS envisages the coverage of all sorts of public land mobile telecommunications including radio paging and mobile satellite communications  , and specifics various radio - link interfaces as shown in Figure 10.1 , i . e . R1 ( mobile ) , R2 ( mobile - communications satellite ) , and R4 ( radio paging ) , .
The frame bits are used to send signal information as well as to identify the location of each sample .
The frame contains an address field  , a control field , an information field , etc .
The frame length of the INTELSAT TDMA system is 2msec  , which corresponds to 16 PCM frames .
The frame proposed at that time is the form of 33B as figure  , and the bit rate was 50 Mbps .
The frame structure  , a bundle of 8 bits assigned for transmission of the PCM signal , signaling and so on is called a time sot .
The frame structure of the SDH interface  , as shown in Figure SDH interface frame representation method , is represented using a matrix of rows in byte untis .
The freeze - out fraction must be low enough to avoid spoiling the naturalness of speech .
The frequencies often used for satellite communications range from 1GHz ( wavelength of 30 cm ) to 10GHz ( wavelength of 3cm ) .
The frequency 25Hz which is equal to fh / 625 is added to remove cross color interference .
The frequency above 10 GHz have little interference because the antenna beam is narrow with the same antenna diameter compared with the C band .
The frequency allocation for fixed satellite communication services  , i . e . , satellite communication between fixed points , is given in the following figure ( allocation of frequencies ranging from 1 to 52GHz ) .
The frequency band is 800 - 900MHz  , it is sharing with that of lanf mobile communication .
The frequency bands shown in Fig.7.3.are mainly used for fixed radio communication .
The frequency component ( spectrum ) of the FM - modulation radio wave requires a wider frequency band than the frequency component of the input signal  , but the communication quality improves in used , higher quality demodulation signals can be obtained compared with AM ( modulation method ) even if the radio wave contains much noise .
The frequency component F ( jw ) of the pulse time waveform f ( t ) is given by the Fourier transforms of f ( t ) :
The frequency component of this isolated pulse can be obtained as a limit value the frequency component of the single isolated pulse shown in equation ( 2.9 )  , that is :
The frequency distribution of this type of monochrome television is shown in the figure 2.10 .
The frequency division method is know to have technical problems such as the generation of several type frequencies and the supplying and cutting of these and the variable filter .
The frequency in intra - channel utilize two frequency ( F1  , F1 ' ) alliteratively .
The frequency interleave is a technique of offsetting the center frequency form that of the other systems to reduce interference .
The frequency is effectively utilized by manipulating the radio channels which is one of the function of radio link control .
The frequency is the number of changes per second of magnetic field levels of radio wave .
The frequency of 500 kHz for Morse code  , and 2182 kHz and 156.800 MHz for voice are commonly allocated for emergency contact worldwide .
The frequency of accidents resulting in injury or death shows that aerial facilities are several times more dangerous than underground facilities in terms of safety during installation work .
The frequency of the chrominance sub - carrier is about 3  , 58 MHz and that of the audio carrier is 4 , 5 MHz .
The frequency offsets method is used to prevent this interference effect .
The frequency range in which the amounts of various types of attenuation caused are least is 1 to 10GHz as shown in the figure .
The frequency range used most frequently at present in satellite communications is the C band of 4GHz to 6GHz amid the radio window .
The frequency re - use technique is employed in the INTERSAT IV - A and V satellite systems to use the frequency spectrum efficiently .
The frequency reuse efficiency F can be defined as follows :
The frequency reuse efficiency of non - directional base stations is about 65 % which is the rate of total interference  , between the total interference from other mobile units in the same cell and the total interference from all the base stations .
The frequency spectrum  , S1 ( w ) , of the isolated rectangular pulse , S1 ( t ) where the time width is and the amplitude is 1 , can be given by the following equation as shown in 2.1.2 :
The frequency spectrum of an FM wave theoretically includes an infinite number of upper and lower sideband waves  , centered around the carrier frequency ( fc ) , thus generally resulting in a wide occupied bandwidth .
The frequency SPectrum of the PAM signal can be obtained by the convolutions of the analog signal and the sampling pulse train in the frequency domain .
The frequency used for electromagnetic wave as carrier in radio communication is especially called radio frequency ( RF )  , which ranges very widely from very low frequency ( VLF ) to millimeter wave .
The frequency utilization efficiency can be improved by reducing the voice cording speed to about 10 kbps without marring communication quality through the use of high - efficiency QPSK modulation .
The fully interconnected switch  , as illustrated in Figure 4 - 5 , is made up of ' N ' number of broadcast type input buses , n number of multi - cast output buses , and NxN number of crosspoints .
The function bits discriminate form of data ( e . g . Tone only  , Numeric , etc ) .
The function of copying cells and exchanging them should have a copying network in front of the switching system having the point - to - point switching function and the research on the execution of multiple point access : functions has been started .
The function of copying cells and exchanging them should have a copying network in front of the switching system having the point - to - point switching function and the research on the execution of multiple point access : functions has been started .
The function of generating new digital signals by discriminating 1 and 0 of signals through the use of reshaped and extracted timing signals is called regeneration function .
The function of management flat is divided into the flat management and layer management .
The function of radio transmission is to supply the quantity of bandwidth of a certain quantity .
The function of the TSM is to measure and monitor the relative burst power level  , burst carrier frequency , burst position , pseudo bit error rate and transponder input back - off for all the received reference and traffic bursts .
The function of transmission convergence sublayer includes the division of cell speed  , the generation and confirmation of header error control byte , the detection of cell boundary point .
The function unit to be used by both sides  , arrangement for initial transmission right , initial synchronization point order number and maximum transport service data length , unit are negotiated to establish the connection .
The functional entities have been allocated to physical entities for AIN  , which are the focus of interim AIN Releases .
The functional structure of No.7 signalling system is shown here .
The functional types of control channel in the air interfaces are shown in fig . 7.7  , including the traffic channel ( TCH ) for user information communications , other than those shown in the right column , all of these channel types conform to CCITT recommendations .
The functions explained separately for two switching systems above can be performed just by one switching system .
The functions necessary for transmission nodes in long distance transmission line networks and city wide transmission line networks can be separated into the multiplexing : function  , which edits signals .
The functions of configuration management include a provisioning function network element status control  , and installation support function .
The functions of DSI at the receive side are reception of assignment messages  , assignment of receive channels , and noise loading .
The functions of MD are further classified into functions that go from NE to OS and vice versa .
The functions of transmitting test signals  , receiving them and monitoring in the test circuits are necessary for the purpose of line up and maintaining the circuits .
The functions possessed by each subscriber circuit in the digital exchange are called the ( 2 ) - function by taking their English capital .
The functions provided include traffic monitoring for the segment  , tables of connecting addresses , statistical information , matrix display of packets by protocol , counting of the number of collisions , and establishment of thresholds , for numeric values .
The functions related to that are medium adapter ( I \ iiA )  , cell boundary searching , centralization , buffering , multiplexing and demultiplexing , and resource assignment , use variable control , aal function interface handling on the signal , and signal protocol handling , switching of internal connection .
The fusion splicing joints optical fibers by melting two ends to be jointed  , and is used in places where no frequent re - jointing is required such as in manholes .
The future technical evolution is flush with lots of possibility and unknown factors .
The FV - 4M - A system can be used at outdoor  , being shielded in the own box .
The FV - 4M - A system is the most economical system  , it can be used for a short haul circuit which satisfies 3 Km repeater spacing and 18 Km maximum circuit length conditions .
The FV - 4M - A system uses 0  , 85mðm wavelength and graded - index fiber .
The FV - 4M - P system consists of an analog - to - digital ( A / D ) converter and a high speed optical digital transmission system .
The FV - 4M - P system uses 0.85mðm and 1.3 mðm wavelengths  , and graded - index fiber single mode fiber .
The G - MGS acknowledges the Routing Number ( RN ) of V - AMS and the location information number ( LI ) where the mobile station is .
The G - MGS compares the LI with the MA of the PSTN and then checks to ensure that this distance and the charging class code are included in the service identification code .
The G interface is located between WS and the operator whereas the M interface is located between QAF and non - TMN management object .
The G.701 of ITU - T Recommendations defines pulse stuffing as justification ; .
The G.711 of ITU - T Recommendations specifies the relationship between voice signaling and PCM coding / decoding rules .
The gain is the strength of the radio wave in the target direction in comparison with the reference antenna .
The gain of an antenna for a communications satellite is about 15dB for a global antenna at 6GHz and approximately 30 to 40 dB for a spot beam at 14GHz .
The gain of the loop antenna can be increased by raising the radiation resistance or by lowering the antenna loss .
The gain of this type of antenna is closely related to the area of its parabolic surface .
The gate switches corresponding to highway 11 are G11 and the gate switches corresponding to highway 21 G21 and G22 .
The gateway node ( G )  , is the node located nearest the PSTN , it has an automatic pursuit routing function that refers to location information stored in a home mode ( H ) and routes a call to the visited node ( V ) .
The gauge threshold provides the same properties as a counter threshold .
The general call modeling objectives are as follows :
The general functional structure model of broadband ISDN is basically the same as that of narrow - band ISDN .
The general knowledge of wave motion including light as well ad the total reflection phenomenon of light explained in the preceding section is necessary to understand the principles of light propagation in optical fibers  , and of laser oscillation .
The general physical structure between TMN and communication networks under its supervision is shown in Figure 3 - 2 .
The general requirements of the ATM switching network are a high speed processing and large capacity  , high access quality , and easily controlled and simple switch control .
The general structure between TMN and communication networks under its supervision is shown in Figure 3 - 2 .
The general trend at present is to take the SCP - based configuration  , making use of powerful general - purpose computer systems , because this is applicable to a wide range of services .
The generated RF signal is amplified and finally transmitted to the satellite .
The generation functions of this code shall be go equals 557 ( octal )  , g1 equals 663 ( octal ) , and g2 equals 771 ( octal ) .
The generation of the jitter and wander on G.702 signal should not exceed the value defined in &lt; Table 1.15 &gt; by combining the values that are generated by hierarchy signal mapping and pointer control .
The generation system of PCM consists of 3 steps  , sampling , quantizing and coding .
The generation time of the multipath component which arrives earliest is used in the demodulation .
The Global Functional Paine models an IN - structured - network as a single entity .
The GLR is a database that stores roamer subscriber data and location data .
The gold sequence can be generated from two m sequence by using the mod – 2 adder in order to add each chip of m sequence 1 onto m sequence 2 .
The grade C service is a connection type variable bit rate ATM transfer service and it does not have the end - to - end timing requested items .
The grade X service is a connection type ATM transfer service whose AAL types traffic types ( balanced bit rate or variable bit rate ) and timing requested items are defined by the user ( that is  , it maintains the transparency ) .
The granularity for cell rate and cell emission time which is inverse number of cell rate are designated in ITU - T I.361 Recommendations .
The greater the interval of buffer  , the opportunity for adjusting output pointer is reduced .
The group constitution of Phase Compensation is shown in Fig.9.13 .
The group delay distortion is produced mainly due to the phase distortion in the FM transmission path such as IF amplifiers .
The H - AMS then rewrites the location information .
The half - power beam width decreases in inverse proportion to the frequency and antenna diameter  , as shown in the figure .
The handling of control information between each shelf is difficult  , a greater number of trunk line devices coming in through the gap among separated call circuits , the traffic processing capacity deteriorates considerably since the entire system is not completely integrated , and complex function .
The hardware solution of choice for implementing speech code algorithms is the digital signal processor ( DSP ) .
The HDSL ( High - Speed DSL ) method is used to provide 781 Kbps speed per twist pair cable from the telephone office to the subscribers in two way through the use of 2B1Q modulation .
The heart of a communications network using digital techniques is the digital exchange .
The HEMT ( High Electron Mobility Transistor )  , which has recently been put into practical use , utilizes the effect of a two - dimensional electron gas of high mobility , and is suitable for the low - noise amplification of high frequency signals .
The hierarchical structure of the LAN emulation is composed of five interfaces as suggested in the Figure 5 - 1 .
The hierarchy No.7 signalling system consists of four levels  , levels 1 to 4 , and the three lower – rank levels can be called in lump sum into the message transfer part ( MTP ) .
The high - speed data service  , of which traffic is much concentrated for time and of which burst sizes are much variable and hard to expect , will be going to be admitted by the ABR .
The high - speed data transmission device is a 1.544Kbps for connecting from the local concentrator to the time division switching system .
The high - speed signaling control device receives a multiplexed packet from the packet multiplexing device and exchanges the signals between packet switching systems .
The high altitude orbits of the satellites causes transmission delay of voices .
The high level capability is the function related to the terminal equipment ( TE ) and the lower level capability includes the narrow - band ISDN capability based on the broad - band capability  , 64bps and between inter - office signal capability .
The high speed closed loop power control is carried out to measure the level of power transmitted from each mobile unit to the receiver of base station and control the strength of all the receive signals in a cell to be uniform .
The higher ability to meet demand is desirable to prevent unsatisfied demand due to the lack of lines .
The higher the frequency in use n  , the more severe the requirement for frequency stability becomes .
The highest frequency of the analog s and sampling rate are designated fm and fs respectively .
The highest order ( N - 1 ) propagation mode corresponds to an angle of reflection close to the critical angle .
The highest peak at the center is called the main beam .
The highway from the multiplexer consists of eight physical lines on which signals of 8 bits on three channels are multiplexed and the final 5 bits then become empty .
The history of IN began with the introduction of the 800 toll - free service by AT &amp; T .
The home memory office then feeds the message billing index back to the telephone charge metering office in the PSTN .
The home node ( H ) is the database center that stores Mobile - Station ( MS ) location information  , subscriber information , and charge information .
The horizontal scanning frequency is 15.75 KHz therefore  , the time interval of a scanning line is 63.5 sec .
The human voice frequency normally ranges from 50 to 6000 Hz .
The hybrid fiber having a bus structure is used as the shortest transmission distance from a local node to each residency of subscriber .
The hypothetical digital radio path  , defined by the ITU - R , contains nine radio terminals connected through nine sets of higher - order digital multiplex equipment .
The hypothetical reference circuit is composed of a link consisting of an earth - space - earth path as shown in the Fig 5.23 .
The hypothetical reference circuits for telephony and television in the fixed satellite service are specified in the Recommendation 352 - 3 of the CCIR .
The I interface provides high - quality  , highly functional communication service via digital signals between terminals for telephone and non - telephone systems in a digital network .
The I.100 series recommendations set out the basic concept of ISDNs  , the I.200 series recommendations set out services supported by an ISDN , the I.300 series recommendations set out ISDN network functions and capabilities and the I.400 series recommendations set out user – network interfaces .
The IAB help and ad hoc conference concerning network management in February 1988  , and presented an index for established of a management standard for TCP / IP networks .
The IBS system also employs a continuous digital signal and is designed to facilitate communication even with a small antenna for business communication use .
The idea interval is used to measure the receiving level of adjacent base stations .
The ideal candidate is obtained by adding and subtracting these candidate signals in specific groups so as to home in on the target signal by successive refinement .
The IDR system uses and intermediate modulation speed between the TDMA / DSI and SCPC / SPADE systems .
The IF / RF section consists of an up converter and a down converter .
The IF band signal passes through the band pass SAW filter with the band of 1.25MHz .
The IF output signal  , filtered in this way , is conversed into a digital signal via an analog / digital converter and sent to four correlation receivers , one called search receiver and the other three called digital data receivers .
The IF signal then enters the PSK demodulator where coherent detection is performed for every burst .
The illustration shows that two waves proceeding in opposite directions are superposed on each other .
The image of SCE ia shown in Fig . 4 - 2 .
The implementation is possible when adding a new service without changing the subscriber network itself .
The implementation is possible when adding a new service without changing the subscriber network itself .
The implementation of these enhanced services requires the assurance of user 's Personal Mobility ( PM ) between terminals ( mobile units ) as distinct from mobile - units Terminal Mobility ( TM ) in the mobile telecommunications networks .
The importance of exchanging information and data in a time and efficient manner is becoming more important as society advances toward the 21 century .
The improved version of this model  , called the Strowger type switching became popular in the 1920s .
The IN - SM ( IN - Switching Manger ) in SSF interacts with the SCF in the course of providing IN service features to users .
The IN - SM interacts with the FIM as described below .
The inclined part of Roll ( w ) can be transformed in to the following to become squared cosine characteristics :
The include Points in Call ( PICs )  , Detection Points ( DPs ) , and transitions .
The INCM consists of four planes as shown in Fig 2 - 3 .
The INCM is a framework for the design and description of the IN architecture  , taking into account the evolution of IN with its various phases .
The incoming ( OC - N ) information playloads that are not received locally are passed through the SONET ADM and transmitted by the OC - N interface on the other side .
The incoming circuits are synchronized with outgoing circuits .
The incoming order of circuits is A  , B , C , D , E , F , at internal multiplex signed but the outgoing circuits order from TSI B , D , C , F , A , E .
The increased resolution requires more bits and consequently more bandwidth for transmission .
The independent control and common control are classified from the perspective of the lay - out of the control system .
The individual incoming and outgoing circuits of a digital switch correspond to the time allocations of digital signals on the highway .
The individual line CODEC changes each channel into PCM signals for digital multiplexing .
The individual line CODEC has become commercialized upon the successful development of digital signaling processing and semi - conductor technology such as LSI .
The individual propagation conditions generated by these factors are complexly intertwined  , so individual characteristics of electric field intensity cannot be estimated separately .
The infinitesimal loop antenna is often used for radio pagers .
The information attached to the object for management ( that is  , the managed objects ) under the OSI environment consists of many types and extends over a broad range .
The information bit ( 172 bits ) can be used to provide the transmission of the primary traffic and signal or of the secondary traffic .
The information flows map onto INAP ( IN Application Protocol ) in the Physical Plane .
The information flows need to be rich in parameters to manage what is essentially a peer - peer  , distributed processing relationship .
The information network system ( INS ) aims at charging systems by transferring information in digital form only  , and basing fees on the number of bits transferred .
The information on system set up are transferred through four overhead messages .
The information on the call switchover is transferred to the base station through the reverse signal traffic channel ( Refer to table 3 - 8 ) .
The information on the status of data transmitting signal links .
The information sent from one terminal is transmitted to the next terminal on the ring in arranged order  , but each terminal only accepts information addressed to itself .
The inherent advantages of digital systems for data communications will help to stimulate even more growth in nonvoice services as digital channels become accessible through ISDN .
The initial motivation of standardization on IN was to enable exchanges and service control systems from different vendors to interwork one another smoothly .
The initial NTT paging system utilized a tone - combination architecture using the 150MHz band  , to accommodate more customers , in 1979 , ntt introduced a digital signaling system with a 200b / s transmission rate and 12.5 kHz channel spacing using the 280 MHz band . Later , the speed increased to 400b / s .
The initial services provided with this IN platform are freephone and credit calling .
The initial stage of SONET was proposed for the purpose of midspan meet  , and the skeptical view concerning its feasibility was predominant .
The initialization procedure of the LAN emulation service is illustrated as Figure 5 - 4 .
The initialization sequence is the function with which one of the LECs obtains the ATM address of the random accessible LESV entity from the LESVs or concentrated around the ATM network and join or secede al Et is stipulated and formed according to that address .
The INMARSAT is a comparatively new international organization inaugurated in 1979 to effectively operate and manage maritime satellite communications all over the world .
The input / output device transmits and receives information for switch processing between the central processing devices and their result to and from the maintenance and repair desk .
The input back - off is a factor for giving the operating point of the satellite transponder .
The input level at this point is called threshold level .
The input of the remaining vertical axis can be switched to the output of the horizontal axis by activating properly the corresponding gates .
The input signal to a DSI module is PCM coded according to CCITT Recommendation G771 .
The input signal to the DSI / DNI section is a PCM voice signal or data .
The input television signal is sampled by a frequency twice the signal bandwidth  , and prediction for the value of the next sample is made based on the past history or the encoded signal .
The input time slot id recorded temporarily onto the buffer memory .
The installation is made in such a way that the two compensators at both ends can communicate with each other  , and the compensator in the user premises appears to the collocated terminal as if it were another terminal with which the terminal is communicating .
The installation of underground distribution must then be promoted according to the plan in urban areas first  , with consideration given to the facilities compatibility with urban functions , safety , reliability and responsiveness to new demand .
The instant communications network and dash communications network are available if we classify them in terms of switching processing ) .
The instant traffic processing for telephone and TVs  , dash traffic processing where machine - to - machine communications or management operation is not carried out , and non - instant traffic processing .
The INTELNET system transmits low - speed data using very small aperture terminals ( VSAT ) and can be classified into the INTELNET - I and INTELNET - II systems .
The INTELSAT ( International Telecommunication Satellite Organizations ) is an international organization inaugurated to provide the most efficient and economic facilities possible consistent with the best and most equitable use of the radio frequency spectrum and of orbital space . .
The INTELSAT divides the whole world into three areas and covers all these areas to provide its services to all corners of the world .
The INTELSAT is an international organization which provides satellite communications services on a world - wide scale on a commercial basis and at the same time  , is a global system open to all countries irrespective of differences in political system and economic development .
The INTELSAT TDMA system defines a group of transponders which are synchronized with one another for transponder hopping .
The INTELSAT V satellite system employs frequency re - use technique by means of dual polarization as well as beam isolation .
The intensity of light inputted into this circuit is weakened as it passes through an optical fiber cable and becomes distorted .
The inter - office signaling system architecture model is shown in Figure 8.6 :
The interchange of time allocation of the digital signals is called time slot interchange .
The interface ( 1 ) provides the function with which it exchanges the data frames between the LE entity and the higher layer ( the LLC or the bridging ) and the interface ( 2 ) provides the function with which it receives and sends the AAL5 frames between the LE entity and the AAL layer beneath it  , allocating a SAPc .
The interface ( 3 ) provides the function with which it can demand the setup and release of the virtual connection  , and the interface ( 4 ) provides the function with which the layer management entity can control the LE entity state respectively .
The interface speed is unified at a single rate of 156Mb / s .
The interface speed of the STM - 0 is  , due to the frame being composed in one frame time of 125 ms . 90 ( columns ) 9 ( rows ) 8 ( bits ) 1 / 25 = 51.84 Mb / s .
The interface speed of the STM - 1 is  , due to the frame being composed in one frame time of 125 ms . 270 ( columns ) 9 ( rows ) 8 ( bits ) 1 / 125 = 155.52 Mb / s .
The interface structure represents the channel structure of the maximum multiple channels across a physical interface at points S and T .
The interference between symbols can be minimized by doing so and the same result can be obtained when this filter is placed on demodulator input part .
The interference noise  , I , can then be found using the same calculation as in equation 4.4 , if the antenna side - lobe characteristics and such parameters as propagation distance are known for the interfering station .
The interference noise power is expressed by the sum of noise power of up – and down – links derived from respective S / N values which can be calculated as function of D / U  , or the ratio of desired and undesired signals , of up and down - links , respectively .
The interference noise will arise due to the imperfect polarization isolation between the left - hand circular polarization and right - hand circular polarization .
The interfering wave may or may not have the same frequency as the desired wave .
The intermediate frequency amplifier amplifiers the signal sent from the modulator ; the intermediate frequency is then converted to a microwave frequency in the frequency converter .
The intermediate frequency amplifier has a automatic gain control ( AGC ) circuit  , so that receive power changes do not affect the demodulated signal level , thus keeping the intermediate frequency amplifier output constant .
The intermediate stage of SONET frame has the structure of 26B and 49 Mbps adjusted with L = 2 based upon the formula  , as depicted in figure .
The intermodulation noise in a satellite is generated when its transponder amplifiers multiple carriers at the same time .
The intermodulation noise in the earth station HPA is the problem arising from the TWT when multiple carriers are amplified by it at the same time .
The intermodulation noise is caused by the intermodulation product  , or distortion falling in the transmission band when multiple carriers are amplified at the same time by a non - linear TWT amplifier .
The intermodulation products falling in the transmission band become noise .
The internal interface between the beater connection control and BCM  , between BCM and FIM and between FIM and IN - SM is implementation dependent and outside the scope of &gt; .
The international Radio Consultative Committee  , or CCIR , provides a standard concerning allowable noise power for the telephony and television transmission in the fixed satellite service .
The interval between transmission and reception frequencies is an important factor in the development of more compact antenna - sharing devices with less level loss and the transmission and reception device with superior performance ( higher transmission output and higher reception sensitivity ) .
The introduction of internally synchronous concept was also the outset of the synchronous communication network .
The introduction of this cabinet consolidated various maintenance and operation functions at the feeder point  , such as those for cable - wire sharing and others .
The invention of printing technology further accelerated the development of communications means and gave men the capability to communicate with more people and remotely located areas .
The ionosphere  , which is shows in the figure , is a level of the atmosphere in which the air is very thin and air molecules are ionized .
The ionosphere absorbs frequencies that are longer than the MF  , but reflects most frequencies in the HF band .
The ionosphere in this figure is a layer in which very thin air molecules are ionized  , and exists 50 to 400 km above the ground .
The ionosphere is a layer of thin air which is ionized by cosmic rays and exists 50 through 400km above the Earth 's surface .
The ionosphere reflects short waves  , so it is used for overseas communication and international radio broadcasting .
The IP address for the neighbor EGP can be reported as additional information .
The ISDN user part supports services based on 64kbps circuit – switched connections and supplementary services such as calling party number identification and call completion of busy subscriber .
The ISDN user parts ( ISUP ) is one of the level 4 of No.7 signalling system and is set out in consideration of support of a variety of ISDN services .
The issue of open networking has become very hot in these days in accordance with the deregulation processing all over the world .
The item of primary concern is OSI management  , which is under study at the ISO and ITU - TS .
The ITU - T ( Telecommunication Standardization Sector ) Study Group 11 is currently tackling the enhancement of IN function architecture since the study of IN has been mainly on its application to the fixed network .
The ITU – T Recommendations relevant to No.7 signalling system set out levels for hierarchical levels instead of the layers of the OSI .
The jitter characteristics according to various signaling hierarchies are recommended in the G.823 and G.824 of ITU - T Recommendations .
The jitter in STM - n interface should be accommodated by SDH physical interface .
The jitter transfer characteristics  , also , should satisfy the relevant regulation of the existing G.702 digital hierarchy .
The job of the space switch is to transfer the data at the time slot to the intended outgoing highway through gate switches .
The joints are classified as the C - FAP ( central - FAP ) installed in the central office and the R - FAP ( remote - FAP ) installed underground to connect underground cables .
The Ka band that is advantageous in radio interference is also used in Japan .
The keying speed is the speed of phase change of the carrier according to the modulating signal .
The kinds of notifications and the conditions when each notification is generaed in MESSAVIA are described bellow .
The kinds of terminals which can be used as destinations are same ass the accessible terminals .
The label enables the message to be route by layer 3 through the signaling network to its destination and directs the message to the desired user part or circuit .
The LAPD is designed so that multiple terminals can be connected to one user – network interface on a point – to – multipoint connection basis .
The large capacity and analog mobile communication system currently in operation in Japan uses method ( 5 )  , while the German car phone system uses method ( 4 ) .
The larger eye aperture is  , the larger is the allowable noise for the pulse signal .
The last function is the generation and transmission of assignment messages which indicate the state of connections between terrestrial channels and satellite channels .
The last SIB in Table 2 - 5  , BCP ( Basic Call Process ) , represents the basis call capabilities .
The late fading  , one at TDM but useful at FDM since in case of narrow band selective fading , one or several channels can be removed in FDM but all channels are distorted in TDM .
The later adjustment function is in accordance with the definition of the layer management object .
The latter includes bending loss  , micro - bending loss , splicing loss ( including reflection loss and radiation loss ) , and coupling loss encountered when optical fibers are coupled to light - emitting or light - receiving devices .
The latter is executed through mutual reception and transmission control channels which are established exclusively  , which the former is executed through channels allocated to each mobile station .
The laws or refraction and reflection can be applied to the boundary surfaces  , between air and the core , and the core and the clad .
The layer 1 specification defines characteristic providing the basic access of 2B + D to users .
The layer structure of CDMA system is a useful access method used to confirm the protocol and software structure .
The layer structure of the D – channel protocol is shown here .
The LEC established a configuration direct VCC ( the LECS connection stage ) s ( the initial stage )  , and obtaining LESV information necessary to participate from the LECS ( the configuration stage ) .
The LEC establishes a control direct VCC to the LES  , which is allocated the LEC - ID from the LEC and informs the LES of the maximum size of the frames and the form of the LAN connected to the LEC so the joining procedure will be terminated ( join stage ) .
The LECS translates the configuration information provided by the LEC during initialization and performs a function allocating and assigning each LECs to the specified ELANs .
The left side of the equation represents the particle property of light and the right side  , the wave property of light .
The length of one symbol is the inverse of the symbol rate and is approximately equal to 16.6nsec for the INTELSAT TDMA system .
The length of sync channel frame is the same as that of pilot PN sequence and the frame is time aligned with pilot PN sequence for transmission .
The length of the data sequence delay is equal ro K - 1  , where K is the constraint length of the code .
The length of time slot assigned to an earth station is predetermined in proportion to the traffic demand of the earth station .
The length of transmission lines in the network in short  , so transmission cost is a small part of network cost .
The LES  , a configuration component of the LESV , performs the control regulation for the ELAN and on request , translates the MAC address ( in case of an Ethernet or the 802.3 LAN ) or the source route descriptor ( in case of 802.5 Token Ring LAN ) and convert it to an ATM address .
The LESV can be an ATM system or an ATM switching system .
The LESV to the address translation request directly or transfer it to other LEC entrusting the processing .
The level difference between the blanking level and the reference black level is called the set up of the picture .
The level differences between the saturation point and the operating point input power and output power are called input back - off and out back - off  , respectively .
The level of intermodulation products is dependent on the back - off of the TWT when common amplification is made .
The levels of the quantizer are compounded so that small changes are reproduced more accurately than large ones .
The light - emitting and light - receiving devices are featured with the following advantages :
The light from an electric lamp is almost white light made up of light of different wavelengths such as red  , yellow , green and blue , etc … in color .
The light from an electronic lamp is therefore incoherent also in the time domain .
The light ray represents light propagation direction corresponding to the variation of electric field at every point in the core .
The light receiving elements such as APD or PIN - PD are used to convert these into original electrical signals .
The light source output of different wavelength of n number is modulated separately  , multiplexed at the optical multiplexer ( M ) , and transmitted through one optical fiber .
The light whose waves are in phase with one another in plane vertical to their propagation direction is called spatially coherent light .
The limits to use are due to ( 1 ) the degradation of transmission quality caused by bridged tapping  , ( 2 ) the limited number of circuits served because by manually twisted wire joints .
The line link monitors the repeated signals from each base station .
The line plant is one by which and public telephone instrument and PBX equipment are connected to the central office equipment .
The line protection switching scheme is a natural choice for all BSHRs because the BSHR demand routing uses the same principle as today 's point - to - point systems  , which use line protection switching scheme ( i . e . , APS ) to restore demands if a network component fails .
The line pulses synchronize the individual horizontal scanning lines .
The line synchronizing pulses are superimposed on the blanking pulses and occupy the amplitude range from Carrier to D .
The line terminating multiplexer has a system backup for the transmission line .
The linear encoding is a process of suppressing the amount of quantizing noise generated on information to be sent regardless of the input level .
The link directed from the transmitting earth station to the satellite is called the up link and the link directed from the satellite to the receiving earth station is called the down link .
The link noise is defined as the sum of total thermal noise  , intermodulation noise and interference noise within the satellite system , which are generated in the satellite link , i . e . up - link , satellite and down - link .
The loading factor 1 is determined by the number of telephone channels to be transmitted .
The loading factor is a coefficient to represent the rate of amplitude increase when the number of telephone channels increases for the multiplexed signal .
The local concentrator collects data signals multiplexed to 0 group of 64Kbps from various terminal and then multiplexer them to the primary group of 1.544Kbp .
The local concentrator multiplexes these signals together with signals sent from the other subscriber circuits and then transmit them to the switching system .
The local exchange for the person receiving the call detects that the circuit is now closed  , and transmits to the caller 's exchange signals indicating that the call has been answered .
The local oscillator frequency is to virtually the same frequency as the central frequency of the receive frequency  , and the central frequency of the output of the receive mixer is converted to an intermediate frequency of 0Hz , so this is called zero IF .
The local reference signal generator located in the correlator is the same as the transmit modulator except the following two points .
The location information is the home memory file ( HM ) of the H - AMS and is updated according to the rewrite signal form the V - ANS to the H - AMS based on the common channel signal ( CCS ) .
The location must be determined so that all lead - up pairs can be allocated and no change is needed in the future  , paying attention to economy based on demand tendencies , road conditions and the number of aerial routes .
The location of the visited node ( V ) changes with the roaming of the MS 's .
The location registration procedure  , originating call connection procedure , terminating call connection procedure , etc . are defined as a combination of each operation .
The lock phase does not shift to the release phase until it has locked all required resources .
The logarithmic normal distributions of the receive frequency bandwidth of a base station and the Rayleigh fading of transmit frequency bandwidth ( the same as in the case of conventional UHF cellular telephone system ) can be regarded the same .
The logic arithmetic processing circuit  , by evaluating partial address and input information at that time to determine the complete address of the command to be processed next .
The logic arithmetic processing circuit interprets the commands that have been read designates the memory address of the command to be read next .
The logical channel that connects the sending side and the receiving side is called a connection .
The logical node associated with the radio zone where a mobile station ( MS ) is actually located .
The logical ring knows the addresses of the terminals before and after an individual terminal transmits  , so it performs transmission in that order .
The long - term use of CPP cables exponentially increases the failure rate of cable - wires due to cracking and other insulation deterioration .
The long code has the chip period of 242 - 1 chips and satisfies the linear regression defined by the polynomial .
The long code mask creation process is the same as the generation process of voice privacy mask described in IS - 54 - B attached document A .
The loop back cell can be inserted into the certain connection point between VPC and VCC ends or segment .
The loop back cell can be inserted into the certain connection point between VPC and VCC ends or segment .
The loop between the MBS and the subscriber is out putted to the mobile unit is tested and if it is good the call command signal for the subscriber is out putted to the mobile unit .
The low - level concentration system is made up of a PMX and terminals .
The low data rate requires a number of repetitions so as to generate the modulation symbol rate of 19.2kbps .
The low level layer pointers  , such as TU - 11 PTR , TU - 2 PTR , and TU - 12 PTR are marked with V1 , V2 , and V3 .
The low loss range of optical fiber  , and the photo sensitive wavelength area of light receiving elements are shown in figure .
The lower frequency carrier makes channel 1 and the higher one channel 2 .
The lowering of the call completion rate is avoid by offsetting the frequency of each base station within the pager receive band such that the beat frequency is outside the pass band of the pager receive band of the pager 's low - pass filter .
The LSB is the bit which least affects the signal quality from among the 8bits .
The luminance at each scanned point is translated into an instantaneous signal voltage value .
The luminance signal  , chrominance signals , synchronizing signal and color burst signal are combined in the adder to be transmitted through the transmitted by vestigial side band transmission .
The luminance signals EY and the chrominance signals  , ei and EQ , are supplied to the matrix circuit and converted into the primary tri - colors , i . e . , red , green and blue .
The LUNI  , the interface ( 5 ) between the LE entities , which is the connection standard between the LEC and the LESV , defines such sequences as initialization , registration procedure address translation , and data transmission ( see Figure 5 - 2 ) .
The m : N APS architecture is also not considered part of the present Synchronous optical Network ( SONET ) standard .
The m : N APS architecture is an alternative to the 1 : N APS architecture  , when N working fiber systems share m protection fiber system ( MSN ) .
The m sequence can observe two m chips among p ( t ) and can be copied by jammer used to calculate the feedback connection of the linear feedback shift register using the Berlekame algorithm .
The m sequence has cyclical correlation function having two values  , using the following equation .
The M12 type multiplexing device changes DS1 ( 1.544 Mbps ) bipolar signals from four PCM terminal devices into unipolar signals and then  , de multiplexes them into DS2 ( 6.312 Mbps ) signals .
The M13  , which provides interfaces between an asynchronous DS3 and a number of DS 1 s , is an example of the TM , is a divide that multiplexes a variety of lowspeed signals to a high - speed signal , converts the resultant electrical signal to the optical signal , and TM may also provide interface to synchronization , testing , maintenance , and the OS .
The magnitude of each sample in the PAM signal is represented by the quantizing level closest to it .
The magnitude of each sample is identical with the amplitude of the original at each sampling time .
The magnitude of intermodulation at the LNA is not so large as that of HPA .
The magnitude of loss due to the Rayleigh scattering is inversely proportional to the fourth power of wavelength  , so that , as wavelength of propagating light becomes longer , this loss becomes smaller as shown in Fig . 1.22 .
The magnitudes of the samples are expressed as continuous values on the amplitude scale .
The main attraction of mutual synchronization is that the network remains operation even in the event of a clock failure in any one switching nod .
The main causes of an availability are equipment failure  , power supply failure , natural phenomina and so on .
The main causes of this are some including core - axis lateral misalignment as shown in Fig . 1.24  , and this lateral misalignment gives the greatest loss .
The main concerns of network management group are error management  , configuration management , intercarrier interface and carrier - to - private network interface .
The main disadvantages are the uncertainty of the exact average frequency and unknown transient behavior .
The main feature of the ISDN concept is the support of a wide range of voice and non – voice applications in the same networks .
The main feature of this codes lies in the construction of the stochastic residual signal from which VSELP gets its name .
The main feature of this system is the pitch synchronization of the stochastic signals  , which is also the origin of this technique 's name .
The main features of ATM are that information is cellularized in the format appropriate for real - time information transmission and the transfer mode can support all of the bandwidth services regardless of information speed .
The main function are to connect mobile subscribe to other mobile subscribers and to PSTN subscribers .
The main function is to control and manage allocated zone by incoming or outgoing signal sending  , channel assignment , channel monitoring , and seft diagnosis .
The main objectives of this advanced IN are flexible introduction of a wide variety of services  , provision of customized services and rapid service implementation .
The main parameters for this codec are shown in table 6 - 1 .
The main parameters for this codec are shown in table 6 - 2 .
The main parts  , such as softwave , processor , are commonly used to reduce the equipment cost .
The main reason is that there is little attenuation by rain in this band  , and it is used early for ground microwave relay lines , and equipment have been developed .
The main sources of down - link thermal noise are the external thermal noise received by the earth station antenna and the thermal noise of the earth station receiver .
The main stream of large – capacity transmission in Japan is expected to be optical fiber communication  , but microwave communication is still important to provide reliability .
The main study area is how to realize these services interconnecting the existing IN platform in different countries .
The main subjects handled by IOA include how to encapsulate various types of protocol packets to apply ATM to MAC layer and how large is the basic packet for transmitting IP packet to ATM network .
The main tasks of ENR are early development of commercially potential ATM system and the acceleration of ATM - based service introduction .
The main types of cables used for underground distribution are shown in table 2.17 .
The main usage of PDM is the generation and detection of PPM because PPM is in a better position than PDM in electric - power and signal to noise ratio of message transmission .
The maintained connection to such an international channel is released and the satellite channel is used for new assignment when a request for connection arises on another international channel .
The major advantages of satellite communications over terrestrial and submarine communications media such as cable system and microwave relay system are as follows :
The major allocations to the earth equipment noise are for the intermodulation in the high power amplifier  , or HPA , and the group delay distortion noise in the FM transmission path , each of which is allocated 500 pWOp .
The major control function provided include location registration  , call origination and termination , clearing , and cutout , but hand off is omitted .
The major difference between the conventional cellular system and PHS is that PHS conversation while cellular system and PHS is that PHS conversation while cellular systems enable quick movement ( e . g . driving ) .
The major factor contributing to antenna noise is the thermal noise that occurs at the antenna  , and it has a noise temperature of about 30 - 100ºK .
The major features of INTELSAT DSI are multidestination operation and use of overload satellite channels by means of bit stealing .
The major function of cell header is to identify the cells belonging to the same virtual channel among ATM cells which exists in the ATDM information flow .
The major function of the hybrid is 2 wire / 4 wire conversion function .
The major functions of the line concentration stage switching network in a digital exchange are traffic concentration and multiplexing .
The major objectives of this study of circuit design are to learn on what theoretical basis the satellite communications circuit is designed  , and to get ready for performing the basic calculations required for the satellite circuit design .
The major things we consider in the system selection of rural network are as follows :
The managed object performs the operations requested by the system management protocol for agent - side processing .
The managed object that is to be modified ( Set ) is identified in the name field in the variable list and the updated value is given in the value field .
The management framework is the standard that regulates the position of OSI management in the basic reference model .
The management information that is gathered through the exchange of PDUs  , is the MIB .
The management of car - phone connections displays features of both public and mobile communications systems .
The Manager retrieves / establishes the management information for the Agents  , and the Agents respond to enquiries for such information .
The manager system must adopt these continuously increasing extension MIBs ; otherwise  , it cannot provide multivender management .
The manual switching system called magnetic - type  , set up in New Haven of the U . S . A in 1878 was the first successfully commercialized switching system the world .
The manual switching system is further classified into a magnetic - type and common - battery system .
The manual switching systems carries out these processes manually whereas the automatic switching systems carries out the same by means of electrical devices .
The manufacturer or user code is inserted as the private interprise code in the tree ( Internet ( 1 ) - private ( 4 ) - enterprise ( 1 ) ) .
The mask pattern is decided by the data rate of the frame and by the 14 - bit block brought from the long code .
The mass and kinetic energy of a photon that travels in the straight line with a speed of c can be calculated with the following equation .
The max  , value qn of q of equation ( 1.10 ) is called a light receiving angle and sinqn is called numerical aperture .
The maximum arriving time difference between the mode elements of this optical pulse is called the max delay time .
The maximum number of cable conduits can accommodate must be decided for the conduit sections and building entrance sections of underground distribution full consideration of future demand for optical fiber cable .
The maximum number of messages is different for each pager type .
The maximum number of overload satellite channels is 16 per sub - burst .
The maximum value of the number of parallel bits  , p , is 8 bits since the signals are composed of 8 bits .
The MCU orders surrounding MBS to monitor the receiving level  , and those stations the report the monitoring results to the MCU .
The MD ( Mediation Device ) is the TMN process used to transfer information between NE and OS  , it uses the standard interface to provide MF .
The MD ( Mediation Device ) is the TMN process used to transfer information between NE and OS . It uses the standard interface to provide MF .
The MDF  , equipped with parts restricting over - voltage generated by lightening or other high - voltage sources , provides locations convenient for connecting the switching system to the external sources .
The mechanical strength of optical fibers is one of the important factors to be considered in bringing optical fibers communication systems into practical use .
The message encryption algorithm is the same as the CDMA algorithm described in IS - 54 - B attached document A .
The message encryption process similar to that of IS - 54 - B is used for the traffic channels of CDMA system .
The message is configured with message type fields which are composed the field of fixed number ( if exists ) and record of changeable number ( if exists ) .
The message transfer part ( MTP ) and the user part .
The message type designates the type of signal message .
The messages of access channels include call origination  , call answerings , commands , and registrations .
The meta signaling system and broadcast type signaling system are not supported in Release 1 .
The meta signaling system that enables the user to receive VPI / VCI values used by one - to - one correspondence or broadcasting type signaling channel in the ATM layer has been defined in Q.2120 .
The method for obtaining a power spectrum W ( w )  , from is generally considerably complex .
The method of applying input terrestrial channels to a single destination into one DSI module is called single destination DSI .
The method of arranging several radio base station in a service area is called zone configuration .
The method of efficiently identifying managed objects is beginning to become standardized .
The method of modulation is decided according to transmission method and kinds and characteristics of channels loaded on carrier and transmitted .
The method of Phases Project Planning ( PPP ) developed by NASA .
The method of reducing influence of fading by synthesis or switching using two or more receive inputs is called the diversity technology .
The method of time slot interchange control in which writing into memories is performed by sequential control and reading from memories is performed by random control is called sequential write / random read control .
The method to decide the necessity for underground conduit line construction is shown in the following :
The method to multiplex these VT to the STS - 1 payload envelope  , i . e . SPE ( Synchronous Payload Envelope ) is same as the method of multiplexing the related VC to VC - 3 via TUG - 2 .
The methods available for this purpose include a process of restricting the buffer in order to restrict the max number of transmit data packets .
The methods to splice feeder cable to distribution cable in the transfer - splicing box so roughly divided into permanent splicing and temporary splicing in terms of the functional nature of splicing .
The MF ( Mediation Function ) block supervised the translation  , filtering , and collection of information during the information transferring process between the OSF and NEF ( QAF ) .
The MGS then connects the call to the PSTN according to the dialed digits  , and the PSTN completes the voice path to the called party .
The microwave is normally a radio wave of 1 to 100 GHz  , and has characteristics similar to light .
The microwave trunk relay line system divides one frequency band into several frequency bands  , consists of several radio line each of which the specified frequency and several dozen MHz frequency bandwidth are assigned .
The middle wave and lower radio waves are absorbed in the ionosphere  , but most short waves are reflected .
The miniaturization  , the accumulation and the lowering of the power consumption of the circuit elements are the key to reducing the size of the radio unit .
The minimum number for FD cabinets is 10 pairs with consideration given to the cable structure ( 10 pair sub - unit structure ) and the minimum number of wires one connector can connect .
The minimum number of input terrestrial channels is one for one DSI module and the maximum is 240 .
The minimum number of satellite channels is one and the maximum 127 .
The minimum wavelength at which a fiber works as a single - mode fiber is called the cut - off wavelength .
The mission equipment include the antenna for receiving radio wave from earth station  , and communication relay ( transponder ) that converts and amplifies received weak radio wave and transmits it of the earth .
The mixed - type FH / DS transmitter  , as shown in Figure 2 - 11 carries out the DS modulation function by changing carrier frequency ( FH carrier is DS modulated ) unlike the simple DS modulator .
The mnemonic BORSCHT is made up of the English capital initials of all the functions possessed by the subscriber circuit .
The MNP - modem DSCC has only the error correcting function because the modem itself has the ARQ feature .
The mobile application part ( MAP ) is a new part  , recently defined as one of the application service element ( ASE ) on the TCAP , for the specific control functions necessary in mobile communications .
The mobile communication charging system should be coordinated with the rate system in the PSTN and should minimally affect the PSTN .
The mobile communication control office uses the called subscriber number to determine the home memory office and requests the appropriate location information by remote file access through the common channel signaling network .
The mobile communication network can be considered to consist solely of mobile equipment  , like the subscriber terminal , mobile radio base stations ( MBS ) that establish the radio channels , and mobile radio relay system control offices ( MCU ) that manage the moving subscribers to provide interconnection with the PSTN .
The mobile communications network enabling nationwide automatic roaming and automatic pursuit consists of four functional entities .
The mobile station must have some way of communication its location  , and is of registering that location at the base station when it has moved .
The mobile station must select and switch to a new control channel ( paging control ) every time the mobile station moves into another zone .
The mobile switching system can do this by using a multi - connection trunk and time - sharing switches .
The mobile telephone switch is interfaced to local exchange or primary center of the PSTN by 1.5 Mbsp or 2 Mbps signals .
The mobile telephone was first introduced in the U . S .  , the cradle of automobiles and telephone , as a city - wide system using a 150 MHz large - zone structure in 1946 .
The mobile unit  , by carrying out the registration process , transfers mobile unit identification numbers ( MIN ) , paging channel slots , and other characteristics to the base station .
The mobile unit acquiring the system can receive the sync channel through frame alignment easily .
The mobile unit always traces pilot signals  , with this feature , the transmit output level of pilot signal can be adjusted and then , the size of services coverage area can be controlled .
The mobile unit and base stations carry the encryption only on message layer 3 .
The mobile unit and MSC keep the lists of areas recently registered by the mobile unit .
The mobile unit by using these types of latitude and longitude information  , and the latitude and longitude of the last registered base station , calculates the distance .
The mobile unit can designate slots that can be used by the base station by going through the registration procedure .
The mobile unit can search out the entire PN code length without any previous information for the synchronization with the most adjacent base station .
The mobile unit may add 18 bits acknowledge signals onto access channel messages related to origination  , page answering , registration , and data burst .
The mobile unit provides at least 4 processing elements .
The mobile unit receives its own time slot among the TDM signals and sends burst signal to base station periodically .
The mobile unit synchronizes its clock to the system clock through the use of synchronization channel message and then  , searches out a paging channel .
The mobile unit that has received signals through the synchronization channel selects one of call channels and then  , receives information related other system and paging information .
The mobile unit uses these types of information to carry out the synchronization with the system and can know the level of transmit power that is appropriate for a given call .
The mobile unit uses this type of pilot carried signal to carry out the initial system synchronization  , find out accurate time from the base station and trace frequency and phase signals used .
The mobile unit using the slot mode can cut off power on time other than designated slots in order to reduce it .
The mode - field diameter is the diameter of a circular area on a fiber 's cross section at the fringe of which light intensity reaches 1 / e ( e is the base of natural logarithm 2.71828 ) the maximum ( reached usually at the core 's center ) is terms of lateral light intensity distribution in the fiber  , as shown in Fig . 1.20 .
The mode filter is a circular waveguide which contains an absorber to attenuate undesired higher modes  , especially the TM modes .
The mode filter which contains an absorber for attenuating the undesired higher order modes  , the TM modes in particular , inserted into the bottom end of the main feeder .
The mode of sub - burst arrangement is specified in the Burst Time Plan .
The model identifies the different physical entities ( PEs ) corresponding to actual physical equipments and protocols ' between them that may exist in the real IN - structured networks .
The model used is not of a cylindrical form as shown in Fig . 1.12 ( a ) but of a flat plate as shown in Fig .1.12 ( b ) for easy understanding .
The modern research on optical communications was initiated with the successful invention of laser in 1950 and Kao and Hockham 's proposal for the manufacturing follow loss optical fiber in 1966 .
The modern research on optical communications was initiated with the successful invention of laser in 1960 and Kao and Hockham 's proposal for the manufacturing of low loss optical fiber in 1966 .
The modification of existing asynchronous frame structure .
The modulated signal is amplified to the strength enough to propagate the radio wave to a far distance and emitted from the antenna .
The modulation circuit has an oscillator of carries ( ratio waves with constant amplitude and frequencies ) .
The modulation of reverse channel follows the 64 - ary orthogonal modulation at the bit rate of 9600  , 4800 , 2400 , or 1200 bps as shown at the point A in the Figure 3 - 12 .
The modulation of the pilot channel does not use the error correction prior to transmission .
The modulation of video into analog signals is carried out with the method used in the CATV system .
The modulation or signaling method of CATV technology that modulates video into digital signals on the copper axis lines for transmission have not been standardized .
The modulation or signaling method of CATV technology that modulates video into digital signals on the copper axis lines for transmission have not been standardized .
The modulation speed of the TDMA / DSI system is as high as 120Mbps and that of the SCPC and SPADE systems is as low as 56Kbps .
The modulation variables of sync channel  , paging channel , forward traffic channel is arranged in the table 3 - 5 , 3 - 6 , and in 3 - 7 respectively .
The modulation which are systems relatively widely used in satellite communications are the FM ( frequency modulation ) system in the category of analog modulation and the PSK ( phase shift keying ) system in the category of digital modulation .
The monochrome television signal in the 525 / 60 system transmits a picture with a frequency of 15.75 KHz and a field frequency of 60 Hz .
The more call is worn out under the high call loss compared with fixed channel allocation .
The more equipment at LAN is composed of  , the greater the number of MIBs .
The more the components are  , the higher and broader gain is .
The most appropriate demodulator of this encoder is soft decision Viterbi Algorithm .
The most appropriate refractive - index distribution profile providing minimal propagation time difference between various propagation mode is known to be almost parabolic  , for which various arrangements are made in the GI - type optical fiber .
The most basic configuration is Earth station – satellite – Earth station .
The most common measures to evaluate the degradation of a circuit are S / N ( Signal / Noise ) in an analog system and BER ( Bit Error Rate ) in a digital system .
The most commonly used electrical telecommunications system is a telephony communications system where men are information sources as well as users .
The most direct benefit of the regeneration process is the ability to localize the effects of Signal degradation .
The most economical poles must be used in cases other than through ( 4 ) .
The most fundamental band limitation can be represented as the characteristics of the ideal low - pass filter as shown in Fig . 2.1 .
The most important feature of radio communication is that a transmission path can be established only by installing equipment at two points .
The most important objective of B channel is to transmit digital information at high fidelity between a user terminal and the network .
The most intensive point of dispute was the judgment of superiority between 150 Mbps and 50 Mbps .
The most predominant features of BISDN service signals are that the distribution range of its bandwidth is very broad .
The most significant advantages of the stored program control method is its control flexibility .
The most widely used one is DS1 ( Digital Signal One ) .
The mot general PCM is binary PCM in m = 2 and quantizing level number is Q = 2v .
The move to common channel signaling removes most of the signaling costs associated with interoffice trunk but does not change the situation for individual subscriber lines  , which must carry signaling on the same facility as the message channel .
The MS is a message box  , it stores received message permanently , so that they can taken out any time they needed .
The MSC controller allocates call to the base stations and to the vocode equipment .
The MSC selects good quality signals every frame ( 20ms ) and then  , regards this as the data transmitted from the mobile unit .
The MSLR stores mobile - unit 's physical characteristic information ( analogue transmission or digital transmission  , presence of absence of privacy function , etc . ) mobile - unit 's class information ( general or public , portable or mobile , etc . ) , and mobile unit 's location register area indicator ( LI ) .
The multi - pulse technique provides a means of expressing the position and size of these pulses  , and thus makes it possible to represent the characteristics of the original speech signal .
The multi frequency code used for generating codes by the combination of frequency utilizes the combination of two frequencies out of six frequencies in the voice bandwidth .
The multiframe has various important roles in the operation of the INTELSAT TDMA system .
The multiframe markers are used to identify frame 0 and indicate the beginning of a multiframe .
The multipath signalscan be identified by the characteristics of the PN sequence .
The multiplex level of the digital intraoffice should be determined considering the adaptability not only to digital hierarchy but also to analogue hierarchy in number of channels .
The multiplex option 1 defines the frame format which is given in the proposed standard .
The multiplex section overhead used between line terminal is explained .
The multiplexed digital signal is converted into the form of bursts .
The multiplexing devices used in the ring architectures are ADMs that add and drop local channels and pass through transit channels .
The multiplexing in each phase is the plesiochronous multiplezing and it is synchronized by the positive justification that is a bit - stuffing type .
The multiplexing to STM - 0 / 1 uses standardized multiplex units called virtual containers ( VCs ) to multiplex signals of various speeds containing existing low - speed signals .
The multiplexing type switch are run based on carrier multiplexing transmission technology widely utilized in the transmission system .
The multiplier in to calculating the number of cables to be installed in such special section is 2. .
The name ( Identifier ) of the managed object to be fetched is stored in the name field in the variable list .
The name FD distribution system is used throughout this document  , since the new distribution system is partially improved over the conventional feeder distribution system and features the use of FD cabinets .
The name for a managed object is expressed as the sequence of node names ( identifiers ) from the root of the tree to that managed object 's node .
The name of Metrobus is originated in its application object that targeted the metropolitan area .
The names of the various parts of the signal are shown in fig . 6.1 .
The narrowband interactive service of BPON shares the broadband of PON in order to send service and the distribution type uses the WDM multiplexing method .
The native ATM service is a new service concept standardized by the SAA ( Service Aspects / Application ) of the ATMF .
The natural sampling is carried out ideally when the frequency spectrum after sampling matches the spectrum of original signals .
The near - axis radiation pattern indicates the gain characteristics around the main axis ( boresight ) .
The nearer a branch cable is to the office  , the higher the number of the cable - wire of the main - line cable spiced to the branch cable .
The nearer a branch cable is to the terminal  , the lower the number of the cable - wire of the main - line cable spliced to the branch cable .
The nearest mobile communication gateway switching office then receives the calling MA information form the switching office in the PSTN ( which must be provided with functions for out putting the calling MA information )  , requests the location of the called party from that party 's home memory office , and determines the appropriate message billing .
The necessary level of the ability to meet demand determines the size of the extra capacity for demand changes .
The necessity of AAL - 5 has raised because various procedures following protocol of AAL - 3 / 4 due to the considerable complicity of connected and non - connected type data communication  , so it has not been appropriate for high speed data communication .
The NEF ( Network Element Function ) block carries out the monitoring and control function .
The network  , upon receiving this packet , sends the input call packet that includes the logic channel used by the terminating subscriber to subscriber 1 .
The network architecture envisioned is shown in Fig . 3 - 10 .
The network controller decodes instructions from the central processing unit  , drives network switch circuits , etc … , and transfers the switching network sub - system status information to the central processing unit .
The network functions required include the four of the functions for originating network  , user ( UPTN ) home network , mobile home network , and terminating network where mobile units and users are roaming .
The network layer is positioned as the 3rd layer in the OSI basic reference model .
The network layer provides network services for the mutual transfer of data between transport entities  , which are in the layer above the network layer .
The network layer uses network protocols as procedures for communication between network entities to provide network services to the transport entities that are the network service users .
The network management of B - ISDN carries out standardizing jobs in each standardization organization in the perspective of TMN .
The network preparation jobs such as the provisioning function and service provisioning function are the procedures for maxing network resources into the service possible state .
The network resources provisioning is the procedure for making network resources to be used and the service provisioning is the procedure of selecting  , designating , and initializing resources used to provide services to the user .
The network resources to be used and the service provisioning is the procedure of selecting  , designating , and initializing resources used to provide services to the user .
The network sends the packet received to subscriber 1 as a call connection packet  , thus , setting up a logical communication path between subscriber 1 and 2 .
The network set up awith optical fibers improves greatly the access capability of a limited number of current subscriber .
The network set up with optical fibers improves greatly the access capability of a limited number of current subscribers .
The network shown on the left in the slide is a folded type network and the network shown on the right is a passing type network .
The network status control function monitors and controls NEs by carrying out the service status inspecting correction  , diagnostics test , and initialization of NEs .
The new assignment procedure is employed to assign a satellite channel to a newly active international channel to which no satellite channel is assigned at that moment .
The new signal is modulated on the 3.58 MHz color sub - carrier .
The new synchronous transmission equipment were developed for operation without the need for personnel to be in the equipment room .
The new system was call IMTS ( Improved Mobile Telephone Service )  , duplex system and mobile multi - channel access .
The new transmission method has succeeded in modularizing transmission equipment into each functional module  , and has standulathe new synchronous interface between modules at a rate of 52 Mb / s .
The new transmission system came on the scene with new concepts such as equipment modularization  , equipment remote control , and maintenance as summing automatic switching against failure .
The newly developed electronic switching system differed basically from the conventional ones in that while the later realized the switching control circuit using the wire logic whereas the former executed the logic operations by means of the software installed in the system .
The next lower - level switches  , in turn , synchronize to an incoming way of their outgoing transmission lines .
The next several paragraphs describe the functions of each of these layers from a system viewpoint .
The No.6 / No.7 signaling method recommended by ITU - T is the typical example that belongs to this method .
The node ( node A ) with the right to transmit adds the destination address to a frame and outputs the frame on the transmission line  , it also outputs the token .
The noise assignment concept is also important when determining the performance of individual equipment within the system .
The noise detection threshold increases with increasing luminance .
The noise detection threshold increases with increasing picture .
The noise due to atmospheric gases does not greatly influence radio propagation for satellite communications  , compared to the large attenuation due to noise caused by rainfall .
The noise due to rainfall increases with the intensity of rain .
The noise from sidelobes is generated because the receiving antenna picks up some amount of noise from the ground and atmosphere due to its sidelobes .
The noise generated in a receiver is usually expressed by the noise factor  , which is defined as follows :
The noise power appearing at the output of the earth station receiver includes the internal noise of the receiver and the external noise such as cosmic noise  , solar noise and the noise of soil picked up by the antenna main beam and sidelobes .
The noise power due to the group delay distortion has two components ; linear component and parabolic component of phase versus frequency characteristics .
The noise power in a channel with the center frequency of fi and bandwidth of Af can be expressed by equation ( 5.17 ) .
The noise power is evaluated by the temperature of T Kelvin instead of power of kTB watt .
The noise power N of a receive system evaluated at the receiver input is expressed by kTB  , where k is Boltzmann 's constant , t is the system noise temperature and B is the receiver bandwidth .
The noise power Nd at the demodulator output is proportional to the square of the difference between the frequency of noise and carrier frequency  , and is inversely proportional to the C / No , or the ratio of carrier power to noise power density at the input of the demodulator .
The noise power of 1  , 500 pWOp is allocated to the earth station equipment noise .
The noise power of 250 pWOp is allocated to the earth station receive system .
The noise power of 250 pWOp is allocated to the earth station transmit system .
The noise power of 500 pWOp is allocated to the group delay in the FM transmission path .
The noise power of N generated in the receiver with a bandwidth of B and an equivalent noise temperature of T is given by kTB watt .
The noise power of the former is proportional to the number of repeaters and that of the later is increased in proportion to the square root of the number of repeaters .
The noise sources in satellite communications can be classified as follows :
The noise temperature ( TSYS ) can then be used to calculate the noise power ( NSYS ) for the entire system as shown by equation ( 4.10 ) .
The noise temperature for a receiver is the sum of the noise temperature occurring in each section .
The noise temperature is the temperature of a resistor which produces a noise equivalent to that generated by the amplifier .
The noise temperature is used as a convenient unit to indicate such a small power .
The noise temperature of earth surface noise received by a communication satellite is almost the same as that of the earth surface .
The noise temperature of ground noise received by satellites is of the order of 250ºK through 300ºK .
The noise that is added to signal in transmission is classified into two as follows :
The noise that poses the biggest problem in a radio - relay system using a frequency higher than the micro - wave frequency band is the noise that is always emitted when momentary voltage changes at random .
The non - blocking as well as blocking switches must have a buffer function on the switch exterior in order to avoid output collision .
The non - circuit - related signal protocol is necessary when several advanced services and network operations are provided in the fixed network as well as in the mobile communications network .
The non - circuit - related signal protocol uses the signal connection control part ( SCCP ) and the transaction capabilities application part ( TCAP ) without modification .
The non - IN service logic corresponds to the service processing function embedded in the existing exchanges .
The non - linear distortion is produced in the FM modulator and demodulator depending on their input / output non - linear characteristics .
The non - linear encoding is used widely in a system whiner S / NQ of the receiving system is more important than the absolute amount of noise such as voice .
The non - linearity of the FM modulator and demodulator is measured in the form of differential characteristics .
The non - loaded carrier cable is cable designed for the F - 24  , F - 60 and X - 60 systems .
The non – switched connections described in this item designate lease line type connection .
The normal capacity in this case is assumed to be the same as the case where all the neighboring base stations are experiencing the same traffic .
The North American plesiochronous digital hierarchy is made up of DS - 1  , DS - 1C , DS - 2 .
The notion of analog modulation can be explained like following .
The NTSC color television system is based on the following principle .
The null traffic channel data is configured in the frame having sixteen 1s subsequently after eight zeroes at the rate of 1200bps .
The number applied for calculating the number of cable to be installed on ordinary road is 1. .
The number is memorized in the register when the originating subscriber dials .
The number of analog interface devices in the system is one of the most important factors for determining system parameters such as prices  , sizes , and power consumption levels .
The number of bits occupied by fields differs from that of UNI and NNI  , and the number and location of bits are shown in Table 1 - 2 and Fíg 1 - 4 ( b ) , ( c ) respectively .
The number of blocks  , for example 16 , is determined according to the capability of the hardware composing the digital switch .
The number of branch - cable pairs is reduced to 50  , 30 or 10 pairs according to the demand in the distribution area of the branch cable .
The number of bulletin board messages which can be stored in one bulletin board file is limited to 500 .
The number of cables to be installed is determined according to major use consideration such as Ordinary Road  , Special Road , Special Section .
The number of cells sent / received  , the number of cells that have been tagged or discared , the usage rate percent of traffic , busy hour duration time , and the number of cells discared due to busy hour , and the number of cells discarded due to internal system reasons are included in here .
The number of cells sent / received  , the number of cells that have been tagged or discared , the usage rate percent of traffic , busy hour duration time , and the number of cells discared due to busy hour , and the number of cells discared due to internal system reasons are included in here .
The number of channels can be increased or decreased by one channel for both terrestrial and satellite channels depending on the traffic demand and DSI gain .
The number of channels deployed in each radio zone is determined by the geographical spread of the communications traffic .
The number of control channels deployed and the number of transmission and reception equipment can be adjusted in each zone to suit the volume of traffic .
The number of duct is determined to handle the number of cable to be installed  , plus spare ducts .
The number of emitted electronics has a functional relationship with light intensity and frequency  , and accordingly , if frequency is smaller than a certain value , electrons are not emitted .
The number of gate switches corresponds to the number of crosspoints in the matrix of highways 11 and 12 and highways 21 and 22 .
The number of Lead - up Cable Pairs is Determined in accordance with the following :
The number of Lead - up Cable pairs is determined to satisfy Lead - up units after 10 years ( sum of Distribution units and Link Pair units to link lower F . D . B ) .
The number of light - propagation modes in optical fibers n limited because of the total reflection condition  , and these modes are named the zeroth , first , second , … and ( N - 1 ) Th . Order propagation in the order of angle of reflection staring with the smallest .
The number of line repeaters can be greatly reduced compared to conventional systems of metallic cables  , or sometimes two telephone offices can be connected without any line repeater .
The number of necessary 10 - pair - units is determined to meet project demand in each distribution area in 10 years .
The number of normal satellite channels in one DSI sub - burst is at least one and at most 127  , including both speech interpolated and preassigned non - interpolated satellite channels .
The number of pairs in a building - entrance cable must correspond to demand in ten years time .
The number of pairs in a lead - up cable must correspond to the number of pairs required in ten years in a fixed distribution area where no common distribution area is established .
The number of pairs in underground cable must correspond in general sections to the number of cable units totaled for each conductor diameter .
The number of pairs is determined by calculating the number of necessary 10 - pair - units obtained in the preceding paragraph .
The number of pairs must correspond to the number of cable units currently needed as a general rule when replacing an underground cable to eliminate some trouble in a section .
The number of paths that can be selected by the primary time switch is 24 in the case of a T - S - T type network and 2 in the case of an S - T - S type network .
The number of paths that can be selected in the T - S - T type network is larger than that in the S - T - S type network .
The number of such accidents per work hour demonstrates that aerial work is about two times more dangerous than underground work .
The number of such extra wires is determined based on the distribution of demand - forecast error described in the above item ( 2 ) .
The number of the extra wires is determined by the uncertainly of the forecast  , in other words , the quantitative distribution of the demand - forecast errors .
The number of the originating party is automatically searched .
The number of time slots that can be switched by the time switch  , that is , the degree of multiplexing on the highway , is limited .
The number of times of switch access  , A , is 2 in the case of ordinary access and nearly 1 in the case of parallel access .
The number of underground subscriber cable pairs for each section of the underground plant route should have sufficient pairs for the sum of units for 5 years later demands of each section of the underground plant route .
The number of unused wires is defined as the number of main wires that can be allocated to future demand at the feeder point in each fixed distribution area ( hereinafter referred to as capacity reserve ) .
The number of VPI / VCI bits are actually used for path assignment is determined by agreement between user and network .
The number of wire pairs is not reduced as shown in Figure 1.8  , if the length of a cable over which the number of pairs can be deduced is less than about 3 spans , or the pairs can be shared with other unit areas in future , even though the number of pairs for main lines determined in the preceding paragraph ( 2 ) , is less than 50 pairs .
The number protection messages is difference for each pager type .
The number units necessary is then calculated to determine the number of cables .
The numbering system for general subscribers should be standardized .
The numbers dialed determine which exchange the caller will be connected to  , the caller may be connected to the subscriber being called though several trunk circuit exchanged .
The numbers of subscribers that are frequently called are abbreviated to two or three special numbers .
The numbers that the subscriber dials are transmitted to the exchange along the subscriber 's line in the from of an intermittent direct current ( from phones with a rotating dial ) or tones within the voice band ( touch - tone phones ) .
The O - BCSM corresponds to the originating side BCM and the T - BCSM corresponds to the = side BCM .
The OAM flow can be further classified into a F1 flow  , the F2 flow of digital section layer , and the F3 flow of transmission path layer .
The OAM functions of the ATM layer available are an AIS / RDI alarm monitoring function  , continuity inspection function , and loopback function used for fault management , and a forward monitoring function , reverse reporting function , and monitoring / reporting function for performance monitoring , and a performance monitoring activation / deactivation function and a continuity inspection activation / deactivation function for function activation and deactivation .
The OAM functions of the ATM layer available are an AIS / RDI alarm monitoring function  , continuity inspection function , and loopback function used for fault management , and monitoring / reporting function for performance monitoring , and a performance monitoring activation / deactivation function activation and deactivation .
The object of this study is to examine the major feature of satellite communications which have made striking developments over the past 20 years and have become the communication medium for constructing an advanced information - oriented society .
The objective of layer 2  , that is , lapd is transfer message of layers above layer 3 without error by using the D channel .
The objective of network traffic management is to improve the usability of network resources when network overload and faults are generated in order to improve traffic performance .
The objective of this field trial is mainly to verify the utility of IN and to explore the services 'market potential .
The objective of this study is to acquire the basic knowledge required in order to understand actual digital exchanges .
The objective of this study is to again an understanding of the standard television system  , circuit configurations , transmission systems and transmission standards which are required in order to establish and maintain an international television circuit at the required level of circuit quality .
The objective range for a LAN is pretty small and the environment it is set in is uniformly stable  , so it has the following characteristics compared to a nationwide distributed public network .
The objectives of GDMI are the properties of the managed object and the management information .
The objectives of network management are to perform operations  , maintenance and control of the network a efficiently as possible , and to provide the data obtained from such performance for planning , design and construction in order to achieve th best possible network .
The objectives of network planning to install the right equipment in the right place at the right time for an appropriate cost  , in response to forecast demand , while offering a satisfactory quality of service .
The occupied bandwidth is 6 MHz  , of which 4 , 2 MHz is allocated to the video signal .
The of the performances or various input buffer type switches and then 4 - 3 .
The old system had single channel access with a fixed radio channel allocated for each call development .
The one composes a part called the core through which light propagates  , and the other the clad covering the core .
The one is bandwidth restriction  , the other noise restriction to put it concretely , enough broad bandwidth is needed to transmit much information in short time , especially for the system design to transmit information in real time .
The one on the left - hand side is system G used in the Federal Republic of Germany and others  , while that on the right - hand side is system I used in the United Kingdom and others .
The only operation that can be performed with a gauge is GET .
The only operation that can be performed with a nonsettable counter is the GET operation .
The OPCS may be external to the PSC of the 1 : N APS system yet connected tc it to obtain the required link performance status data  , such as BER or LOS .
The open / close type mechanical switch has been developed to improve the weak - nesses of the proceeding movement type mechanical switch by simplifying the mechanical operation to the open / close operation .
The open wire carrier system is suitable instrument cases where additional circuits are required along an existing open wire line .
The operation of an electronic mail system can be compared to the exchange of letters in a postal system .
The operation of the wired logic circuit is determined through the wiring set - up .
The operation of this remodulator can be explained easily by assuming that the loop has been locked already .
The operation principles of the network are illustrated in Fig.2.1 .
The operation room where the workstation is placed can be separated from the location where the transmission equipment us installed .
The operations that can be performed with a counter threshold are GET and SET .
The operations that can be performed with a gauge threshold are GET and SET .
The optic carrier modulation of the current optical transmission system is carried out with the intensity modulation because of the following reasons .
The optical / hybrid fiber and coax network can provide a video service whose quality is better than VHS .
The optical / hybrid fiber and coax network is structure that utilizes fully the existing telephone lines and at this time  , optical cables are terminated to a cabinet or distribution point .
The optical / hybrid fiber network can provide a video service whose quality is better than VHS .
The optical cables are used to sent AM - VSB signals up to local nodes where optical / electrical signal conversion takes place .
The optical digital communication system as shown in Table experiences the deterioration of transmission quality due to several factors .
The optical digital fiber cable transmission method uses optical fiber cable as transmission lines and light is used as signals transmitted .
The optical dual - homing architecture may apply to both 1 : 1 and 1 : N protection architectures .
The optical dual - homing architecture using a 1 : 1 / DP structure is denoted by DH ( C ) / 1 : 1 / DP .
The optical fiber cannot be used as a single - mode fiber when used at wavelengths shorter than 1.22nm .
The optical fiber video transmission system consists optical fiber cables  , subscriber sets , office equipment and cable terminating equipment .
The optical loss can be roughly classified into two categories .
The optical loss is a measure to indicate the power attenuation of light which propagates through optical fibers .
The optical multiplexer and demultiplexer method of current structure are three types as follows :
The optical signal which is transmitted through optical fiber is mixed with independent oscillating light source and heterodyne  , and is converted into the electric signal by the optical detector .
The optical subscriber network can be further classified into a feeder network and distribution network .
The optical subscriber network is expected to be evolved into FTTO ( Fiber To The office ) for supplying optical transmission routes to large buildings and FTTC ( Fiber To The Curb ) used in residency areas and finally  , into FTTH ( Fiber To The Home ) in which optical cables are installed to each residency step by step .
The optical transmission system can be set up by using the combination of TDM / FDM  , wdm and SDM .
The optical transmission system is made up of a light emitting elements ( light source )  , optical fibers ( transmission medium ) , and light receiving elements for receiving light via optical fibers .
The optimal demodulation is realized when the phase of locally oscillated carrier is the same as the phase and frequency of signals received .
The optimal refraction rate distribution at this time is shaped as parabola line whose core center is the highest .
The order of the switching operations is stored on the memory circuit in the form of program commands and then  , according to these instructions , the switching operations are carried out by activating basic circuits several times .
The organization expanded to 150 members in 1992 and  , at present , it has about 600 members throughout computer and communication fields .
The originating and destination points are the locations of the source user part function and location of the receiving user part function  , respectively .
The originating office detects the answer of the terminating subscriber and if necessary  , starts to initiate the calculation of the changed amount according to the call distance and duration time .
The OSF ( Operation System Function ) block processes management information used to monitor  , adjust , and control the communication network .
The OSI basic reference model is a model established to standardize network architectures internationally and to enable communication and processing between systems .
The OSI basic reference model looks at a computer network composed of different structural elements .
The OSI reference model determines the logical structure to internally generalize communication systems for communication between open systems  , and defines the concepts and language for doing so .
The OSI reference model provides a communication format for actual computer networks .
The OSI standard ensures communication between any types of systems so far as the protocol is obeyed and is the so – called standard language among computer system .
The other ADM works in the opposite way  , i . e . it sends to Hub B and receives from Hub A .
The other distinguished characteristic of BISDN service signal is that the coexistence of continuous signal such as voice or video and group signals such as terminal data .
The other is called the graded - index optical fiber ( GI - type for short ) in which the refractive index gradually changes .
The other is that from other satellite systems than the satellite system concerned .
The other is the multi - mode optical fiber which allows a plural number of propagation modes .
The other method is one in which the video and sound program signals are multiplexed and the resultant signal obtained is modulated with the video carrier .
The other method is to combine these two channels into one .
The other possibility is to make use of the signalling interface i . e SS 7 interface  , but this scheme again may have much implication from the security viewpoint .
The outer conductor is covered by a protective coating  , such as polyvinyl chloride .
The outline of a phase compensation action is shown in shown Fig.9.1.4 .
The outline of the survey work is shown in figure 2.4 .
The outlines of some representative application services are as followed .
The output control command transmitted from the base station increases or decreases the mobile unit transmit power in preset value ( usually 0.5 dB ) unit .
The output increase / decrease is carried out one time per voice code frame  , that is , once every 12 - 20ms on the average , which is slower than the speed of output increase / decrease in the reverse link .
The output is increased rather drastically when increasing the level of current .
The output jitter of the multiplexer should not exceed 0.01UI in the case of North American 6.312 Mbps or 44.736 signal .
The output of a TWT amplifier would not increase any more even if the input level is increased  , when the input level exceeds a certain level .
The output of modulator is power controlled by the signals from the digital controller and the analog receiver .
The output of the circuit enables the bi - stable multivibrator to electronically control the dual - throw / dual - pole switch which makes the separation between the Dr and Db signals .
The output of the delay is called the reference signal  , which is quantized , transmitted and added to the original reference signal both at the transmitter and at the receiver to obtain a representation of the next input frame .
The output of the matrix circuit is the luminance signal EY and the chrominance signals EU and EV .
The output of the maximum rate diversity combiner is transferred to the decoder  , which extracts the inserted one from the previously combined signal sequences , and the output is decoded by the forward error correcting decoder which uses the Viterbi algorithm .
The output signal of the second detector is a composite color signal including the chrominance signals .
The outside plant is exposed to the danger of lightning and of contacting power lines .
The outside plant should have sufficiently good electrical properties to transmit communication signals .
The overall noise power taking care of various noises as mentioned before as to satisfy the noise power objective of 10  , 000pwop in the hypothetical reference circuit .
The overhead can be separated into the section overhead ( SOH ) and the path overhead ( POH ) .
The overhead of synchronous hierarchy is set up as in Fig.3.34 for this purpose .
The overhead plant consist of cables  , wires , supports such as poles , guy wires , cable messenger wires and their attachments .
The overhead used on this path is called POH ; a head character is added here to indicate the type .
The overheads used in synchronous multiplexing are classified into section overhead ( SOH ) and path overhead ( POH ) based on the hierachy concepts previous described .
The P - 4M and the P - 12M systems employ 1.2 / 4.4 mm cable .
The packet data switching network generally has the following functions .
The packet data switching network utilizes only the good points of circuit switching and message switching .
The packet multiplexing device accommodates general and packet type terminals .
The packet multiplexing device is used to store temporarily communications messages received from the general terminals run in the synchronous mode and then  , convert them to the packet format .
The packet multiplexing devices are set up in the star configuration in the packet switching systems as follows :
The packet network switches these by the packet unit and then  , sends them to the receiving packet terminal .
The packet switched data network ( hereinafter referred to as the packet switched network ) set up a communications path as in the case of the general telephone network  , and then , exchanges information .
The packet switching network  , as shown in Fig.2.23 , consists of a high level switching system for connecting the switching systems and a high - level concentration system from the terminals to the switching systems .
The packet switching office consists of packet switching systems  , packet multiplexing devices , and tester for monitoring .
The packet switching system  , based on the address of terminating terminal included in a received packet , selects the bests path to a given destination and then , transmits it to the next switching system .
The packet switching system  , being a stored switching system stores data temporarily on its memory .
The packet switching system can be further classified into a central processing system and high - speed signaling control .
The packet switching system can provide supplementary services such as a message communications  , electronic mail , and closed services when packets are stored on the switching system .
The packet switching system offers supplementary services in order to satisfy the users 'requirements more efficiently .
The packet switching system uses high - speed communications lines to connect the switching systems accommodated in the network in order to multiplex several subscribers ' packets for higher economy and the transmission efficiency of transmission routes .
The packetswd network consists of terminals  , data circuit equipment , local switches , local concentrators , and regenerators .
The pager antenna must be small so as not to reduce the pager 's convenience of use  , so its length restricted to one over several tens the wavelength .
The pager awaits the incoming signal by building up once at 1  , 0625 second intervals .
The pager has a small built - in antenna so that it may be worn around the waist on a belt or in a pocket or purse .
The paging acknowledgment signal is relay by D - AMS2 to D - AMS1 .
The paging channel can be used on other frequency bandwidth allocated to CDMA .
The paging channel having the rate of 9600kbps can make about 180 conference paging calls per second .
The paging channel transfers information from the base station to the mobile unit .
The paging message has more than one mobile unit paging signals .
The PAM signal is a train of samples which are discrete on the time scale .
The PAM signal is subjected to the signal process called quatizing .
The PAM signal is then passed through a low - pass filter .
The parallel access technique was devised after finding that either the writing of data into or reading out of data from the memory in the time switch may be performed by sequential control .
The parking orbit is a circular orbit locate at an attitude of about 200 to 300km from the earth .
The part represented as internal bus in the figure corresponds to 146 Mbps internal standard signal .
The passing type network has two subnetworks  , a and B .
The path from the mobile unit to base station is quite different from the one used as a path between base station and the mobile unit described before .
The path length difference  , 1 , changes according to the position of the receiving point on the road .
The path length difference between direct and reflected rays  , o1 , is a coefficient , of distance d , and the electric field intensity . E , changes with d .
The path loss of UHF mobile telephone channel can be classified further into two different phenonmenons : the first phenomenon is average path loss that can be explained with the statistical method of logarithmic normal distribution having the standard deviation of about 8dB and whose average value is inversely proportional to four times the transmission distance ; the second phenomenon is fading caused by multipaths  , whose characteristics can be explained with a Rayleigh distribution .
The path overhead used in the path layer is mainly utilized between multiplexers .
The payload of a communications satellite consists of an antenna for communications and a transponder .
The PCM converter provides the functions of A / D conversion and multiplexing in respect of analog circuits .
The PCM is the method of transmitting the amplitude of PAM after quantizing it and then  , changing it to a binary digital code .
The PCM signal can be completely reproduced on the receive side as long as the decision as to whether each unit pulse is present or absent is correctly made .
The PCM signal sent from the transmit side is distorted due to noise and interference on the transmission lines .
The PCM switch is a multiplexing switch run based on time division multiplexing technology and pulse code modulation .
The PCM switch is expected to be used as one of the major elements of IDN or ISDN for processing several types of information including data simultaneously .
The PDU field contains the management information established by the object .
The peak factor is a safety factor to be multiplied to the test tone level to protect the circuit against the peaks which sometimes exceed the average level in the multiplexed signal .
The peak frequency deviation fp can be expressed by fr where fr is the frequency deviation by a test tone  , e is the loading factor and p is the peak factor .
The percentage of time during which each channel is active is rather low .
The performance characteristics of these types of amplifiers will be studied in detail also in our lesson on the Low - Noise Amplifier in Radio Frequency Subsystem . .
The performance data collection  , which is the first step of performance monitoring function , is carried out mainly from the nodes of network or transmission link .
The performance management can be further classified into a performance monitoring  , performance control , performance analysis and network traffic management function .
The performance management can be further classified into a performance monitoring  , performance control , performance analysis and network traffic management function .
The performance monitoring function between VPC and VCC end points or segment on the ATM layer is used to measure the performance related to the ATM cell transmission of the corresponding connection .
The performance monitoring function between VPC and VCC end points or segment on the ATM layer is used to measure the performance related to the ATM cell transmission of the corresponding connection .
The performance monitoring function can be started only by the TMN OS or end user .
The period of time occupied by one channel on the highway is called a time slot .
The periodic swinging ( oscillation ) is repeated as the phase changes with time .
The permanent memory circuit is a program store used mainly for memorizing programs and temporary memory circuit is used to memorize the call processing status and thus is called a call store .
The permanent splicing welds or crimps wires ensure highly reliable connection .
The permanent virtual call is a method that sets up a permanent logic communication path between two subscribers and accordingly  , there is no need to set up or clear a logic channel as in the case of virtual call .
The phase compensator also has a function for receiving and detecting a test call signal generated by the encoder .
The phase compensator detects the phase difference between a signal transmitted by a transmitted of the same station used as a reference and the signal transmitted from another transmitter and controls the signal delay so as to minimize that difference .
The phase compensator in each satellite base station receives the signal by two routers : a wire rout and a radio route .
The phase is a shift of the wave from the reference radio wave as shown in fig 2.6 and its difference is represented by the unit of angle .
The phase modulated wave can be obtained by changing the carrier phase in proportion to the baseband signal  , and can be represented by :
The phase noise is related with the frequency beam width .
The phase of a carrier changes according to the clock cycle ; the BPSK can send information of 1 bit  , QPSK 2bits , and 8PSK 3 bits within one clock cycle .
The Phase Separate Station is a Satellite Base Station without radio wave visibility between itself and the other base stations .
The phase status of these are illustrated in Figure 2 - 19 .
The phases of the frame of the frame structures in the transmission lines are always fluctuating because of the delay time various  , the destuffed jitters , temperature various .
The phenomenon in which repeated reflections make a standing wave gives an important concept to understand the modes of light propagation in optical fibers and the basic principle of laser oscillation .
The phenomenon in which the receive electric field changes with time due to same caucein the space where the radio wave propagation is called fading .
The phenomenon in which waves are superposed on one another is called the interference .
The phenomenon occurs very frequently in many types of city areas .
The physical configuration of UNI for connecting of multi - points in shown in &lt; Fig . 1.78 &gt; .
The physical connection between physical service users ( upper – ranked layers ) is activated ( Activation means making data transmission available ) .
The physical layer consists of transmission convergence sublayer and physical medium sublayer .
The Physical Layer is positioned as the lowest layer in the OSI basic reference model and operates through communication circuits consisting of physical media .
The physical layer performs the function of converting ATM cells into bit row and then  , transferring them .
The Physical Layer performs the physical activities that the data entities require for mutual data transmission between adjacent data – link entities in an open system .
The Physical Layer provides the mechanic electrical and functional procedure measures to activate maintain and deactivate the physical connection for transmission of bits between data – link entities .
The physical medium sublayer means the final transmission step via the optical fiber or coaxial cable .
The Physical Plane models the physical aspects of IN - structured network .
The physical structure elements that have been described previous must support mutually compatible interfaces even if they are products having other supplementary functions respectively .
The physical structure elements that have been described previously must support mutually compatible interfaces even if they are products having other supplementary functions respectively .
The picture brightness information ( luminance ) is contained between F and G  , where F corresponds to the left side of the viewing screen and G corresponds to the right side .
The picture signal is interrupted during retrace time and replaced by a black signal known as a blanking pulse .
The pilot channel is transmitted by the base station at any time when the Walsh function is WO .
The pilot PN sequence is repeated at every 26.66ms ( 2 15 / 1228800s ) .
The pilot PN sequence offset is used to classify each base station .
The pilot signal is sent out from each base station and this is used as the coherent carrier reference during the demodulation process of all the mobile unit receives .
The pilot signal strength is used to select the base station required  , while in idle or initializing state .
The pilot signals are not modulated and the Walsh function made up of 64 ' 0 's is used .
The planned number of cables can be obtained by adding the planned number of cables for each wire diameters .
The plesionchronous digital hierarchy  , an existing standard digital hierarchy , is classified into the European system and North American system as ( a ) ( b ) in figure .
The PN chip rate is 1.2288 MHz which corresponds to 128 times the information transmit rate of 9600kbps .
The PN codes are created by the linear shift registers and their cycle are 32  , 768 chips .
The PN series is very secretive and accordingly is changed frequently .
The point B and C of the figure 3 - 12 performs the function below .
The point where a digital transmission line is connected to a digital switch is usually called a switching node .
The pointer H1  , H2 , h3 and V1 , V2 , v3 have the same functions while they are differently marked respectively .
The pointer is used to indicate the changing relationship when VC is aligned respective to TU or AU signal and when VC indicates the starting address in a TU or AU frame and its starting point is changed .
The pointer technique is one of the most important characteristics of synchronous transmission methods .
The polarization characteristics indicate the degree of polarization discrimination when one frequency is used for two waves polarized perpendicular to each other ( or right and left hand polarized waves in the case of circular polarization ) at the same time .
The polarization coupler is used for separating two orthogonal polarized waves from each other and conducting them to respective rectangular waveguides or conversely  , it is used for combining the transmitter outputs from two rectangular waveguides into two orthogonal polarized waves and leading them into a circular waveguide .
The polarization is direction of the electric field oscillation .
The polarization rotates either clockwise or counter - clockwise with a frequency equal to that of the carrier .
The polishing is performed to reduce loss cause by incompleteness in the end .
The polygon which is made by the link of reuse cells center will be hexagon shape .
The portable telephone can be located in areas with bad radio propagation environment or can be directed improperly .
The portion bounded by the dotted line represents the sound program transmitting equipment .
The position of the traffic bursts destined for the station is predetermined by the Burst Time Plan .
The position to be assigned to a stuffing bit is fix within the output data  , and this position is called the stuffing bit time sot .
The power control process such as this removes the receive power changing factors such as the distance and terrain differences between the mobile unit and base station .
The power down registration method is carried out by the corresponding mobile unit when the power of mobile unit is power down .
The power flux density is a useful concept to express the saturation power of the satellite transponder which receives multiple carriers from several earth stations  , while expression in e . i . r . p . is useful for a single carrier calculation .
The power level of a pilot is an effective means of estimating the signal - to - noise ratio - only in a fixed noise environment .
The power of interference waves decreases as q increases and the gain of the Earth station antenna decreases .
The power of this signal is further amplified to the required level in the high - power amplifier  , whose output signal is radiated from the antenna to the satellite .
The power spectrum can be generally obtained as a Fourier transform of the auto - correlation function as shown in the following formula .
The power spectrum density of m sequence waveform p ( t ) is the Fourier conversion of p ( t ) and is calculated with equation ( 2 - 13 ) .
The power spectrum of unipolar random gate function as shown in Fig . 2.7 has a continuous spectrum component and a linear spectrum component .
The power to the satellite is supplied from the solar batteries .
The preamble and postamble are transmitted just the same as the coded speech signals by bit interleaving .
The preamble consists of the carrier and bit timing recovery sequence  , the unique word , the teletype orderwire channels , the Service Channel , and the voice orderwire channels .
The preamble consists of the frame which has 192 zeroes at the rate of 9600 bps .
The preamble has a format identical with that of the first five sections of the reference burst .
The preassignment access is the same type of multiple access as used in the normal preassignment TDMA system .
The preceding paragraphs outline the connection control differences between fixed and car phone systems .
The preceding paragraphs summarize the connection control used for public communications in general .
The predictive coding VLSI circuit performs the functions of redundancy reduction through predictive coding  , variable length coding and averaging the transmission rate .
The predictive filter and vector quantization calculations involved in low - bit - rate speech coding require the computation of huge numbers of integral calculations ( a multiplication and an add - to - total operation ) .
The presence of the WDM devices introduces additional losses in the system  , about 2.5 to 3 dB loss per span including loss due to connectors ( splices ) ; it also requires the use of lasers at different wavelengths .
The present status of underground distribution in various countries is shown in table 2.14 .
The presentation connection provided by the Presentation Layer is used for communication between Application Layers .
The Presentation Layer establishes the presentation connection between presentation service users ( upper layers ) .
The Presentation Layer is the 6th layer in the OSI basic reference model .
The Presentation Layer primarily converts data from the application layer into a syntax that can be communicated in response to information from the other party 's Application Layer  , which must include the following .
The Presentation layer provides conversation control for the data transferred  , as is , by the session layer to the Application Layer .
The Presentation Layer provides presentation service to application entity to express the information contents using a common coding system and transfers it to enable information switching between application layers .
The Presentation Layer uses the session layer data transfer functions to transfer the transfer syntax after conversion and the protocol control information .
The Presentation performs normal or abnormal release of the presentation connection at the completion of communication or when trouble occurs .
The previous survey report and survey reports on similar areas .
The price of such device will drop in the future and consequently a further reduction of cost is expected .
The prices of these analog subscriber circuits constitute about 80 % or higher of the entire system manufacturing cost .
The primary and secondary reference stations transmit reference bursts  , respectively .
The primary multiplex or channel bank of the PCM terminal device is capable of multiplexing synchronously 24 lines ( North American Mode ) or 30 lines ( European Mode ) of voice signals .
The primary objective of telephone switching is to transfer voice and accordingly  , the criteria of transmission for meeting call quality must be determined by considering transmission loss , transmission frequency bandwidth , and noise .
The primary radiator employs a circular of square type waveguide to feed two orthogonal polarized waves .
The primary reason that the conventional 1 : 1IDP architecture is relatively ex0ensive is that it requires not only duplicate fiber facilities  , but also terminating electronics equipment .
The primary reference burst is transmitted from the same reference station by using the same clock for all transponders .
The primary tri - color signal is converted into the luminance signal EY and the chrominance signals DR and DB by a matrix circuit .
The primitive means of optical communications was the capability of men recognize the movements  , shapes , and colors of objects through their eyes .
The primitive means of optical communications was the capability of men to recognize the movements  , shapes , and colors of objects through their eyes .
The principal causes of radio channel deterioration are thermal noise within the receiver and interference caused by the simultaneous use of an identical frequency in a number of zones .
The principle of such optical fiber communication is called the coherent light transmission  , and is regarded as extremely - large - capacity transmission technology of the future on which research is under way .
The principle of the satellite communication is shown in fig.9.1 .
The principle used for the time division switch is to extract information pulse having designated phase by using variable phase pulse matrix whereas the principle used for the frequency division method is to extract the signals of required frequency elements by using the variable filter .
The principles explained up to this point apply for the plane waveguides .
The principles involved are illustrated in Fig.2.2 .
The principles of PON that have been applied to the broadband network are called the BPON ( Broadband on PON ) .
The private ID number is used so that other users cannot accidentally change the service area .
The probability  , Pem , of pulse signal voltage A ( the state of 1 ) being misjudged as 0 ( the state of 0 ) due to the influence is equal to the probability of noise voltage , becoming lower the – A / 2 .
The probability density function p ( x ) shows a Gaussian distribution ( normal distribution ) as :
The probability distribution function  , p ( x &lt; V ) , that gives the probability of noise voltage x becoming lower than level V can obtained by integrating p ( x ) from to V .
The probability that signals with delay time difference of 10 - 6 or longer are those coming form other directions is very great .
The problem is most active during pauses on one channel while an interfering channel is at maximum power .
The problem of beat interference mentioned in ( C ) above can be soluble by synchronizing the carrier waves and signals leaving different base station transmitters in each zone .
The problem with this system is that every time there is an inquiry for DD / Ds  , all sites are charged the load .
The procedure for Burst Time Plan change is carried out on a multiframe basis .
The procedure for setting up  , maintaining , and deleting the ATM , connection between the signaling procedure ATM user and network of the ITU - T Recommendations , has been defined in ITU - T Q.2031 .
The procedures are the same as for fixed network apart from the need to transmit signals by radio to the car phone subscribers .
The process above described is similar to that of the mobile unit receiver .
The process for satisfying these two requirements is called synchronization .
The process of fusion splicing is described in the following :
The process of picture information transmission can be divided into three stages : Photo - electro conversion  , signal transmission and electro - photo conversion .
The process of service creation can be roughly divided into three phases ' i . e . service editing  , service verification and service deployment .
The process of synchronizing the data streams requires very complicated logic circuity .
The processing gain dB value of FH / DS mixed system can be calculated by the sum of the processing gains of the two types of spread spectrum modulations .
The processing performed by a large computer can be classified by individual function  , such as communication control , file control , I / O control , as show in figure .
The product of the transmission gain in front of an antenna multiplied by the power supplied to the antenna by the transmitter is called EIRP  , a basic parameter which represents the capability of a transmitting station .
The progress made in digital technology is explained using the model in Figure 1. .
The progression of speech coding algorithms for fixed telephone networks has centered on the international standards laid down by the ITU - TS ( formerly the CCITT ) .
The prolonged penetration of ultraviolet rays and heat decreases the effect of antioxidants mixed into polyethylene insulation inside the cable at and around the junctions  , thus accelerating oxidation .
The propagating light repeating total reflection on the boundary surface needs its electric field confirmed in the core .
The propagation characteristics change according to wave length .
The propagation delay time is about 0.3 second in satellite communication .
The propagation distance in satellite communication is so long that it takes about 0.3 second to make a one - way transmission .
The propagation of radio wave by scattering effect of massing area of atmosphere in tropasphere is used for the frequency band above VHF .
The propagation time of each burst is always changing because of movement of the satellite from the geostationary position .
The propagation time varies at the rate of 40nsec per second at a maximum .
The proper contact is carried out through the activation of the corresponding logic gate during the time slot period and as a result  , information are sent from the input side to the output side .
The proportion of such groups is in principle 20 % for the first group ( a group of fixed distribution areas with low demand growth rate )  , 60 % for the second group and 20 % for the third group ( a group of fixed distribution areas with high demand growth rates ) .
The protected fiber system signals  , and those from WF - 1 that would be switched to the protection channel only during a fiber cable cut , are multiplexed by wavelength onto the same protection fiber , DPF - 1 .
The protection switching modules of the APS system are located within the same frame as the Optical Line Terminating Multiplexers ( OLTMs ) to minimize coaxial interconnection cable congestion .
The protocol of control plane and user plane is classified into high - level layer .
The protocol reference model ( PRM ) of BISDN is made up of management flat  , control flat , and user flat as shown in &lt; Fig.1.76 &gt; .
The protocols of control flat and user flat are classified into the high level layer  , atm application layer ( AAL ) , and ATM layer , physical layer .
The PS - A Base Station transmits the delay time to Satellite Base Station - E by line - F .
The PS splits an optical signal into both working and protection systems .
The PSK ( biphase ) modulation of RF carrier is the most efficient method for transmitting digital data through the given channel .
The PSK demodulation is largely classified into the following three processes as shown in Figure 2 - 25 .
The PSK demodulator performs carrier and bit timing recovery making use of this section for demodulation of other sections of the burst .
The PSK modulation system  , compared with other digital modulation systems , features a smaller bit error rate for the same C / N ( carrier - to - noise ratio ) .
The PTI of the F5 flow between the end points is 5 and 4 is used as the PTI of the segment F5 flow .
The public network recognizes from the dialed number that the call is to a radio pager and connects to the central base station .
The pulse insertion code  , by inserting periodically 1 bit of mark or space , the odd parity code , or the opposite code to the code several bit before , prevents the continuation of 0 or 1 .
The pulse received is subjected to detection and discrimination at the discrimination time for regenerating into a new pulse .
The pulse string enters the input of data sampler and demodulated data comes out from the output of sampling device .
The purpose of digitization is to fold : to offer various new high - quality services and to increase equipment capacity  , while reducing its size and cost .
The purpose of FTAM is absorb a difference in the file application procedure and structure and provide the measure  , which can use remote file almost like system own it .
The purpose of using block interleaving is to escape the burst error while conveying data under the multipath fading environment .
The Q interface provides the flexibility of TMN implementation and Qx is located between NEs when two MDs  , ne and MD , qa and MD , and if more than one NEs have MD functions , it is located between two NEs .
The Q interface provides the flexibility of TMN implementation and Qx is located between Nes when two MDs  , ne and MD , qa and MD , and if more than one NEs have MD functions , it is located between two NEs .
The Q.2931 specification defines basic characteristics ( call connection state  , message and information elements , timers , and procedures within the B - ISDN Release 1 signaling system range ) .
The QA ( Q Adaptor ) has the function for connecting NE or OS having a non - compatible interface to Qx or Q3 interface .
The QAF ( Q Adaptor Function ) block connects non - TMN objects to TMN .
The QAM wave has two merits : is can be formulated from fundamental AM signals  , and an arbitrary point on the signal - space diagram can be selected an signal point .
The QPSK signal generation process can be solved numerically through the use of model shown in Figure 2 - 22 .
The QPSK system using four phase states is employed to obtain higher frequency utilization efficiency than that of the BPSK .
The QPSK system with channel I and channel Q having the same power level is called a balanced QPSK .
The quadrature amplitude modulated wave can be obtained by simultaneously changing the two parameters of amplitude and phase  , which realizes the effective transmission of multilevel codes .
The quality of a radio link is estimated by its Carrier - to - Noise Ratio ( C / N ) and the amount of distortion in the received signal .
The quality of regeneration transmission lines are evaluated based on these .
The quality of services offered by NTT for construction of private networks is listed in Table The quality of services offered by NTT for construction of private networks is listed in Table 8.1 .
The quantized difference signal is also transmitted to a predicting feedback path for the prediction of a succeeding sample .
The quantized difference signal is coded into a binary signal  , which transmitted to the repeated digital transmission line .
The quantized PAM signal only approximates to the original analog signal .
The quantizing levels are calculated from these binary codes and the quantizing samples are reproduced according to these levels .
The quantizing noise of NQ = Q - S  , exists between the original waveform ( S ) and the quantized waveform ( Q ) ; if the step is small , quantized noise is decreased and the number of steps necessary for quantizing the entire noise range of input signal becomes larger .
The quantizing PAM signal on the transmit side is reconstructed by this decoding on the receive side .
The quasi - associated mode refers to signaling links that use a route other than the route of normal message traffic .
The quatized value and the magnitude tow adjacent quatized values are called the quatizing level and the quatizing interval respectively .
The radiated power from the earth station spreads into space  , and the received signal at the satellite becomes weak because of the long distance from the earth to the satellite .
The radiation loss caused by bending is the loss suffered when optical fibers are bent .
The radiation resistance can be increased by either making the antenna as large as can fit inside the pager or increasing the number of loop turns .
The radio access uses CT - 2 ( Cordless Telephone 2 ) and DECT ( Digital European Cordless Telephone ) in order to support voice and intermediate class packet data service ( several hundreds of Kbps ) in a seclude area .
The radio access uses CT - 2 ( Cordless Telephone 2 ) and DECT ( Digital European Cordless Telephone ) in order to support voice and intermediate class packet data service ( several hundreds of Kbps ) in a seclude area .
The radio and TV invented during this time changed our world rather dramatically .
The radio end office repeater station receives signals from or send signals to toll switches via mutiplexing equipment .
The radio equipment basically consists of a transmitter  , a receiver , and an antenna as shown in fig 4.1 .
The Radio Paging System Network Structured is shown in Fig9.1 .
The radio paging system satisfies most of the basic requirements for portable communication services over a wide area  , including both indoors and outdoors , using a miniature potable receive that can fit in the pocket .
The radio Paging System Terminal is shown in Fig.9.6 .
The radio path between a base station and mobile unit on a cellular channel is made up of Rayleigh fading propagation elements rather than propagation elements propagating through a line - of - sight .
The radio route of MUF is the minimum distance that sky wave can reach and called skip distance .
The radio signals arriving at the satellite or earth stations are very weak  , since the geo - stationary satellite is located in the equatorial orbit of about 35 , 800km away from the earth .
The radio wave emitted from the antenna is attenuated in proportion to the square of distance when it is propagated in the space .
The radio wave laws define radio wave as electromagnetic waves with 3  , 000 , 000 MHz or less .
The radio wave received by the antenna is very weak and contains other radio wave or noise .
The radio wave spreads in other direction that the target direction or far away from the destination  , the receiving antenna may receive other radio waves than the radio wave from the sender .
The radio wave with the frequency for the purpose is used to utilize radio waves effectively .
The radio wave with the same frequency can be used repeatedly if its position and direction are changed .
The radio waves can be classified into vertical polarized waves ( V polarized waves ) in which the electric field changes vertically to the ground and horizontal polarized waves ( H polarized waves ) in which the electric field changes horizontally to the ground as shown in fig 2.9 .
The radio waves emitted from the antenna of the base station are received by the internal antenna and receiver of the pager  , demodulated by the demodulator and converted into a digital signal that can be manipulated by the signal processor .
The radio waves propagate farther than the line of sight distance and curve slightly .
The radio waves with low frequencies  , such as long waves , are used for communication with submarines because they can be propagated in water .
The radius of the earth  , which is expanded to allow us to assume that radio wave path is a straight line , ionosphere called the effective radius of the earth ( R ) .
The rainfall and high width may affect the down - link quality significantly .
The rake receiver used trace each signal received through multipaths can combine efficiently signals having a delay time of about 1 micro second or longer .
The Raleigh scattering is a phenomenon in which light scatters in various directions when it hits particles not so large in size compared to its wavelength .
The random access system is also called the ALOHA system .
The range of applying the FAP system is shown in figure 2.29 .
The range of common use of network resources is extended .
The range of wavelength currently used widely is about1.26mm - 1.3mm .
The ranges at which these frequencies can be used for emergency contact with Japan are approximately 300 km from the coast to 500 kHz and 2  , 182 kHz , and approximately 70 km from the coast for 156.8 MHz .
The rapid drive towards lower bit rates has finally resulted in a 3  , 45 - kbit / sec half - bit - rate version of the PDC algorithm .
The rate of overlapped code is a half of the compressed length of 9 registers .
The ratio is the gain ( G ) in front of the antenna to the overall noise temperature ( T ) is called G / T  , and indicates the quality of the Earth station sensitivity .
The ratio of carrier power to noise power density  , or C / No , is also used .
The ratio of carrier power to noise temperature  , or C / T , is also used to express the relative noise level .
The ratio of the actual radius of the earth ( a ) to the effective radius of the earth ( R ) is called the effective radius function of the earth ( k ) and is expressed as follows .
The ratio of the antenna gain ( G ) to the overall noise temperature of the receiving system ( Y ) is called G / T and represents the figure of merit the earth station .
The ratio of the average duration of competitive clipping to the average duration of voice spurt is called the freeze - out fraction .
The ratio of the mixed quadrature component wave to the desired one is called cross - polarization discrimination .
The ratio of the number of input terrestrial channels to the number of satellite channels is called the DSI gain .
The RB1 of this transponder defines the start of the TDMA frame .
The reader will note  , however , that there are many similarities in topology and message structure between CCIS / ITU - T No.6 and SS No. .
The reason for nine rows arranged every 125 is described below  , 25 bytes are necessary to hold a 1.544Mb / s signal , and 32 bytes are necessary to hold a 2.048 Mb / s signal .
The reason for this duplication is to achieve effective management by introducing non - governmental business management while assigning the planning  , construction , maintenance , etc . , of the space segment to the board of governers .
The reason why such types were selected can not be explained explicitly  , but the basic form of DS signal is a simple 2 - phase modulated type .
The reason why we use the mode - field parameter instead of the core diameter for a structural parameter of single mode optical fibers is described in the following :
The reasons  , however , for today 's extensive digital radio - relay system introduction can be attributed to three primary system features .
The receive side decodes every block  , corrects error , and outputs k bits for one block .
The receive side has a map indicating the correspondence between international channels at the transmit side and the output terrestrial channels of the receiving station .
The receive side performs a reverse - spread operation using the same code as the spread - code used at the transmit side  , and extracts the original signals .
The received power for a multiple access up link can be found easily but  , when the received power for the communication satellite is specified , full consideration must be given to earth station performance .
The received radio wave has a high frequency and is not easily handled  , so it is first converted to a low frequency by a frequency converter .
The received RF signal is a 4GHz or 11GHz band from the satellite is converted down to an IF signal in a 140MHz band by the down converter .
The received signal amplified by the high - frequency amplifier ( RF - AMP ) and the two local oscillator frequency signals output by the phase shifter ( PS ) are respectively mixers ( MIX1 and MIX2 ) and converted into two baseband signals ( + - 4 kHz deviation frequency signal ) .
The received signal from the antenna is amplified by the RF _ AMP .
The received signal is converted from the RF ( Radio Frequency ) band of 850 MHz to the IF ( Intermediate Frequency ) band .
The received signal is instantaneous - detected with the clock regenerated in the bit - timing recovery circuit ( BTR ) and then converted into the original signal .
The receiver adds this prediction to the received difference signal  , yielding the true signal .
The receiver C / N from the specifications for the earth station and circuit quality are then adjusted by updating the specifications .
The receiver can select one of early paths or of late paths and carries out tracking and receiving .
The receiver circuit configuration for the pager can apply three principles as shown in section 9.7.1 : double super heterodyne  , single super heterodyne and direct conversion .
The receiver converts the radio waves to their original electrical signals .
The receiver demodulateds ( Dem ) and regenerates the digitized information and feeds it to the receive section of the TDM equipment .
The receiver input level of the satellite can be expressed by the equation shown in the slide  , if you assume satellite receive antenna gain of Gs , up - link free space loss of Lu and earth station e . i . r . p .
The receiver is very similar to the transmitter except the front end part of control signal generator used to activate the open / close of signals that have been sent .
The receiver of the pager should be compact light and highly reliable  , so the trend is toward a simple system with few parts implementation of a simple system depends greatly on progress in device technology ( miniaturization higher density and higher performance ) , mainly for various filters and semiconductors .
The receiver 's charging area is identified from this location information and the message billing index for the distance from the sender 's charging area to the receiver 's charging area is determined  , this message billing index is compared with the message billing index dialed by the sender .
The receiver 's job is to decide which discrete values were transmitted and represent the message as a sequence of binary enclosed discrete message samples .
The receiving side detects bipolar violation codes and then  , converts these into ' N ' number of Os to obtain original codes .
The receiving side verifies the MAC address before receiving the packets .
The receiving signal power is proportional to the receiving antenna gain ( G ) when the transmission power from the satellite is constant .
The receiving terminal monitors received signal quality on both working and protection systems  , and the selector selects signals from the protection line if the received signals from the working line do not meet the performance requirements .
The receiving terminals monitor received signals for the presence of signal  , frame pattern , line code , Bit Error Ratio ( BER ) , and checksum violations .
The recent development trend is such that  , ami with simple hardware is expected to be utilized in the TCM ( Time Compression Multiplex ) transmission method and the same is true for 2B1Q , in the ECH ( Echo Cancellation with Hybrid ) .
The reception of the reference bursts is performed by detecting UW1 and UW2 which are used as multiframe markers .
The recommendations which are related to the circuit design of the satellite communications system include allowable noise power  , permissible level of interference from other satellite systems , allowable values of interference from line of sight radio – relay systems and reference earth station radiation pattern .
The record is made up of the fixed fields and additional fields as many ad required .
The recovered narrow band carrier passes through band pass filter designed to pass only baseband modulated carrier .
The redundancy introduced to the data stream by the parity bits enables digital logic circuits in a receiver to readily ascertain channel error rates .
The reference burst provides the timing standard for TDMA frames and its period is exactly equal to one TDMA frame .
The reference points are used to indicate the service boundary between function blocks and has the function of checking information transferred between function blocks .
The reference station determines the transmit delay Dn for initial acquisition .
The reference station estimates the burst transmit timing based on the know ledge of the satellite position in orbit and provides the traffic station with instructions for burst transmit timing .
The reference station has the function of monitoring the operating condition of the TDMA system .
The reference station has the function of system control in addition to burst synchronization control .
The reference station monitors received bursts originating from the opposite area and directs burst transmit timing to each traffic station using reference bursts .
The reference station not only performs control for burst synchronization but also has system control functions for stable and efficient operation of the system .
The reference station periodically transmit a special burst called the reference burst .
The reference station provides a traffic station in the opposite area with control data for burst synchronization using CDC messages .
The reference station receives the burst transmitted from the traffic station and investigates whether the burst is placed in the proper position .
The reference station sends back the results of measurement to the traffic station .
The reference station sends the IAP1 code and the transmit delay Dn for initial acquisition through CDC to the traffic station attempting initial acquisition .
The reference station transmit a series of data for burst synchronization and system control by the multiframe .
The reference station transmits the DNTX code to traffic stations in cases where the Short Burst cannot be receive from the traffic station in a normal manner at initial acquisition and where the traffic station fails to keep steady state synchronization .
The regeneration repeater equalizes ( or reshapes ) distorted waveform into coded waveform with good S / N  , regenerates equalized waveform into pulses that are the same as transmit pulses by identifying ' 1 ' and ' 0 ' of the binary information on equalized waveforms , and retimes the phases of transmit pulses at the accurate time interval .
The regenerative repeater has a function of regenerating distorted pulses on line . Also  , it is equipped with a circuit for detecting overheating or faults .
The regenerator section overhead is comprised of the followings : A1 and A2 are the frame synchronization bytes ; B1 is the 8 – bits interleave parity check byte monitoring regenerator section errors ; E1 is the orderwire channel byte for transmission between network maintenance areas ; F1 is used for locating repeating section fault ; and D1 through D3 are data communications channel bytes .
The regenerator section overhead is used either in a layer between of optical repeaters or that between an optical repeater and an optical line terminal .
The registration is the process of notifying the location of a mobile unit  , to a corresponding base station , carried out by the mobile unit .
The registration sequences is the list of the existing LAN end system that the LEC of the MAC address list of the LAN end system that the LEC executes as a proxy ( Proxy Function ) and establishes a database system .
The relation between C / N and BER ( in a digital PSK system ) or S / N ( in an analog FM system ) in the received signal depends on modulation and demodulation in the system .
The relation between equations ( 2.31 ) and ( 2.32 ) is plainly shown in Fig . 2.22 .
The relation between loss probability  , traffic and circuit number are calculated by Earlang B formula ( Table 5.1 ) .
The relation between propagation distance ( R ) and free space loss ( y ) can be expressed by equation ( 2.2 ) .
The relation between relative phase and message signal is :
The relation can be easily understood by free - space attenuation monograph .
The relational model makes it easy to perform relational calculus for each relation in order to define new relations .
The relationship between equation ( 2.11 ) and ( 2.12 ) is called the Wiener - Khintchine theorem .
The relationship between S / N and noise power will be explained here .
The relationship between the bandwidth of optical fiber and wavelength used is shown in figure .
The relationship between the noise factor ( F ) and noise temperature ( Te ) is given in the table 2.4 .
The relative low cost and high performance of digital circuits allows digital implementation to be used in some applications that are prohibitively expensive when implemented with comparable analog components .
The relative noise power in the communications circuit can be specified by the ratio of carrier power to noise power  , or C / N .
The relative priority of ATM cell can be assigned using CLP bit or VPI / VCI fields .
The relay method of the circuit switched method is illustrated in Fif.2.2 .
The relay mode of the packet switching system is shown in Fig.2.2 .
The repair personnel  , based on these reports , replaces fault packages for repairs .
The repeater is activated by rated current ( normally  , 60mA ) overlapped on signals supplied from the terminal station .
The repetition for the paging and forward traffic channel depends on the data rate of each channel .
The representation of vice ( or any analog signal ) in a digital format involves converting the continuous analog waveform into a sequence of discrete sample values .
The representatives basic networks of vehicle and vessel telephone systems are shown in Fig.2.32 .
The reproduced signals are sent to the terminals at the destination .
The required bandwidth can be obtained by this equation .
The required bit error rate in fine weather stipulated in CCIR Recommendation 522  , is 10 ^ - 16 .
The required isolation is specified by INTELSAT in terms of the ratio of desired carrier power to interfering carrier power  , or C / I .
The required saturation power of earth station HPA can be determined by the intermodulation which is dependent on the combination of carrier frequencies .
The requirements at this time  , was that only economic aspects were considered for the transmission between two points ; accordingly , the digitalization of transmission routes was regarded only as the function of the prices of lines and A / D converters and multiplexing .
The requirements of this type of service can be met as well .
The research on this type of switching system was initiated in the early part of 1940s and was accelerated after the invention of transistors in the 1950s .
The research result of this group includes M4 interface specifications between network management system and network and M3 interface specifications between private and public network management systems .
The reserve CDMA channel I and Q which are mapped to the offset QPSK modulation are like figure 3 - 15 .
The resolution provided for the moving areas can often be reduced by a significant factor  , when the motion is rapid .
The resource records the time stamps for the transaction performing read and last write performed .
The response  , f ( t ) where an impulse is impressed on the filter of this cut off angular frequency , can be obtained from the inverse Fourier transform as follows .
The RESPORG is a subscriber 's primary point of contact for a given 800 number and the subscriber can choose its RESPORG .
The rest of this subsection describes call control scheme that uses this kind of subscriber line extension .
The result of calculating F value through the use of numerical integration method or simulation method shows that the frequency reuse efficiency F for this propagation model is about 0.65 .
The result of calculus to project relation R to attribute Project  , subsystem is .
The result of outdoor  , site , and MOS tests on the CDMA system using the QCELP algorithm show that the 8kbps rate changing vocoder provides voice having better quality than of analog and TDMA system .
The result of this simulation dictates that the split loss ratios should be as shown in table 2.10 .
The results of AIN studies have been reflected to the standardization activities on IN in ITU - T / Outline of AIN specifications is described in section 3 .
The results of main activities include the organization of ENR ( Enterprise Network Roundtable )  , which is an organization for end users involved in ATMF activities .
The results of open and closed loop power control method are shown in Figure 3 - 8 .
The results of these functions are printed out through the typewriter .
The results of these studies have been compiled in a document called RFC ( Request For Comments ) .
The return traffic continues around the ring from Node : back to Node 1  , in the same direction as from Node 1 to Node 3 , using the remaining portion of the working ring ( i.3 , path 3 - 4 - 1 ) .
The reuse of frequencies is carried out as follows : first  , spectrum available is classified further into several frequency sets for reuse .
The reverse CDMA channel includes 32 access channel from No.0 to 31 for each paging channel supported .
The reverse code division multiplexing channel consists of the access channel and a reverse traffic channel .
The reverse link of CDMA system uses the same binary sequence of 32.768 lengths as one used in the forward link  , where the fixed code phase offset is given to the spread codes .
The reverse traffic channel and the access channel are expanded to long codes in prior to the transmission .
The reverse traffic channel frame of 20ms is divided by the same length of 16 forming  , the 16 ( 0 - 15 ) power control groups with the same length .
The reverse traffic channel modulation parameters and the access channel modulation parameters and the access channel modulation parameter are listed respectively in the table 3 - 1 and 3 - 2 .
The reverse traffic channel sends one of 6 Walsh symbols at 1.25ms .
The review revealed that the error fluctuation coefficient of a G distribution varies depending on the magnitude of forecasted demand increase as shown in figure 2.35 .
The ring considered here needs four 2.4 - Gbps ADMs  , which results in a relative cost of 12 ; 1 x3x4 = 12 ) , whereas the 1 ; 1 / DP hubbing network needs twelve 565 - Mbps OLTMs , which results in a relative cost of 9.6 ( 1x0.8x12 = 9.6 ) .
The ring may also need a more complex network control schenia than its hubbing counterpart because all nodes interact when fault conditions occur or reconfiguration is required .
The role of the transmission system is to achieve high - fidelity transmission of the electrical signal obtained from the photo - electro conversion system .
The Roman Empire was able to propagate necessary information to locations as far as 160km away from Rome in a day via a nation - wide road network they had constructed .
The route management task is to transfer information about changes in the availability of signaling routes in the signaling network to enable remote signaling points to take appropriate signaling traffic management actions .
The routing label indicates the exchange to be designated out of a number of exchanges .
The S / N in the top channel is improved by about 4dB owing to the emphasis .
The SAA group of the ATMF defines a native ATM SAP ( Service Access Point ) interface to use that service via the ATMF95 - 0008 documents  , the service primitive forms and parameters through the SAP , and getting more on with them , defines the native ATM library and the native ATM API ( Application Program Interface ) .
The said compensator is provided for a feeding system at one side of each repeating station .
The same announcement played to calling user when he / she dials a unique number anywhere .
The same answer can be obtained by another approach using equation ( 5.9 )  , or [ C / T ] = [ C / No ] [ K ] .
The same cable wire diameter was used during the era of mass telephone installation for both main lines and branch lines within one fixed distribution area to save time for design work and promote shared use of wires between lines in order to solve traffic congestion .
The same commitment process changes temporarily updated data into formally updated data .
The same is true for the single mode optical communication system .
The same levels of noise or interference are virtually unnoticeable when speech is present .
The same number of INAP operations are defined for those information slows .
The same thing is true in the case of the virtual call of the packet network .
The same type of frequency set can not be used in the neighboring base station .
The samples of a voice signal must be transmission every 1 / 8000 seconds or 125 micro - seconds .
The samples of the three channels can be sent in an orderly sequence through a common transmission line .
The samples thus obtained are discrete on the time scale .
The sampling interval is 1 / 8000 seconds or 125 micro - seconds ) .
The sampling pulse signals  , which are periodic waveform signals , are the sum of harmonics signals having the envelope line of the sine function for frequencies .
The sampling pulse train has harmonic frequency components equal multiples of the sampling rate fs .
The sampling rate of voice signal can theoretically be set at least twice 3.4 kHz or 6.8 kHz .
The sampling theorem states that if a message that is a magnitude – time function is sampled instantaneously at regular intervals and at a rate at least twice the highest significant message frequency .
The SAPI is intended to identify the ISDN service  , for example , whether it is circuit – switched or packet – switched connections .
The satellite attitude and antenna pointing of a communications satellite must be controlled so that the antenna beam for communication should be accurately radiated over the required service area .
The Satellite Base Station - E adjusts the outgoing timing according to the delay time data  , and transmits the signal to pagers .
The satellite communication has many features that are for ground communication lines  , as shown Fig.9.3 .
The satellite communications circuit  , or the link of earth - space - earth path , consists of various portions , such as satellite transponder , transmission path , earth station transmitter and receiver .
The satellite communications circuit includes one or more satellite links  , each of which is composed of a pair of earth stations and a satellite .
The satellite communications for rural area will be applicable where the terrestrial means installation are impossible or difficult .
The satellite communications system features multiple access capability .
The satellite digital communication service ( SDCS ) and satellite video communication service ( SVCS ) that are based on the features of satellite communication are provided with a private having a Ku band repeater that is not affected by rain .
The satellite digital communication service ( SDCS ) can be used high – speed data file transfer  , newspaper data transfer , television conference , flexible corporate communication network combined with ground systems .
The satellite does nor immediately becomes a geostationary satellite which stands stationary at the target location  , but rather it is put on a drift orbit which is located slightly away from the geostationary orbit , then moved to a predetermined location , and finally reaches the point of geostationary orbit through the counter - thrusting operation of a small thruster .
The satellite group delay and dual path are included here in order to be compensated for at the earth station  , since they are not compensated for in the satellite transponder .
The satellite in the transfer orbit is then adjusted in the geostationary orbit at the apogee by operating a rocket called the Apogee Kick Motor ( AKM ) built in the satellite .
The satellite is rotated on a specific axis ( axis of rotation ) .
The satellite is then rocketed onto the transfer orbit by the propellant of the third - stage .
The satellite itself for a mobile communication system as well as satellite launching cost a great deal  , but the system provides services to a broad area .
The satellite sends back this continuous ( strictly speaking  , not continuous ) signal to all of the earth stations ; each earth station achieves communication by extracting only , the portions ( time slots ) that it needs out of the received signals .
The satellite transponder receives packet signals from each station and transmits them in the broadcast mode .
The satellite video communication service ( SVCS ) is used for video transmission  , such as high – quality television lectures and various event relay , using the concurrency and wide area of satellite communication .
The saturation and the hue information is superimposed on the luminance signal as a new signal .
The scanner is used to detect the status of each terminal of the call circuit  , such as subscriber line circuit , trunks , and the dial pulse receiving device , it scans the on - off stage periodically and then , sends input information to the central control circuit .
The scanning lines of the even fields and the odd fields are interlaced with each other in the reproduced picture .
The scattering of light is named the Rayleigh scattering after a physicist who explained the phenomenon in detail .
The SCF platform provides a service logic execution environment ( SLEE ) on which a service logic program ( SLP ) runs to provide service processing .
The SCF will need rules to handle feature arbitration between subscribers involved in the call ( e . g . incompatible screening lists ) .
The scramble secondary code is the frequently used line code .
The SDF contains and manages the data which are related to service logic programs ( SLPs ) and accessed in the execution of the SLP instances .
The SDF data manager provides the functionality needed for storing  , managing and accessing information in the SDF .
The seam to be various efforts to force - fit SS No.7 into OSI from layer 4 and above .
The search receiver ensures that the three strongest paths can be always allocated to the data receivers even if the path environment is changed .
The SECAM system differ from the NTSC system  , while the PAL system is similar to the NTSC system .
The SECAM system differs from the NTSC and PAL system  , which we have studied so far , in its transmission of chrominance signals .
The second  , the cross talk damage between channel which is happened by imperfect channel filting and nonlinear characteristics can not be affective .
The second advantage of TDMA is flexibility in operation against changes in traffic demand .
The second high frequency absorption occurs around 1.38 mm and the third high frequency absorption around 0.95mm .
The second intermodulation characteristic is inferior .
The second is circuit testing and monitoring function by controlling FCON and PCM MUX .
The second is to consider both of cell loss priority and transmission delay priority .
The second is transmit channel assignment function by which a satellite channel is assigned to an active input terrestrial channel .
The second method has recently been used less frequently due to the cost and complexity of maintenance  , in addition to the improvement of the noise temperature characteristics at room temperature .
The second places importance on portability  , for easy carrying within a limited area .
The second problem involved reduction of transmission line installation cost .
The second problem is related to distribution systems .
The second requirement in the timing relationship is related to the phenomenon that a number of digital transmission lines are connected to the network of one office from a number of other offices .
The second section is the unique word consisting of 24 symbols .
The second step is to exchange AIS ( Alarm Indication Signal ) and RDI ( Remote Defect Indication ) signals between NEs that are under the negative influence of defect state NE which network functions are being restricted .
The second type  , where television programs are relayed through two satellites via one or more intermediate earth stations , is referred to as double - hop television transmission .
The secondary reference burst is used as a backup for the primary reference burst .
The secondary reference station is used as the backup for the primary reference station .
The selectics fading means that the fading phenomenon is happened on a part of band in the transmission bandwidth and the synchronous fading means that received field intensity is changed evenly on the whole frequency band in the transmission bandwidth .
The selection of 150 Mbps as the internal signal for network was a very pioneer opinion .
The selection signal refers to the number of the terminating subscriber .
The selectivity of the IF amplifier can be maintained in the direct conversion method by means of low - pass filter in the base band bandwidth .
The selectivity of the IF amplifier is ensures by the synthesizer method and the image frequency is not received .
The send VCC  , a two way point - to - point VCC established between the BUS and each LEC , will be set up by the LEC after receiving the LE _ ARP in the same way as the data direct VCC , anda or initial u the BUS .
The sending and receiving of AIS / RDI signals generated on the physical layer is called OAM Flow .
The sending and receiving paths of the both - way circuit are accommodated on both the right and left sub - networks .
The sending and receiving paths of the incoming circuit are accommodated on the left of the two sub - networks .
The sending and receiving paths of the outgoing circuit are accommodated on the right of the two sub - networks .
The sending facilities transfer and send input ( original ) signal in order to transmit them efficiently through the media  , receiving facilities extracts original signal from the received signal .
The sending path information of subscriber A is carried in time slot # 0 on incoming highway 1  , and on outgoing highway 11 in the primary time switch it is transferred to time slot # ( 1 ) . .
The sending path information of subscriber B is carried in time slot # 2 on outgoing highway 21 in the primary time switch .
The sending path information of subscriber B is carried in time slot # 5 on incoming highway 2  , and on outgoing highway 21 in the primary time switch it is transferred ot time slot # ( 2 ) … .
The sensitive electronic parts of the switching system should be protected adequately against over voltage fed in from lightening or unstable commercial power .
The sequence between ATM cells in certain virtual cells is preserved by the functions of ATM layer .
The sequence control is a process of correcting and preventing this from occurring .
The sequence of encode data symbol results from this demodulation process .
The sequence of the data packet received via the network is checked at the final switching system connected to the terminating subscriber .
The sequence used in the orthogonal spread is similar to the point G of Figure 3 - 12 .
The serial data ( call signal and phase compensation signal ) from the encoder ( ENCOD ) is distributed to a maximum of 48 base stations .
The serial data that has been delay equalized by the phase compensator is FSK modulated and transmitted in the 250MHz band .
The serial data to be transmitted by radio waves ( i . e .. the call signal ) is composed and output by the line link unit ( LINE LINK ) .
The serial signal of 8 bits in one time slot on the incoming highway is stored at an address in the time switch and  , after time slot interchange , is sent out to the outgoing highway in the form of a serial signal of 8 bits .
The series of operations for writing signal into the time switch is called the write cycle and the series of operations for reading out signals from the time switch is called the read cycle .
The service and application group handles problems to support the interface with AAL layer in API ( Application Program Interface ) form for the existing or new application services .
The service area introduce Tokyo was then expanded  , followed by introduction of service in Osaka , Nagoya , fukuoka and Sapporo , in turn , with nationwide service initiated in March 1984 .
The service area is covered by 6 base stations located throughout the country  , wit each base station covering a range of about 400 km , and speech channels can be switching from one station to another as the airplane travels to allow continuation of a call .
The service area is the entire Japanese coast  , including the seas around Okinawa and Daitojima islands , and is covered by about 120 base station that connect to the PSTN through a Coastal Mobile Center using a control data link .
The service area of a cell is supposed to be 1 to 10 km in radius for frequency reuse efficiency .
The service area of the systems is expanding  , fulfilling the demand of customers for a variety of advance services .
The service area should therefore be divided into location identification units ( location registration areas ) of a suitable size for keeping track of mobile subscribers .
The service area will be decided by the technical and geographical conditions .
The service areas of a satellite mobile communication system are limited to sea and air and to land where there is a direct line - of - sight to the satellites .
The service calls are routed to these switches based on special prefixes such as ' 0039 ' and ' 0055 ' .
The Service Channel is used for transmission of various Service Channel messages for control and management of the TDMA system .
The service control level corresponds to the home - location register functions in the mobile communications network .
The service demand mapping in the TSA scheme can be performed in a fixed ( hardwired ) manner or a dynamic ( programmable ) manner .
The service distance can be said 30 - 50km in general.0 .
The Service Plane represents a service - oriented view from the standpoint of users .
The services  , therefore , have to be offered under general standards which are internationally agreed upon .
The services / service features provided in IN CS - 1 fall into the category of single ended   , single point of control s referred to as Type A services .
The services offered by the packet switched network include a general subscriber lines for terminating and originating calls  , originating or terminating dedicated service , connection service , direct call service for originating calls without dialing , terminal identification service , and abbreviated service .
The Session Layer establishes the session connection between session service users ( upper layer ) .
The Session Layer is the layer in the OSI basic reference model .
The Session Layer provides services to the data entity for mutual transmission of data between presentation entities in an open system .
The setting up of these units requires only the acknowledge function of 270 rows in the 9x270 byte structure of the basic signals instead of the acknowledgement of the seizure signal on all the bytes existing in a frame .
The shape of filter is roll - off near the cut - of frequency  , so the filter bandwidth in baseband is expressed in B = Rb ( 1 r ) / 2 , where , rb is bit rate , r means roll - of constant .
The shape of optical pulses propagating through a long optical fiber changes and the pulse width becomes greater and as a result  , overlap switch adjacent pulses thus restricting the transmission capacity of optical fiber .
The shapes of the generally antennas are shown in the figure .
The shared - use of cable - wires can be increased using Fd cabinets as an interface between feeder and distribution cables .
The shared medium system  , as in the case of shared memory system , was one of the initial ATM switching system .
The shared medium system  , as in the case of shared memory system , was one of the initial ATM switching systems .
The shared memory system is one of ATM switching system that has been developed based on the concepts of packet switching method of Baron in 1964 and line switching method that carries out the synchronous time division by the unit of time slot .
The shared memory system is one of ATM switching systems that has been developed based on the concepts of packet switching method of Baron in 1964 and line switching method that carries out the synchronous time division by the unit of time slot .
The short transmission distances and stable environment decrease transmission error  , thus enabling high - quality data transmission .
The side shows the relation between the degree of multiplexing of the used for current time switch and the performance required for the memory .
The sideband signals are distributed at intervals of 60 Hz around the harmonics of 15.75 KHz .
The sidelobes have to be kept as low as possible in order to avoid the interference to and from other satellite systems or terrestrial microwave links .
The sign ± for USSB and LSSB respectively  , and u ( t ) is the Hilbert conversion of u ( t ) .
The signal - to - noise ratio after demodulation of FM signals can be obtained by the following formula :
The signal - to - noise ratio due to this distortion becomes the worst at the bottom channel and the best at the top channel .
The signal add - drop operation demultiplexes the entire high - speed signal frame into tributary components .
The signal amplified by the intermediate frequency amplifier is returned to its original by the demodulator .
The signal composition of this format is shown in Fig9.8 .
The signal expressed with the formula of Bell Communications Research is as ( J K ( 28 L ) ) ( 24 M ) ( 8 N )  , J = 1 , K = 3 , L = 1 , M = 2 , N = 0 .
The signal fire that was used extensively in the past is a good example .
The signal for notifying that the corresponding signal can not be used for outgoing .
The signal for notifying that the originating subscriber has on - hooked to the terminating switching system .
The signal for notifying that the originating switching system has seized the trunk line to the terminating switching system .
The signal for notifying that the terminating subscriber has on - hooked to the terminating switching system .
The signal for notifying the answering of the terminating subscriber to the originating switching system .
The signal for notifying the seizure signal acknowledgement to the originating switching system .
The signal format between the first pulses of binary codes corresponding to two adjacent samples of first channel is called one PCM frame .
The signal formats are POCSAG  , GSC , ( Golay Sequential Code ) , D3 .
The signal from one antenna is amplified and converted to the IF band by the frequency synthesizer  , passes through the filter , and the converted into the digital signal in the same way as described above for the mobile unit .
The signal from the ITC is transmitted to an earth station where the signal is then transmitted to the satellite and is received by the corresponding television broadcasting organization via the earth station and ITC at the receiving side .
The signal information of A  , b and N is actually an 8 - bit digital code obtained through pulse code modulation of voice signals .
The signal is attenuated and the noise is increased accordingly .
The signal is out - put to circuit terminating equipment accommodated in the intraoffice interface signal format of 8.192 Mbps .
The signal is produced from DS - 1 to DS - 3 through PMB ( Programmable Multiplex Bank ) .
The signal is then amplified by the high - poser amplifier to the level required for transmission to the satellite .
The signal is then amplitude - modulated by the supervisory signal and transmitted from the antenna after passing through branching filters .
The signal is then transmitted line  , and at the receiving side the original information is reproduced as a monochrome or color picture on a cathode - ray tube after the establishment of synchronization with the transmitting side .
The signal is transmitted to the end locating by radio relay system  , cable system , or optical fiber system , and the television signal is recreated into the original picture .
The signal obtained by combining two amplitude modulation ( AM ) waves crossing at right angles is called a quadrature modulation ( QAM ) wave .
The signal related to the changing pulse of the public telephone .
The signal speed conversion is sometimes performed in the DSI / DNI section .
The signal traffic is transmitted via the blank – and - burst data  , with the signal traffic sharing the frame with the primary traffic .
The signal transmitted from one point can be received by base station at the same time .
The signal usq ( t ) which is sampling and quanitizing like this is discrete to time and amplitude .
The signal was named as STS - 1 ( Synchronous Transport Signal - 1 )  , and DS - 3 or SYNTRAN DS - 3 which was adopted as the basis hierarchical signal was prescribed to be processed into byte interleaved multiplexing via STS - 1 .
The signal zone is called large zone because a base station covers large service area .
The signaling function of the PCM terminal device is used to send monitoring signals such as the hook - on / off the telephone and dial pulses  , and maintenance &amp; administration information .
The signaling group adopted an essential part of ITU - T Q.2931 required to implement it  , completed ATM UNI 3.0 specifications in 1993 and published version 3.0 in October , 1994 .
The signaling information of the message contains user information  , such as data or call control signals , management and maintenance information , and type and format of message .
The signaling link management functions controls the locally connected link sets  , including link restoration .
The signaling link may be accessed by means of a switching function that provides capability of automatic reconfiguration of signaling links .
The signaling messages is made up of a 9 octet common part having four types of information elements ( Protocol Identifier  , Call Reference Value , Message Type Number , And Message Length ) and a variable part having variable length information elements that are included selectively depending on each message type .
The signaling method is a protocol on the transmitting method of these information .
The signaling procedure defined by ATMF UNI 3.1 is based on ITU - T Q.2931 .
The signaling rout management function is used only when the signaling link operates in the quasi - associated mode .
The signaling transfer method available is further classified into a channel associated signaling and common channel signaling ( CCS ) methods ) .
The signals B '  , A , N ' … and C on the outgoing highway are demultiplexed into individual time slots for individual outgoing circuits .
The signals from COMP1 and COMP2 are combined and output by the signal synthesizer ( FF ) .
The signals in the sending are reset at once  , and a confirmation signal is sent back to the decoder .
The signals incoming from two antennas are processed separately and combined together in the diversity combiner .
The signals of other mobile units are differentiated by 242 - 1 PN sequence and time offset that is given to each user .
The signals output from LIM1 and LIM2 are respectively waveform - converted into 1 / 0 NRZ signals by waveform shapers COMP1 and COMP2 .
The signals propagate through the optical fiber cable with their power decreasing and with their waveforms ( pulse - width ) widening as they proceed  , and arrive at the optical - to - electrical converter at the destination terminal .
The SIM also defines the operations for these attributes .
The SIM utilizes an object directing model to commonly define the Entity / Connection / SAP ( Service Access Point ) of an abstract managed object  , and managed objects at each layer succeed to these properties .
The similar process is carried out when a mobile unit moves from one sector of the same base station to another sector .
The simplest method in channel access is frequency division multiple access .
The simultaneous invocation and exestuation of multiple SLPs are also managed by the SLEE .
The sin ( umax ) is called the Numerical Aperture ( NA ) in optical science term  , and indicates the condition of light incidence into an optical fiber .
The single channel radio system is used for the connection between a local exchange and subscribers to provide telecommunication services  , such as public telephone , ordinary telephone , facsimile and telex for the rural area .
The site diversity technique maybe used for the millimeter wave communications in the region where much rainfall is expected  , ir order to compensate for the attenuation caused by the rainfall .
The site provides its own DD / D and asks the network for other sites DD / Ds .
The situation which can avoid collision is shown in ( 2.39 ) .
The sixth section of the reference burst is the Control and Delay Channel consisting of 8 symbols .
The size of a fixed distribution system area is determined so that the sum of demand in the area in 15 years is about 600 .
The size of result value and the maximum coefficient among 64 are used for making the decision of a set of decoder weights and symbols for a Viterbi algorithm decoder .
The size of this antenna is still fairly big but the structure is rather simple .
The SLEM ( Service Logic Execution Manager ) in SLEE is the functionality that handles and controls the total logic execution action .
The SLEM also interacts with the data access manager as described below to support SLP execution .
The slide shows an example of input - output relationship of a TWT .
The SM - type optical fiber is included in the category of the SI type  , however , it is very small in the relative index difference between the core and clad , and is solely for the single - mode propagation .
The small diameter and light - weight of optical fibers improve the space factor in cable laying .
The small zone mobile and portable telephone system that have been introduced and are operation in various countries are listed in Table 1.1.2 .
The smaller zone is  , the higher frequency reuse rate .
The SMI standard defines models related to the managed object .
The SN - based configuration is suitable for services requiring in - band processing such as voice / facsimile store &amp; forward or speech - to - text and text - to - speech conversion .
The SNG ( satellite news gathering ) connects fixed earth stations satellite installed in television station studios via a communication satellite to transfer news pictures by dispatching a transportable earth station to the spot or trasporting a portable earth station on a car or helicopter as in Fig.9.9 .
The SNMP message has a machine - independent presentation based on the ASN.1 abstract syntax .
The SNMP message includes a community name for authentication  , of the access right of the agent and a PDU field .
The SNR of timing signal is improved and little is suppressed by the use of this circuit .
The social an business settings have been a continually greater increase in wider computer are as well as in the demand for coupling data communications with communications line facilitation .
The SOF is the start of the TDMA frame for all the transponders in the community .
The soft handoff feature of the CDMA system utilizes two base stations at the same time and accordingly  , is able to reduce the possibility of the call disconnections occurred in bordered areas during the handoff .
The software capacity limit feature is not used for the calculation of Erlang .
The SONET proposers developed and systematized the frame structure of the initial stage  , and proposed the formula .
The SONETAPS protocols can be applied to this diverse protection scheme  , except that the K1 and K2 bytes are conveyed on the diverse protection paths .
The SORF can also be determined by detecting the unique word of the reference burst in every TDMA frame .
The SORMF has a period equal to 16 TDMA frames  , or 32msec .
The SOTMF of all the traffic stations must com together at exactly the same SOF at the satellite so that all the bursts may be placed at their proper positions in the TDMA frame at the satellite .
The SOTMF 's at each traffic station are determined so as to meet together at the satellite .
The sound program signal can be multiplexed with the video signal by the AM  , FM , PAM , pwm or PCM methods .
The sound program signal transmitted to the earth station is frequency - modulated by the sound program modulator and combined in the base - band with the video signal  , of which the harmonic components have been removed by the low - pass filter .
The sound sources and modulation by a filter are both time - variant  , but can be regarded as being constant over periods of 20 - 30 ms .
The sound sources and modulation fitter which makes fine adjustments to the timbre of the sound according to the configuration of the vocal system ( the jaw  , tongue , mouth , etc . ) ...
The source informs the destination that the newly established VCC is in normal state using the READY _ IND messages  , and the operates a timer and confirms the state of the source by sending the READY _ QUERY message in case that the READY _ IND message is lost .
The sources of this type of interference can be divided into two categories .
The SP - A Base Station measures the delay time by comparing the real time of the phase compensation signal received from the Satellite Base station - D ( a Higher - rank Office ) .
The space division type electronic switch has an electronic gate on each cross point of the crossbar switch .
The space switch is used for connecting these time switches .
The space switch switches time slots between highways .
The spare system in which if the line being used falls  , it is switched to a spare radio line with a different frequency has a role of frequency diversity .
The specific management functions include configuration management  , failure management , security management , performance management and accounting management .
The specification of the D – channel protocol are defined according to the OSI reference model for clearly discriminated layers .
The specifications approved by IETF is published in RFC  , ietf documentation system .
The specifies protocol layers are a physical layer  , ATM layer , AAL ( ATM Adaptation Layer ) and high - level layer .
The spectrum is represented by frequency versus power density .
The spectrum of the modulated signal can be obtained by analyzing the spectrum of the baseband signal that is input into the modulator .
The spectrum of the orthogonally modulated wave is thus the sum of the respectively independent ( same ) spectra .
The speech level varies from time to time  , while a test tone level is always constant .
The speed of the multilevel signal is one - half the transmission capacity .
The split loss ratios were calculated by computer simulation with the number of branches used as parameters for two different cases .
The spreading PN sequence rate is fixed as 1  , 2288 Mcps per second .
The SSCP - based configuration is applicable for the services of local nature if the local exchanges operate as SSCPs .
The SSF / CCF functionality is expected to be implemented through a closely - coupled  , single vendor approach in CS - 1 .
The SSF is responsible for the handling of interactions between CS - 1 based SSF / CCF capabilities  , and non - IN features already embedded in CCF software .
The stability had been about 10 - 6 until the recent development of the highly stable TCXO and of the system in which the call setup frequency follows the transmission wave of the base station .
The stability objective aimed for in each clock is about + 10 - 11 .
The stage Marker System is the method of dividing control into several groups and then  , classifying the connection control range corresponding to this for distribution .
The standard analog channel is necessarily optimized for voice quality .
The standard expansion size is defined as that capacity increase required for a period  , the length of which minimizes the accumulated yearly costs at present value for a general expansion model .
The standard expansion size of underground cables is given by S + 5 years  , calculated in the same way as that for aerial cables .
The standard expansion size was called the design period length .
The standard for info - communication processing which needs both voice signal and data signal at same time is considered .
The standard label assumes that each signaling point in a signaling network is assigned an identification code according to a code plan established for the purpose of labeling .
The standard MIB considers the protocol at each layer ( TCP  , UDP , ICMP , IP ) in the TCP / IP environment as an attribute group ( ATTRIBUTE ) and establishes managed objects that recognize the actions for each group .
The standard parabolic reflector has a circular aperture 3.3 meters in diameter .
The standard specification proposed for the CDMA system defines frequency division  , pseudorandom code division , and orthogonal signal multiple access technology .
The standard that realizes this is the Generic Definition of Management information ( GDMI ) .
The standardized autocorrelation function of periodical bipolar waveform p ( t ) that represents the m sequence is obtained by using the equation 2 - 11 .
The star type LAN provides concentrated control  , with the central control unit managing transmission for each terminal .
The start flag is followed by a control field for error detection and then retransmission .
The Start of Receive Multiframe in a traffic station comes after the start of the multiframe at the satellite with a delay equal to the propagation time .
The Start of Transmit Frame is obtained by adding Dn to the SORF .
The Start of Transmit Multiframe is called the SOTMF and has a period of 32msec .
The Start of Transmit Multiframe is defined by adding the transmit delay Dn to the Start of Receive Multiframe  , SORMF .
The starting point of the power control bit is the 11 th in 1.25ms of the 7th slot .
The state of the convolutional encoder  , upon initialization shall be the all - zero state .
The stationary satellite id launched to the circular orbit 36  , 000 km above the equator , and the time to turn around the earth is equal to the rotation period of the earth ( 24 hours ; precisely , 23 hours 56 minutes ) and appears to be stationary when viewed from the earth .
The stationary satellite is advantageous because it is located at the same location as viewes from the earth .
The step - track system is configured with equipment arranged in a simple structure and is used for medium - size of smaller antennas when transmission or reception performance is not greatly effected if the antenna position is not so severely controlled .
The STM - 0 synchronous transmission level was standardized by the TTC and used in Japan and U . S . A as the basic transmission unit .
The stored logic circuit is the method of performing logic operation according to the instructions on the memory circuit by employing a multipurpose electronic calculator .
The stored program control of the electronic switching systems has a permanent memory for memorizing programs and a temporary memory for writing and reading data freely .
The stored program on the memory circuit is a set of commands representing the operation level .
The stream of the vocoder output information bit is transferred to one or more of base stations via next switching system .
The strongest signal strength of base station cell is regarded the moved cell  , and the radio channel of the base station is assigned to mobile unit .
The structure of BISDN should be such that it does not hinder technology development or the evolution of the realization method in the future .
The structure of broadband ISDN includes the high level capability and lower level capability .
The structure of signaling system is classified into physical layer  , link layer and control process , layer ( see Figure 3 - 9 ) .
The structure of synchronous multiplexing has a systematic space arrangement in a accordance with layer concepts .
The structure of the forward CDMA channel with be described later .
The structure of the pilot channel  , sync channel , paging channel , and forward traffic channel is shown in Figure 3 - 19 .
The structure of TMN can be examined the perspective of functions as well as physical structure .
The STS and VT path . protection switching rings are primarily used in interoffice networks and loop networks receptively .
The study direction for QoS is basically classified into two .
The stuffing control bits indicate whether an information bit or a stuffing bit is contained in the stuffable time sot .
The sub - carrier thus modulated is transmitted as the synchronizing signal .
The subscriber  , in addition to the signal tracing in a base station to which he belongs , searches out all the pilot signals ( special emphasis placed on base stations to be handed off ) and maintain the list of all the pilot signals that are better than the threshold value provided during the initial stage of call set up .
The subscriber circuit functions possessed by digital exchanges are represented by the mnemonic BORSCHT .
The subscriber controlling devices are devices located in the section from the terminal to the local concentrators .
The subscriber line interface consists of subscriber circuits and a line concentration stage network .
The subscriber lines frequently experience faults such as water submersion  , short with the commercial power cable , and cable disconnection .
The subscriber 's line is extended to the D - AMS area in which the destination mobile terminal is currently roaming .
The subscriber switching system in the PSTN determines the appropriate message billing index according to the numbers 030 and 040 .
The subscribers are accommodated in the local concentrators or directly on the LS .
The subscriptions for display pager services account for the remarkable increase in customers recently .
The substantial incremental cost associated with the DH ( D ) / DP architecture suggests that this architecture may be used only to meet special needs .
The succeeding part comprising 128 symbols is the bit timing recovery sequence modulated by a fixed pattern .
The success of the ATM technology depends on how it can accommodate the existing services efficiently before spreading new services and application services .
The success of the integrated information communication network depends on how to integrate the above mentioned information efficiently .
The sum of external noise including noise from the soil composes the antenna noise temperature .
The sum of internal noise at the receiver input point using the noise temperature can be expressed as equation 4.6 .
The supervisory signal is extracted by dividing the intermediate frequency output and amplitude - detecting it .
The supervisory signals are sent to the switching system according to the status change of the network generated on the both ends of the call path and their example are as follows :
The supporting of user management method for exchanging address information .
The surface of the human body has low impedance with respect to electric fields in space so the spatial standing - wave electric field near the body approaches zero .
The survivable architecture using these two techniques are classified as conventional survivable architectures because they can be implemented using current technology .
The switch circuits select the output signal that shows the best performance  , with is defined in accordance with certain criteria .
The switch experiencing self internal blocking is called a blocking switch and the Banyan elements are the typical example .
The switch network control is used to execute the opening / closing of the call switch  , the control of the trunk , or tests related to the call paths .
The switch selects an idle line through the proceeding movement and carries out the control function to a certain degree .
The switching communications system refer to a process of selecting men located apart from each other or between machines located separately and then  , interfacing with each other for voice or data communications .
The switching communications systems have continued to be upgraded rather drastically ever since the invention of the telephone system about a hundred years ago .
The switching elements used can be classified largely into a time division and space division system .
The switching station interfaces mobile communication network with PSTN  , and the switching system at the switching station is automation and stored program control type .
The switching system at the destination receives this and then  , distributes them to corresponding terminating terminals thus completely transmitting the information of one packet .
The switching system switches these signals and then  , transmit them to the desired subscribers in the reverse order .
The sync channel  , a pilot channel for the existing base station , uses the same type of pilot PN sequence offset .
The sync channel  , paging channel , and the forward traffic channel are encoded prior to transmission .
The sync channel is the encoding  , interleave , deployment , and modulated spread signal .
The sync channel transfers only one message called sync channel and the mobile unit receives the system parameters through this message .
The SYNC code indicates that burst synchronization of the traffic station has been established .
The sync multiplex converter is connected to the digital circuit and provides a multiplex converter is connected to the digital circuit and provides a multiplexing degree conversion function for adjusting the multiplexing degree in relation to that of the distribution stage switching network .
The synchronization carried out between FH / DS code patterns indicates that the given part of DS pattern is located on the same frequency location every time it is transferred through a specific frequency channel .
The synchronization clock necessary for activating this device is received from the digital clock supply device .
The synchronization controller determines burst transmit timing from the unique word detection timing of the reference burst and the transmit delay Dn .
The synchronization controller generates receive timing control signals for each traffic burst from the unique word detection timing of the traffic burst .
The synchronization controller performs burst synchronization and system control using the information of the unique word detection timing  , the CDC message and the Service Channel message .
The synchronizing pulse must be distinguishable from the picture signal .
The synchronous digital hierarchy  , as shown in ( c ) of figure is made up of STM - n signals .
The synchronous format that has been adopted as the US standard areas follows ; STS - 1 ( Synchronous Transport Signal Level 1 ) signals with a basic speed 51.840Mbps have been selected as basic signals that will occupy each lane of communications highways and STS - M ( 51.840Mbps x N speed ) signals haven been selected as N lane ( unidirectional ) signals .
The synchronous multiplexing structure is capable of accommodating North American and European digital signals .
The synopses of PCM  , its design technology and the problem of interference among radio stations are to be considered .
The Synthesixer Circuit Constitution is shown in Fig.9.20 .
The synthesizing filter has low computational load .
The system  , called TACS ( Total Access Communication System ) , has been commercial operation since 1985 , and had over 40 million subscriber as of November 1988 .
The system  , entity and connection are in the containment in that order .
The system can have m number of output as illustrated in Fig.2.7. m and n can be identical or different depending on the system configuration for executing the concentration  , distribution , and expansion functions .
The system concentrates the DD / D on a specific node .
The system has not been put to practical application until fairly recently  , however , due to a number of economic and technical difficulties .
The system is a multiple access line concentration system designed to privide time division multiple access ( TDMA ) technique in UHF band .
The system is composed of a base station and several subscriber stations .
The system is composed of a control equipment  , a base station , repeaters if necessary and a local exchange .
The system is controlled by a tone signal system that uses an open speech channel  , which eliminates the need for a dedicated , common control channel .
The system is expected to be applied to communications  , for example , between islands , where the demand for communication is very small where there is .
The system is installed easily and the types and errors of necessary software are reduced by using this method .
The system noise temperature consists of antenna noise temperature Ta ' the thermal noise due to resistance loss Lf of feed assembly and the equivalent noise temperature Tr of receiver .
The system parameters of INTELSAT TDMA are predetermined taking into account the functions and method of operation of the INTELSAT V and follow - on systems .
The system provide 89 radio channels in used at a common control channel for the entire system  , and the remaining 87 channels are used as voice channels .
The system requires almost no remodeling of the PSTN  , and the charging system can rate account of both time and distance .
The system should not be a main telecommunication system  , but it is useful as a minimum communication media .
The system will apply the range from 200 km to 1000 km by using one hop reflection wave .
The system will be applicable for rural area by its features that can transmit the signal up to 60 km without repeater .
The system will be applied to the area that has small number of subscribers scattered .
The systems used differ from country to country according to the broadcasting situation in each particular country .
The T - 12SR system employs paper - lead sheathed cable and PEF - P toll cable .
The table shown below gives some examples of services and their attributes .
The table shows the calculated examples of the required saturation output power of the earth station .
The tapered circular waveguide is used for connecting a slender waveguide with a main feeder which uses a circular waveguide ( 51 mmD ) for feeding with a low loss .
The TDMA / DSI terminal equipment is roughly divided into three sections  , namely a DSI / DNI section , a common TDMA terminal section , and IF / RF section .
The TDMA frame is defined uniquely for transponders in the community by making the start of all TDMA frames exactly the same as one another .
The TDMA network comprises traffic stations and at least one reference station .
The TDMA system can best utilize the satellite power  , since all of the station use the same frequency ; the transponder is required to relay signals for only one station at a time .
The TDMA system usually defines a frame in the time domain called the TDMA frame ; this frame is divided and each division is assigned to each station .
The technical classification of ATM switching system is carried out in accordance with the characteristics of switching elements or the status of internal blocking status of the switch  , the location of cell buffer on the switch , and the topology of switching network .
The technique of utilizing one satellite in common for a number of earth stations and increasing its efficiency of utilization to a maximum is called multiple access .
The techniques for registering a mobile 's location ( which are essential to connect a call through to the mobile ) are described next . A schematic of the procedures is shown in figure 8.19 .
The technological development to have the most significant impact on the telephone network is certainly fiber optic transmission .
The technology of electrical telecommunications has continued to advance rapidly ever since the invention of telegraph and telephone systems that revolutionized the means of communications about a century ago .
The technology of manufacturing related devices is expected to be upgraded at an accelerated rate ; CMOS technology  , often regarded as the most advanced technology currently available , will make the signal processing of 150 - 200MHz class possible in a few years .
The technology 's future development and the areas requiring further work have also been discussed .
The TEI is intended to identify a specific terminal or terminals when multiple terminals use a service .
The Telecommunicating Technology Committee ( TTC ) of Japan is standardizing a subset of INAP defined in the ITU - T Recommendations .
The telecommunication enterprise  , which is the support and driving force of an information oriented society , is required to be reliable and stable , even in cases of disasters and accidents such as earthquakes , typhoons and so on , not to mention at ordinary times .
The telecommunications industry was liberalized ( de - regulated ) in 1985  , allowing NCC ( New Common Carrier ) to start radio paging services in about pull of prefecture .
The telegraph and telecommunication enterprise  , which is based upon engineering and electronic techniques , adopts new techniques and engineering methods in order to increase service expand the enterprise .
The telegraphic machine invented in 1837 by Samuel F . B Morse  , for the first time in history , utilized electrical signals for communications .
The telephone charge metering office in the PSTN sends the calling charge area number and called mobile subscriber number to the home memory office  , which determines the location information form the called subscriber number and then determines the appropriate message billing index form this location and MA ( Message Area ) information .
The telephone network ( PSTN ) is used for voice communications and is equipped with a necessary switching and transmission systems .
The telephone signals form the telephone Office are frequency division multiplexed to the capacity appropriate for each microwave system at the carrier terminal station .
The telephony signals to be transmitted are multiplexed by the carrier terminal equipment and are arranged on the frequency axis to make up the baseband .
The teletype orderwire section consists of 8 symbols .
The television signal consists of a voltage amplitude which is a function of time and present the value of luminance at a certain point in the picture .
The television signal waveform is shown in Fig . 6.1 .
The tensile strength in particular  , is not of much importance in metallic cable applications owning to their metal 's ductility , but for optical fibers full consideration should be given to it because of their brittleness due to glass material .
The tensile strength of quartz glass is originally as large as about 300 kg / mm² .
The term digital hierarchy refers to a series of time – division multiplexings graded as to capability .
The terminal equipment handle such functions as search and selection of open channels  , interference detection and hand - off .
The terminal multiplexers used in the fiber - hudded network can be evolved to higher speed ADMS when these ADMs hecome available and the ring concept proves to be economical .
The terminal relay device is used to reproduce and amplify signals  , and overlaps and separates current fed into the line repeater .
The terminal station will be installed near the local exchange  , but in some cases , will be installed at a existing repeater station to get wider service area .
The terminating switching system executes CRC to compare the error status of the signaling unit for evaluation .
The test gave practically satisfactory results  , and the new subscriber line distribution system ( the FD distribution system ) was introduced to replace the feeder distribution system on a large scale at the beginning of the fourth quarter of fiscal 1982 .
The test is performed by applying tension to all along the length to let the fiber break at weak points due to flaws .
The test result of forward path processing that has been tested with the properly approved inspection device at a formal test laboratory is illustrated in Figure 3 - 1 .
The testing group operates irregularly  , because it supports each formal group conference .
The TH / FH modulation system is employed widely when desiring to use several subscribers with varying distances and transmit power at the same time .
The theoretical arrival time ( TAT ) of a cell can be calculated by the unit T .
The thermal noise in the up - link is mainly produced by the satellite receiver .
The thermal noise is generated in the HPA  , local oscillator , modulator and transmit baseband equipment .
The thick line area of figure shows reuse pattern unit and the cells in reuse pattern unit means reuse cell N .
The third  , tdm has higher transmission speed than FDM because it is not need guard band to protect like that of FDM and utilize the allocated band width fully .
The third feature of the INTELSAT TDMA system is transponder hopping .
The third is SCC testing function which measure the characteristics of SCCS .
The third major problem centered on digital communications progress itself .
The third party could design and provide the service logic to be run in the public network .
The third problem is performance deterioration due to the aging of CPP - cables in use for aerial lines .
The three methods are direct closed loop synchronization  , feedback closed loop synchronization and open loop synchronization .
The three primary colors  , red , green and blue , are applied to the matrix circuit and converted into the luminance signal EY and the chrominance signals EI and EQ .
The threshold level for the demodulator is 10dB  , isn't it ?
The threshold margin to be given to the telephony channel in the INTELSAT system is usually 5dB .
The threshold phenomenon is observed in the input / output characteristics of FM demodulator as one of the remarkable features of wideband FM modulation system .
The throughput of the banyan switch itself is reduced rapidly as N is increased .
The tide mark is a mechanism for recording the maximum and minimum values observed during a measuring period .
The tide mark is an attribute class and can be have multiple values .
The tidy appearance of streets and houses in Europe and America results  , aside from the structural beauty of the building themselves , from the fact that most electric and telephone cables are laid underground and do not come into view together with their poles .
The time division call device is a device where time division switching is performed sets up a call path by converting time slots on the time division multiplexed transmission route of the primary group  , under the control of the CPU .
The time division method ( TDM ) is utilized extensively when multiplexing signal such as data  , pcm voice ( 64 Kb / s ) , and digital video data .
The time division multiplexed signals are fed from the highway on the left to the time switch and  , after time slot interchange , are sent out to the right .
The time division switching system  , as has been discussed previously , consists of a time division call path device , central processing device , and input / output device .
The time division system is further classified into a shared memory and shared medium and the space division system is further classified into a path and multi - path methods .
The time division system is further classified into a shared memory and shared medium and the space division system is further classified into a single path and multi - path methods .
The time interval between t1  , and t2 is 125 micro - secondsconsn because the sampling interval for each channel is 125 micro - seconds .
The time interval between these two bursts in periodically measured at the traffic station to detect error in the time interval by comparing it with the predetermined nominal value .
The time interval between two optical pulses should be greater than the max delay time in order for two optical pulses ( time adjacent ) to be distinguished from each other .
The time offset is corrected in the CDMA cellular system .
The time reference estimated from the forward traffic channel is used as the transmission time of the reverse traffic channel .
The time reference estimated from the paging channel is used as the transmission time for the access .
The time reference is established in the mobile unit .
The time slot conversion function between input / output time slots explained in the previous section is responsible for the complete switching function for all the time slots .
The time slot counter is assigned to the incoming highway to be used for writing signals into the time switch and the control store is used for reading signals from the time switch .
The time slot for receiving at subscriber B is # ( 1 ) .
The time slot switching function refer to the switching from a time slot being input flowed to a randomly selected time slot output flowed .
The time slots of the called party 's voice are passed through another path in the connection .
The time sot for signaling transmission is assigned to the time sot 16  , that is , the time sot following channel 15 .
The time sots for frame alignment is assigned to the beginning of the frame  , that is the time sot 0 .
The time switch ( T switch )  , which has the function of interchanging the time slot allocation of multiplexed 8 - bit signals on the highways , is indispensable for the construction of a digital switching network .
The time switch consists of semiconductor memories  , has a memory function , and interchanges the time allocations of the digital signals .
The time switch has the function of storing digitally encoded voice and other signals on the highway and has a switching capacity corresponding to the number of multiplexed time slots .
The time switch is connected to the 24 - multiplexed highway .
The time switch is located in the center of the slide  , the highway on the left is the incoming highway , and the highway on the right is the outgoing highway .
The time switches perform the function of changing the time order of the time slots on a highway and the space switches arrange gates specially and change mutual highway channels for connection .
The timer based registration is carried out by the mobile unit whenever time is expired .
The timing control signals are passed to the sub - burst / demultiplexer .
The timing is carried out for identifying errors at the point where the eye of the diagram is open .
The timing obtained by adding propagation time tn to the SOTF coincides with the SOF at the satellite .
The token outputted from node A is captured when it arrives at node B  , which has a transmission request .
The tolerance of jitter and wander on G.702 interface should comply with the relevant regulation of existing North American and European digital hierarchy .
The tolerance of the jitter on G.702 interface is shown in &lt; Fig.1.52 &gt; and &lt; Table 1.12 &gt; .
The toll outside plant is one which connects toll offices to each other .
The top - down or services - driven portion focused on identifying a set of service - independent capabilities for IN to support a certain set of services selected based on the market needs .
The top layer format is messase capsule configured with message and padding ( padding is carried out so that the length of message should be that of frame ) .
The total C / N between the two earth stations can then be expressed as equation 4.1 :
The total demand in individual fixed distribution areas on a new demand basis is adjusted to be within about 10 % of the overall demand in an offices service area ( including development demand in any case ) .
The total interference quantity in that case is three times as much as that in case a mobile unit is adjacent with only one base station .
The total link noise can be obtained by evaluating the equation shown in the slide .
The total noise power Nt falling in the bandwidth from f1 to f2 in the baseband after demodulation can be obtained by integrating equation ( 1 ) form f1 to f2 as shown in equation ( 2 ) .
The total number of satellite channels can be carried in increments of one satellite channel .
The total service area is made by these traffic zones .
The total signal - to – interference ratio received at the base station is as follow :
The total solution system  , GMDSS ( global maritime distress and safely system ) , is developed and is going to be utilized .
The traffic control and QoS class regulations for such ATMF are applied only to UNI ( User - Network Interface ) and no applied to NNI .
The traffic data portion of each traffic burst is divided into sections each consisting of 112bits .
The traffic data section consists of several sub - bursts .
The traffic data section contains traffic data such as PCM coded voice signals and data .
The traffic parameters given and taken during call set - up are indicated by grouping into traffic descriptor in order to represent traffic characteristics between ATM users and network or inter - network .
The traffic station detects the unique word of the bursts destined for the station according to the Burst Time Plan and takes the required channels out of the received bursts .
The traffic station receives both the reference burst and the traffic burst transmitted by itself .
The traffic stations simultaneously implement a new Burst Time Plan in a synchronized manner with the countdown .
The train of unit obtained by the coding is called the PCM signal .
The transfer characteristics of North American multiplexing device should satisfy the specification indicated in &lt; Fig 1.13 &gt; and &lt; Table 1.13 &gt; .
The transfer of data between physical service users as is via the activated physical connection .
The transfer orbit is an elliptical orbit with its perigee on the parking orbit and its apogee nearly on the geostationary orbit .
The transfer syntax is composed of three elements : an identifier octet  , a length and a contents octet .
The transferring of wander by AU and TU pointer adjustment can be controlled respectively by AU and TU pointer .
The transmission capacity of toll lines is relatively low in many developing countries  , it is not economical to use optical fiber cables , so economical radio communication system are sometimes used as trunk junction circuits .
The transmission coding method is selected by considering low bandwidth blocking  , bandwidth compression , the extraction of timing signals , jitter suppression , transmission route monitoring , and the simplicity of circuits .
The transmission devices were run smoothly as the master / slave synchronization of the transmitting and receiving signaling lines was carried out normally .
The transmission distance is limited in analog telephone service by line loss or determine - resistance  , while that in digital transmission of around 64kb / subscriber by cross talk .
The transmission efficiency of dedicated control channels which combine the paging channel and the transmission control channel is restricted to the tower transmission efficiency of the transmission control channel .
The transmission line go beyond the capacity of the elastic memory  , the bit errors will occur in the signals because of the vacancy or overflow of the elastic .
The transmission line interface unit synchronized the incoming second - order signals to local reference clock and absorb phase fluctuations which may be due to timing jitter and so on .
The transmission lines can  , as a result , accommodate a larger number of conversing parties .
The transmission link is designed to produce will defined pulses with discrete levels .
The transmission links maintain a constant amplitude digital signal .
The transmission media used in LAN are twisted pair cable  , coaxial cable and optical fiber cable .
The transmission path from in earth station to the satellite is called a uplink  , and the transmission path from the satellite to the earth station is called a downlink .
The transmission quality of a digital transmission system is evaluated by Bit error rate ( BER ) .
The transmission rate of 9600bps is made up of vocoder data and signal data .
The transmission rate of access channels can be changed in accordance with transmission types and mobile unit classes so that the channels can be used for emergencies or maintenance &amp; repairs .
The transmission route between the packet multiplexing device and switching system is the same as that of the circuit switching network .
The transmission route between the subscriber and switching system  , there are subscriber circuits , inter - office regenerations , and dedicated circuits .
The transmission signal gained in this way is transferred to the antenna via duplexer .
The transmission speed of digital system and the transmission bandwidth of analog system are restricted by the types of optical fibers and light emitting elements used .
The transmission system of satellite circuits is characterized by a combination of these items .
The transmit and receive frequencies are changes in accordance with satellite transponders so that one TDMA terminal can transmit and receive bursts to and from more than one transponder .
The transmit delay Dn comprises information about the burst transmit timing which is determined and given by the reference station .
The transmit delay Dn for initial acquisition is an estimated value which is calculated by the reference station .
The transmit delay Dn has an extremely important role in burst synchronization .
The transmit delay Dn is obtained from the primary reference station using CDC .
The transmit delay Dn takes the form of information specifying burst transmit timing .
The transmit frame is then determined from the SOTMF by using the clock of the traffic station .
The transmit multiframe is derived from the receive multiframe .
The transmit outputs of all the mobile units in the cell are controlled so that they can be received in the sale power level at the cell center regardless of the distance form the cell center .
The transmit section of the TDM equipment provides the digital input stream to the modulator ( mod ) of the radio transmitter .
The transmit side of the multiplexing device records low - level group signals onto the elastic memory and read by using a stuff controlled clock to obtain synchronized low - level group signals onto which the stuffing pulses have been inserted .
The transmit subscriber assign a transmit procedure number while transmitting a packet .
The transmit timing adjustment is a method that adjust the transmit timing on mobile unit by the distance from base station in order to receive the burst of each mobile  , in timing which is shown in ( Fig.2.37 ) , without collision at base station .
The transmit waveform of each mobile unit is made up of a time division multiplexing structure ( TDM ) .
The transmitted radio waves are received by the pager and the person carrying the pager is notified that there is a call by a tone  , a light , vibration or other such means .
The transmitter continues to transmit radio signals and the gain level of each channel continues to change while busy depending on voice pattern ( one of several important factors ) .
The transmitter converts electrical signal of voice and so on to radio waves .
The transmitter subtracts this prediction from the true value of the signal and transmits this difference .
The transmitters and receivers are installed at the end or repeater stations .
The transmitting bursts  , the traffic station uses the multiframe marker UW3 as the unique word for the burst transmitted in the frame corresponding to the SOTMF .
The transmitting characteristics of jitter and wander different according to the synchronization status of corresponding devices  , and synchronization method .
The transmitting traffic station controls the burst transmit timing so as to compensate for the error from the nominal position .
The transmultiplexer is a piece of equipment which can make mutual conversion between FDM signals and TDM signals at multiplexed signal level  , keeping the channels corresponding .
The transponder performs the pivotal function of the communications satellite to receive the radio waves from earth stations  , amplify them and convert their frequencies , and send them back to the earth stations .
The transport layer is the 4th layer in the OSI basic reference model .
The Transport layer negotiates the properties for data transfer ( service quality  , and determines the protocol to be used for establishment of transport connections ) .
The Transport layer provides services to the Session layer to perform mutual data transmission between session entities in an open system .
The Transport layer provides various protocol mechanisms to realize the service quality demanded by the transport service users .
The Trap PDU is used to notify the management system that a phenomenon ( Event ) has been generated or hs occurred on the agent side .
The tree created by each object class id called a succession true  , and more detailed managed object can be defined according to this tree as necessary ( See Figure 2 ) .
The tree generated in this manner is called Management Information Tree ( MIT ) .
The trend of demand changes and the capacity of existing facilities must be compared for each fixed distribution area – a basic management area - before deciding the expansion of subscriber line facilities .
The trunk cable is called inter - office junction cable instrument other words .
The trunk cable plant is one which connects central offices to each other instrument a multi - office area .
The trunk interface consists of the sync multiplex converter and a PCM converter .
The trunk like network near the telephone office and the branch - like network near subscriber are called feeder line systems and distribution system  , respectively .
The TSI switching matrix can be controlled by local operators or by a centralized operations system .
The TSM also measures and monitors the e . i . r . p of the reference burst transmitted by the reference station  , which is itself equipped with a TSM .
The two access methods used today are TDMA and FDMA .
The two B channels are used independent from each other and can transmit such digital information as voice signals  , facsimile images and data at a transfer rate of 64 kbps .
The two chrominance signals are respectively band - limited by a low - pass filter with an equal bandwidth of 1.3 MHz .
The two examples shown in Fig . 1.15 illustrate two cases of interference in which the electric filed strength in the lateral direction varies by 180 ° and 360 ° as shows in Fig . 1.14 .
The two polarized waves can be used in the microwave band at the same time  , so information with double the capacity can be transmitted with the same frequency band .
The two received signals converted into baseband signals are fed to the low - pass filters ( LP1 and LP2 ) to remove spurious waves .
The two specifications shown in Table 2 - 1 are compared according to the provision status of several ATM bearer services .
The two systems were unified into a standard system called AMPS ( Advanced Mobile Phone Service ) and introduced in cities throughout the U . S . starting with Chicago  , in October 1983 .
The TWT amplifier is used as a main component of the transponder of the satellite .
The TWT should be operated at a lower level than the saturation point in order to keep the intermodulation distortion below an acceptable level .
The type of switching systems available for communications include fully electronics switching systems mainly used for telephone services and data switching systems for transmitting data .
The types of attribute information to be defined by the GDMI include the following :
The types of F4 OAM flow are classified based on VCI values .
The types of operations are determined by specific wire circuit ( hardware ) and memorized programs ( software ) and these are called stored logic .
The types of paging signals are normally sent from several base stations .
The typical example of this was the SYNTRAN ( Synchronous Transmission at DS3 ) format that modified an existing DS3 signal frame into a synchronous signal was re - configured into a synchronous signal format having a frame cycle of 125us for easier circuit distribution .
The typical example using this system was Prelude developed by CNET of France and the Hitachi Switch of Japan at the end of 80 's .
The typical example was 101 type ESS  , a remotely controlled type PBX used in the U . S . A for special purposes since it was unsuitable for large capacity switching systems with its problems on call characteristics such as noise and crosstalk .
The typical examples of this structure include the starlite switch developed by AT &amp; T Bell Lab and sunshine switch developed by Bell Communication Research .
The typical ones are the concept of point - to - multipoint optical communication network  , the concept of internally synchronous system , the visibility of DSO , the concept of the first stage multiplexing , the simultaneous accommodation of multi hierarchical signals by controlling the number of container , the setup of 150 Mbps internal standard signal , and the sufficient utilization of the overhead .
The typical stored logic circuit is depicted in Fig.2.1 .
The typical switches are the bus - matrix switch  , which is a transformed switch , the knockout switch or the ISF switch in a fully interconnected way , the ATOM switch in the common media way , and the switch proposed by Imagawa .
The U . S . Advanced Mobile Phone Service ( AMPS ) which operates at 900 MHz and the NORDIC system which is a car phone system operating at 400 MHz in Norway  , Sweden , finland and Denmark .
The U . S . Air Forces initiated the research on this technology with the aim of securing highly reliable communications system capable of withstanding against enemy 's sudden attack .
The U . S . AMPS and the NORDIC system used in for Scandinavia countries use method ( 1 ) .
The ultimate purpose of constructing telephone plants is to offer good telecommunication service  , whose technical standards are in accordance with switching standard , transmission standards and stability standards .
The ultraviolet absorption loss shows a peak value in the vicinity of 0.1 m wavelength  , while the infrared absorption loss in the vicinity of 10 mm .
The unbalanced QPSK can be used appropriately when the data rate of two channels varies a great deal or the performance of two channels is different .
The under - water cable and the submarine cable have specially designed armored sheath .
The underground distribution system generally costs several times more than the aerial system in terms of initial costs .
The unique word detection timing is passed to the synchronization controller in order to provide a timing standard for processing the received bursts .
The unique word has four types of distinct patterns namely UW0  , UW1 , uw2 and UW3 .
The unique word has predetermined fixed patterns and is used for various purposes .
The unique word is used as a multiframe marker designating the beginning of a multiframe .
The unique word provides a timing standard to indicate the burst position .
The unit for C / N  , C / I and C / N - I is decibels ( dB ) , so the sum of noise and interference needs to be converted into a real number .
The unit of signals transmitted by level 2 is called a signal unit .
The unit of transfer for theses actions is called a PDU ( Protocol Data Unit )  , and SNMP regulates five kinds of PDU .
The unit pWOp is the expression for the psophometrically weighted noise power at the 0 ( zero ) relative level point in pico - watts  , or pW , i . e . 10 ^ - 12 watt .
The unit will be applicable to a area which has 100 or more subscribers demand .
The United States officially proposed the 50 Mbps class based on the existing SONET STS signal at the conference in Brazil in Febuary 1987  , and CEPT argued the necessity of 150 Mbps class that could accommodate both the North American - type and the European - type digital hierarchy .
The units of the frequency and wavelengths are listed in table 2.1 .
The up - link thermal noise is expressed in terms of the ratio of carrier power to noise power  , or C / N , defined at the input of satellite receiver .
The up and down swinging of the leaf on the water surface can be expressed as A cost .
The UPC function can distinguish clearly between those cells that observe the corresponding commitment in the specific connection and others that violate the commitment through the application of GCRA ( Generic Cell Rate Algorithm ) on each ATM connection .
The update and addition would be invoked by front - end commercial personnel  , by operation terminals either via operation personnel or service customers or by users through user interaction .
The uplink burst ( mobile - &gt; base station ) consist of preamble  , sync , word , control data user data and guard time .
The upper limit of the by space wave is about 30MHz except some special cases  , and space wave is used for the signal over VHF .
The upper portion of Table 5 - 1 are the services with the logic at the originating side  , while the lower portion are those at the terminating side .
The UPTNLR and the MSLR shall be configured such that the former can be indexed by UPTN and the later  , by MSI .
The UPTNLR stores service class information on various services corresponding to users and mobile - unit 's Mobile Station Identifiers ( MSIS ) currently used by users as users ' location information .
The usage and characteristics of some typical antennas by radio frequency in use are to be introduced . Also  , the main components of antenna such as feeder and matcher are to be mentioned .
The usage of data communication channel bytes are currently being considered at the CCITT .
The use of 2x2 optical switches saves an extra fiber pair and associated repeaters ( it any ) placed in the physically diverse protection route .
The use of a common transmission medium for analog signals is sometimes complicated because individual services require differing levels of quality .
The use of channel bandwidth is restricted in the narrow band digital modulation system and accordingly  , only error correction codes with low performance and redundancy can used , thus requiring Eb / No value that is higher than that of the CDMA system .
The use of connectors improved circuit quality by preventing determine - resistance fluctuation due to hand - twist splicing and stopping intermittent disconnection due to wire - surface oxidation .
The use of digital subscriber lines ( DSLs ) reduces the signaling costs associated with analog subscriber lines  , which helps offset the higher cost of a DSL and a Digital telephone .
The use of each overhead in this figure is as follows ; A1  , a2 are for frame arrangement bit , B1 , B2 , b3 are for old - even parity check , and C1 , c2 are for signal number , and D1 , d2 are for data communication channel and E1 , e2 are for order wires , and F1 , f2 are for the user channel , and G1 is for checking the path state , and H4 is for indicating multi - frame , j1 is for tracing the path , and K1 , k2 are for automatic protection switching , Z1 , z5 are spare overheads for other purpose .
The use of IC cards helps simplify the operation of registration  , call origination and termination , while at the same time it allows utilization of enhanced encryption systems for personal authentication and expected security improvement .
The use of PAT connectors ( Pair Transferable Splicing connectors : connectors to connect 10 - pair cable at a time ) is effective to prevent intermittent disconnection owing to manual handling of cable junctions .
The use of PEC cable is essential when using metallic cable with digital facilities .
The use of single channel per carrier ( SCPC ) circuit with demand assignment is more suitable than traditional  , when service is desired as soon as possible .
The use of standard closures can improve workability and reliability in cable sheath jointing .
The use of this measure will substantially remove the effects of regional differences on demand - forecast errors .
The used frequency is up to VHF  , UHF , and in the near future quasi - microwave ( 1 - 2GHz ) will be utilized .
The user does not need to be aware of the physical location of the data .
The USHR can be implemented according to the concept of 1 : 1 or 1 + 1 protection .
The usual regenerative repeater is a base band regenerative repeater  , which demodulates the received differentially phase modulated signals , regenerates by sampling the clock pulse and modulates the carrier by the regenerated signal pulses .
The utilization of existing asynchronous multi - frame structure .
The V - AMS acknowledges the subscriber data by using the CCS to refer to the H - AMS .
The V - AMS executes a loop test for the wire circuit to the MBS and if it is good notifies the MCU of that fact .
The V - AMS in form the calling party that the called party is being contracted .
The V - AMS that receives the location registration signal feeds the confirmation signal back to the mobile unit device and rewrites the area ID code in the mobile unit to the new value .
The V - AMS then determines the H - AMS to be accessed according to the mobile unit 's ID number and uses the No.7 CCSS ( common channel signaling system ) to transfer the location registration signal to that H - AMS .
The V - AMS then simultaneously outputs the mobile subscriber ID number for the called subscriber from all MBS that can be found form the LI in the subscriber data for the service area ( figure 8.7 ) .
The vacuum space in which radio waves propagate and there is no obstruction is called free space .
The value can be reduced to the optional value  , bit never wraps around ( When a certain value is reached , the value jumps to another special value . ) .
The value e can be obtained by equation ( 5.12 )  , which is specified in CCITT Recommendations G223 .
The value in brackets apply to the combination N / PAL used in Argentina .
The value is a positive integer and it has a regulated maximum value .
The value is a positive integer or real number and has both a maximum value and minimum value .
The value is placed in the value field established in the variable list .
The value is specified as 50  , 000 pWOp one - minute meam power not to exceed more than 0.3 % of any month , i . e . 2.16 hours a month .
The value of 10.000 pWOp is the steady state which should not exceed more than 20 % of any month  , or 114 hours a month .
The value of 43dB corresponds to the noise owner of 50  , 000 pWOp recommended by the CCIR .
The value of 50  , 000 pWOp is the objective when the quality of the circuit is degraded by the rainfall or wind .
The value of 500 pWOp is allocated to the intermodulation noise due to earth station HPA .
The value of 50dB corresponds to the noise level of 10  , 000 pWOp .
The value of a tide mark is related to it gauges .
The value of cell emission time ( T ) is the reversed value of cell rate contracted during the traffic contract and the value of tolerance ( t ) is given as CDVT .
The value of Dn initially set by calculating the propagation time for a traffic station attempting initial acquisition with knowledge of the satellite position in orbit .
The value of Dn is obtained for each traffic station by subtracting the propagation time both ways from this constant time .
The value of Dn is obtained from the reference station .
The value of Dn used at a traffic station is sent back to the reference station via the Service Channel .
The value of this term can be increased by minimxing A .
The value of this term can be increased by reducing the memory cycle time tc .
The values for link availability in Table 4 - 2 are assumed for a link from Tokyo to Osaka .
The values for link availability in Table 4.2 are assumed for a link from Tokyo to Osaka .
The variable bit rate is not included in Release 1 .
The various tests and maintenance work required during on - line service should be easy to perform .
The various types of traffic control and congestion control functions used by ATM networks are shown in Table 2 - 2 for comparison .
The VC - 32M CODEC can transmit not only a video signal but also a 15 KHz bandwidth voice signal for up to two channels .
The VCCs are classified into the control and data VCCs .
The version 3.0 of ATMF UNI specifications was issued in Jul . ' 93 and their version 3.1 established in Sep . ' 94 .
The vessel telephone communication was developed from radio telegram using medium high frequency band or deep - sea vassal in its early days .  , and the real vessel telephone system using VHF band was the Great Lakes 'vessel telephone system of American in 1925 .
The video signal frequency ranges from 20 Hz to 6 MHz .
The visibility of DS - O signal was done with 125ms unit .
The visited node ( V ) manages the radio zones in which the MS 's roam .
The VISTA system has been devised for communication of only one to several channels of analog voice by using an antenna with a diameter of 4 to meters in the C band .
The Viterbi algorithm or sequential decoding algorithm is often used to decode the convolution code .
The vocoder converts the digital voice signal into the telephone signal type of the standard PCM with the velocity of 64 kbps  , the analog type , or of other standard types .
The vocoder output is sent to MSC by using common telephone lines or microwave facilities .
The voice of a mobile user transferred from the mobile unit to base station passes through the digital vocoder .
The voice of a talker reaches the exchange at the listener side via the satellite  , and a part of the voice signal reflected ( leakage ) at the hybrid circuit in the exchange is sent back to the talker through the circuit in the reverse direction .
The voice of the called party is applied through the both - way circuit and sent out through sub - network B to the incoming circuit .
The voice of the calling party is passed through sub - network A and switched through the both - way circuit .
The voice orderwire section consists of 32 symbols .
The voice signal from PSTN to mobile unit is input to the vocoder via switching system .
The voice signal is conveyed between two mobile station in the form of VSELP code to maintain good speech quality despite double coding / decoding .
The voice signal is sampled at a 32 KHz rate  , and encoded into a 14 bit linear PCM code , this code is converted into an 11 - bit code by non - linear PCM coding , 1 parity check bit is added and the coded signal is then transmitted .
The voice signal is transmitted on the speech channel using narrow - band analog frequency modulation  , which involves base band signal processing , such as emphasis and compounding .
The voice signal of channel 1 is sampled at times t1  , t2 and so on .
The VS algorithm is illustrated in Figure 2 - 3 ( b ) .
The VSAT is a very small earth station having an antenna of about 1 m in diameter and a transmitter of several watts .
The VSAT system is used for corporate many branches all over the country and wide – area VAN service .
The VSATs distribute mainly low - speed data ( such as data of 9600bps to 64Kbps ) from the hub station ( usually standard - B earth stations ) .
The Walsh function made up of 64 PN code chips represent 64 different orthogonal codes and due to othognality  , the signals of several paths , sent from the base station can be isolated almost completely .
The wanted diffusion signal ( b ) is despreaded within 10 KHz band but it is sharing with wanted signal in ( d ) and unnecessary diffused signal  , the distribution of their strength ( electric power ) remains as some noise strength in the 10 Khz bandwidth like ( d ) , so the ( C / I ) of hoping signal ( C ) becomes good as much as diffusion gain ( 128 times ) .
The waveform of p ( t ) is shown in Figure 2 - 16 .
The waveform offset method is used for the 1200bps system .
The wavelength having a range of 1.5mm - 1.6mm is currently under development .
The wavelength in the range of 1.5mm experiences the lowest loss .
The waves sent from satellites and Earth stations are affected by the ionosphere when their frequencies are low and are affected by the rainfall as their frequency increases .
The way light propagates in these various optical fibers are shown in Fig .1.16 .
The way of fusion include the use of arc discharge  , laser , flame , etc , .
The way the charge is measured is very different from that in a fixed network .
The ways in which control for car phones differs are described below .
The ways of connecting optical fibers are roughly divided into two  , one is to permanently splice them by fusion using arc discharge , etc , and the other is the use of connectors allowing easy connection , disconnection .
The ways to correct these errors can be roughly divided into two .
The ways to protect optical fibers from external force are basically classified into two .
The weaknesses of the former are that hardware are complicated and additional cell transmission delay is accompanied whereas the disadvantage of the later is complicated control since the copying and switching function must be carried out at the same time .
The West German system is an original one utilizing 450 MHz and is called C - 450 .
The whole communication network is not actually synchronized  , but highly stable clocks are provided in all the digital switches so as to produce a nearly synchronous condition .
The whole service supported by an ISDN is designated the telecom munication service  , which can roughly be divided into the bearer service and tele – service .
The wide - angle radiation pattern is the gain characteristic defined in directions away from the boresight by 1 degree or more ; it is also called the sidelobe characteristic .
The width of this frequency is called the bandwidth .
The wire diameter of aerial cables used in the service area of a telephone office must simultaneously satisfy line - loss and de - resistance the transmission quality specified by office dictates .
The wire diameters are calculated for each cable in a fixed distribution area according to individual cable length supports the fastest subscriber in the area .
The wire diameters of branch cables are calculated when necessary .
The wire diameters of branch cables are calculated when necessary .
The wired logic is a method of combining relays  , contact point circuits or electronic gates and then , wiring the logic operation required for system set - up .
The wires are referred to as an extra capacity for demand changes .
The word Coherence is often used to indicate the degree of light interference .
The word optical fiber means a thin fiber which leads light and the fiber consists of two different transparent dielectric substance ( substances without electric conductivity  , such as glass or plastics ) .
The work on SCF - SDF interface is continuously carried out in strong collaboration with ITU - T SG7 and the will be finalized in January 1995 .
The working and protection OLTMs in the 1 : 1 and 1 + 1 APS architectures may be separate or integrated as a unit duplicated electronics sharing a common unit .
The world has entered the age of digital mobile communications .
The World War II was a tuning point in radio communication .
The worst bit error rate under degradation due to rainfall is stipulated as 10 ^ - 13 .
The writing of data into and the reading out of data from the time switch are executed by the time slot counter and control store respectively .
The wrong sequence is corrected and dually received packet is removed .
The WS ( Work - Station ) executes WSF and shows the management information of TMN to the users or makes the inputting and the controlling of information desired by the users possible .
The WS ( Work - Station ) executes WSF and shows the management information of TMN to users or make the inputting and the controlling of information desired by the users possible .
The WSF ( Work - Station Function ) block interprets TMN information to the management information users .
The X interface is located between two TMNs or between management systems having management functions such as OSF and it is used to request the security function .
The zone which both direct wave and space wave can not reach is called skip zone .
Their capacities have conventionally been increased by reducing their bit rates  , bit developments have also been made in modulation techniques and wireless access methods , so there is an atmosphere that further reductions in bit rate are not so important .
Their cost will drop considerably as new technology is successfully developed .
Their use are determined according to multiplexing formats .
Then  , the chrominance sub - carrier is modulated with the chrominance signals in a balanced modulator .
Then  , they can copy with a new requirement which claims new building blocks .
Then  , 64 coefficients ( weighting processed ) coming from the receiver of each antenna are added with each other .
Then  , a simple modulation communications system utilizing lighthouses and beacons came into existence , .
Then  , a transportable unit ( 1000 cc ) , a hand - hand - held unit of compact model ( 150 cc ) were introduced in 1986 , 1987 , and 1991 , respectively .
Then  , assignment control is performed to assign active input terrestrial channels to satellite channels .
Then  , based on this , the receive multiframe and frame are determined .
Then  , bisdn internal transmission signal is formed by ATDM with other ATM cells .
Then  , call X is connected to the second channel of output line 1 when the time division gate G22 is opened / closed during the second phase pulse P2 .
Then  , ccitt was reorganized into ITU - T , an organization responsible for solving problems such as signaling systems , interworking with the existing network , traffic control , etc . ATM relevant standards recommended by IUT - T are summarized in Table 1 - 1 .
Then  , cells that are taken out from the output queue sequentially are demultiplexed and then , converted into the serial / parallel state and then , sent out via an output link .
Then  , demand for mutual application of unique computer resources , such as various programs and data , increase .
Then  , each VPC ( VCC ) end point regards the case in which no cells have been received during Tr time ( Tr &lt; 2Ts ) as faults and then , sends the VP - RDI ( VC - RDI ) to the upward direction .
Then  , in both cases , the fourth row is reserved for the pointer .
Then  , in July of 19B6 , ITU - T started to standardize network node interface ( UNI ) , separately from the standardization of user network interface of BISDN .
Then  , in the other 15 time slots following the 17th time slot writing is performed at the assigned address .
Then  , numeral m ( = 1 , 2 , 3 , 4 ) attached on each signal unit indicated that each bit rate of relevant signal unit corresponds with DS - m class .
Then  , on the next frame , record a new address that has been decreased by 1 respective to the previously recorded address onto a 10 bit pointer in order to carry out negative justification .
Then  , once f0 is determined , refraction angle f is determined in accordance with the Snell Law and the penetration angle on the boundary plane of the core and cladding becomes f .
Then  , SGMP ( Simple Gateway monitoring Protocol ) was developed .
Then  , signals that have been synchronized as has been discussed are multiplexed by the bit unit .
Then  , the ATM switching structure having the point - to - point functions and multiple point functions without a separate copying network has been reviewed actively .
Then  , the electric signal coming from the optical detector is changed into intermediate frequency band .
Then  , the micro controller determines the rate of signals sent base on the code tolerance rate measured by the decoder and the results of CRC inspection .
Then  , the microwave carrier is frequency modulated by this base band signal and is transmitted to the satellite transmission path .
Then  , the PCM voice signal and the original digital signals such as data are multiplexed by TDM ( Time Division Multiplex ) .
Then  , the phase velocity Vp of electronic wave at low frequency is obtained using the following equation .
Then  , the quality of receive signal is improved by combining the diversity of the two signals received ( the transmit data of the both base stations are the same ) .
Then  , the SORMF and SORF are determined in compliance with the primary reference burst .
Then  , the switching system selects a set of trunk lines toward the terminating office and then , selects one idle line among them .
Then  , the time slot of subscriber B is switched to the receiving path of subscriber A .
Then  , the voice of subscriber A ( time slot # 3 ) on highway 11 is transferred on highway 22 where subscriber B is accommodated by means of the space switch .
Then  , these voice channels are grouped according to destinations by a channel distributor .
Then  , they are sent to the routing part and then , cells not selected are stored on the re - circulating buffer and then , processed first during the next cell exchanging time .
Then  , those in the two media whose refractive indexes are n1 and n2 respectively are V / n1 and V / n2 .
Then  , voice signals are recovered by the low pass filler for recovery .
Then  , we will make an overview of the interface between the TDMA system and terrestrial communication network .
Then  , when cell enter with different output port addresses , the path configuration between input / output is impossible due to the lack of the access link of switch elements or buffer capacity .
Then a twelfth channels was added at 450 MHz system was initiated in 1969 .
Then calculation of C / N can allow for interference noise ( 1 )  , as described below .
Then IF signal in a 140MHz band is converted up to an RF signal in a 6GHz or 14GHz band by an up converter .
Then node B relays this frame to the transmission line .
Then signal B 'stored at address # 2 is read out at time slot T1 and transferred tot the outgoing highway .
Then the destination station is activated and the address number from the calling party is out putted .
Then the frequency is lowered to the second intermediate frequency  , amplified , and modulated .
Then the method of mapping the hierarchical signals to VT1  , vt2 is same as the method of mapping each hierarchical signals to VC - 11 , VC - 12 , and the method of mapping DS - 1 to VT3 shall make the use of mapping according to the positive , zero , negative justification .
Then the optical demultiplexer ( D ) separates and receives it .
Then the receive frame with a period of 2msec is determined from the SORMF by using the clock of the traffic station .
Then the samples contain all of the information of the original message .
Then the satellite channel specified in the assignment message is connected to the output terrestrial channel found by the map .
Then the traffic station sends the Ready to Change message using the Service Channel of its own bursts back to the reference station that it has completed preparations for change .
Then the traffic station transmits a Short Burst consisting only of a preamble at a timing after SOTF with a given delay Bi .
Then uniformly processed it by computer and returned the results from the computer after transaction data was generated .
Then we can use both LAN system and ISDN system with only one equipment .
Then we introduced the CH AIS in the same manner for this purpose  , and these AIS are detected in the circuit terminating equipment and then reported to the switching system by TNR signal .
There are  , however , more complex cases foreseen .
There are 15 forward directed signals in Group I and 15 of them in Group II .
There are 2.6 / 9.5mm standard coaxial cable and 1.2 / 4.4mm micro coaxial cable in the interior and exterior dimension in use for today .
There are 24 rectangular crosspoint arrays in association with 24 - multiplexing .
There are 30 time sots for voice transmission  , one time sots for frame alignment , one time sots for signaling transmissions .
There are a minimum number of management functions and complicated operations .
There are a number of terms used in SS No.7 literature that should be understood before we proceed further :
There are about 50 operations needed in the mobile communications system .
There are ALOHA  , ICMA ( Idle signal Casting Multiple Access ) , and CSMA ( Carrier Sending Multiple Access ) .
There are derived basically from the requirements of services targeted for CS - 1 and from the constraints of existing switch capabilities .
There are EFCN ( Explicit Forward Congestion Notification ) and EBCN ( Explicit Backward Congestion Notification ) in feedback control .
There are five different phase offsets that are distributed among the base stations .
There are four ways in which circuits for satellite communication can interfere with each other  , as shown in Fig 4.15 :
There are intramode dispersion that occurs in one mode and mode dispersion that occurs between modes .
There are linear DM or LDM which is fixed the step size  , adaptable DM or ADM which is changing the step size in DM . LDM is good performance about the bit rate more than 60 Kbs , 90 - 100 Kbps ADM is good in 16 - 32 Kbps .
There are many causes which give attenuation and distortion to radio signals transmitted from an earth station and arriving at another earth station via satellite .
There are many issues still to be resolved concerning IN .
There are many mechanisms proposed in this context on low to provide services without any interruption and these should be properly implemented .
There are many types of SCE products being provided in the market .
There are no general mechanism identified to resolve service interactions .
There are no options for the protocol itself  , so basic interconnection is guaranteed .
There are not any other regular allocated polygonal cell shapes except the above shape .
There are not enough maintenance engineers with adequate technical expertise .
There are not enough network designers with adequate technical expertise .
There are one management system ( Manager ) and multiple managed systems ( Agents ) in the network .
There are seven segments on each of the positive and negative sides .
There are several stages in network planning flow  , basic study for network planning , need identification strategic planning and implementation planning .
There are some errors between the tow signals in terms of the amplitude magnitude .
There are some problems in this scheme on how the original data in SMS are updated and how to recover form the failure during the synchronization process .
There are square  , circular , and flexible waveguides .
There are systems for using FM - subcarriers  , uniting local systems , using a satellite at the lien , etc .
There are systems that identify sites by database name ( Chart time )  , or combine the above systems .
There are taxi radio communication  , paging system and MCA ( TRS ) .
There are three color television systems existing in the world ( see Table ) ; Japan has adopted the NTSC ( National Television System Committee ) system .
There are three ITU regions ; Japan lies in Region 3 .
There are three kind of method as following ( fig .2.43 ) to cover the area without vacancy by the sane size polygonal shape .
There are three kinds of transmission distortion  , attenuation distortion , phase distortion and non - linear distortion .
There are three types of independent digital hierarchies ( digital multiplexing ranks ) as transmission line interfaces  , such as proposing a miltiplex structure that can handle all these existing hierarchies equally , led to a new synchronous interface for network being internationally standardized under the name SDH .
There are three types of low - noise amplifiers ; one is the parametric amplifier ; the other two use GaAsFET of HEMT as and amplifying device .
There are three types of signal unit : The message signal unit ( MSU ) which sends control data  , the link status signal unit ( LSSU ) which sends link status data and the fill – in signal unit ( FISU ) which sends a fill – in signal where there is no MSU or LSSU to be sent .
There are time division multiplex switches for multiplexing calls based on time and frequency division multiplex switches for multiplexing calls based on frequency .
There are two cases in which a terrestrial microwave circuit interferes with a satellite system ( see fig 2.19 ) .
There are two cases of measuring the timing error of the looped back burst : in one case  , the station which transmitted the burst measures it ; in the other , the reference station measures it and informs the station which transmitted the burst of the result via the satellite .
There are two different methods for transmission of the sound program signal associated with the video signals .
There are two information sources that an analog information source continuously following the change of other physical quality indicating the information with the characteristic quality as like a voice  , image signal and a digital information source is discrete signal indicating the information by group of discrete value defined the characteristic quality by accurate time relation as like a data signal .
There are two kinds of antenna radiation patterns : near - axis radiation pattern and wide - angle radiation pattern .
There are two kinds of synchronization : bit synchronization and frame synchronization .
There are two noises of the transmission system that a thermal noise is generated from the input level of repeater and bilinear distortion noise is generated from the distortion of repeater and output level .
There are two possible ways achieve these capacity increase  , i . E . , simply adding new cables that correspond to the capacity increase ( plan A ) , and consolidating existing and additional capacities into a single multiple - pair cable after removing existing cables ( plan B ) .
There are two types of data in this context  , one type not requiring real - time synchronization and the other requiring it as shown in Fig 7 - 2 .
There are two types of data transfer  , connection and connectionless .
There are two types of mobility in terms of mobile communications  , terminal mobility and personal mobility .
There are two types of polarized radio waves used for satellite communications : linearly and circularly polarized waves .
There are two types of satellites : orbiting and stationary .
There are two types of sub - bursts namely DSI and DNI sub - bursts .
There are two types of television transmission .
There are V - Series and X - Series recommendations for Physical Layer protocols  , with RS - 232C regulating the connector format , pin array and electrical properties between DTE / DCE .
There are various agreements for the execution of communication .
There are various applicable types in exponential modulation though  , only frequency modulation and phase modulation turned out practical .
There are various problems related to radio - wave propagation in satellite communications  , since the transmission and reception of waves are performed between a ground station and a communications satellite far away in space .
There are various propagation paths when the radio wave is transmitted from the transmitting antenna to the receiving antenna .
There are various relay systems  , such as the regenerative relay system and heterodyne system .
There are various shapes of antennas as shown in fig 4.2  , and antenna characteristics are closely related to the radio wavelength used .
There are various types of aerial cable such as CCP - AP ( SS and round types )  , CCP - CS , CCP - HS and CCP - ES types .
There are various types of systems  , such as 2ch , 3ch , 6ch and 12ch .
There exist infinite odd - symmetrical frequency characteristics which are to be added to the ideal low - pass filter characteristics .
There exist PC ( Priority Control )  , TS ( Traffic Shaping ) and UPC ( Usage Parameters Control ) functions in cell level control .
There happens a significant degradation in the forward link in a certain area  , and if the transmit power is not increased ; speed quality of calls through this link degrades below the quality criteria .
There is a function for controlling the transmission power level according to the propagation loss  , which changes with the distance between the mobile station and the base station , and a function which changes the radio channel when there is interference .
There is a idle slot in addition to transmitting and receiving slot in TDMA .
There is a important modulation that is  , called 2 - level DPCM delta modulation which has a bit quantizer .
There is a limit to the amount of frequency resources which can be used for mobile communication  , there for the effective utilization of the radio frequency is the most important factor in offering the service to as many subscribers as possible .
There is a phase compensation signal in Reserve Signal 1 - 4 be shown in Fig.9.8 .
There is a portion marked International Television Connection .
There is a space switch between the primary and secondary time switches .
There is also ground noise which is generated during wave propagation .
There is also the problem that older transactions are rolled back .
There is another measure of intermodulation suppression  , which is called a linearizer .
There is leakage of spurious radiation from the antenna to the local oscillator because the local oscillator frequency is virtually the same as the receiving frequency .
There is likely to be a potential problem in rural network  , shown in Fig.5.8 .
There is no difference from output buffer type in performance .
There is not accumulation of noise and interference of the kind experienced in analog transmission systems .
There is NTSC ( National Television System Committee ) .
There may also be cases where other companies ' cable casting  , CATV , and traffic signals must be installed on shared - use poles .
There may be obstructions between a base station and a mobile station  , and generally , the changes in the receive electrical field strength are complicated due to loss , reflection , scattering , or diffraction due to geography and buildings .
There must be a systematized common base that does not depend on specific equipment or software in order for OSI standardization work to advance smoothly and efficiently for different types of interconnection .
There three modules of new synchronous transmission equipment were developed under the same design concepts .
There three types of signal must therefore be taken carefully into consideration when planning the provision of call services  , in addition , when dialing is involved in transmission control , the associated signals may be transmitted before channel allocation through the mutual control channels ( transmission control channels ) .
There types of services  , customization , service control , and service monitoring are currently studied .
Thereafter  , the SONET standardization activities were smoothly proceeded mainly by the working - level committee of T1X1 , and came to some agreement of even fairly detailed standard .
Therefore  , a quarter line offset is adopted in the PAL system for avoiding this problem .
Therefore  , a transmission bit rate more than 20 - 70 Mbits / s is required for transmitting 4 MHz bandwidth television signals in PCM code .
Therefore  , an association which is a logical connection between SLPI and SDF is established for each pair of SLPI and SDF .
Therefore  , data such as SLP selection data and SCF directory , which are accessed before the execution of an SLP instance , are not included in the SDF handling data .
Therefore  , each DP is called either TDP - R , TDP - N , EDP - R or EDP - N for each call .
Therefore  , even if the protocol of the ( n + 1 ) th layer is changed , it will not influence the nth layer or others .
Therefore  , gateway SCF function would be needed in the public network in this type of access .
Therefore  , if the chrominance frequency is chosen as an odd multiple of half of the horizontal scanning frequency , as in the NTSC system , the sub - carrier come into phase between neighboring scans and accordingly a vertical strip pattern appears on the screen .
Therefore  , information elements such as bearer capability and channel identification which correspond to service attributes are inserted into the individual information element part as mandatory information elements to be conveyed by the message .
Therefore  , it is important to know the function of the various parts of the television signal and the relation between the signal waveform and its regenerated picture .
Therefore  , it is necessary , in the translation of a picture into an electrical signal , that the picture scanned in some systematic manner so that the large amount of luminance information , representing the picture , be obtained over a period of time .
Therefore  , it is possible to compress information greatly using certain data compression techniques making use of digital signal processing .
Therefore  , it is provided with various error control functions which are unavailable in the D – channel protocol .
Therefore  , it was decided to start refining the CS - 1 by ITU - T SG11 / Question 6 in 1993 .
Therefore  , new service concepts and specifications , which are quite different from the conventional ones , are required to define ISDN services .
Therefore  , several kinds of quantizing characteristics and code table with different code lengths were prepared and changed according to the buffer memory occupancy .
Therefore  , the brightness of the dots is equalized visually by the time integration effect , and as a result the effects becomes less significant .
Therefore  , the chrominance sub - carrier is determined in such a manner that the frequency spectrum of the chrominance signal is distributed at frequencies where the monochrome television spectrum is weak .
Therefore  , the color signal must contain three kinds of information .
Therefore  , the following two methods are employed to prevent channel errors .
Therefore  , the major functions of the LAPD comprise the detection of errors such as transfer error and format error and the recovery of error .
Therefore  , the numbering plan of an ISDN is based on the numbering system of the existing telephone networks .
Therefore  , the signal EU can be subjected to synchronizing signal detection but at the output of the subtractor it is necessary to invert the phase of the reference sub - carrier signal to obtain the phase - inverted signal EV .
Therefore  , this feature interaction problem will be constrained within single - vendor domains in CS - 1 and will not require multi - vendor standards .
Therefore  , this interface may be a proprietary one depending on each manufacture .
Therefore  , when multiple terminals are connected to one subscriber 's line , a sub – address which allows these multiple terminals to be discriminated from each other may be added to the end of the ISDN number .
Therefore  , your inputs or comments are quite welcome to make this text always useful and up - to - date .
Therefore  , ( 1 ) antenna with a high gain , ( 2 ) high power transmission , and ( 3 ) low – noise reception techniques are required .
Therefore  , 32 dummy bits are added to the 96 bits corresponding to four code blocks .
Therefore  , a low - level pseudo random noise is added to output terrestrial channels which are not connected with any satellite channel in order to keep the conversation natural .
Therefore  , a network can be constructed in a shorter period than it can with land mobile communication system in which many base stations are needed .
Therefore  , a reference station is provided for emitting a reference signal .
Therefore  , a satellite mobile communication system is suitable for places that do not have a fixed network and where the communication demands are light .
Therefore  , an important attribute of an SHR is that , if the ring is broken at any given - point , the transmission direction for signals can be reverse to prevent loss of service .
Therefore  , an optimum back - off has to be searched for to obtain the minimum overall noise power by making a trade - off study between the down - link C / T and intermodulation C / T .
Therefore  , analog interface circuits such as analog subscriber circuits or analog truck line circuits are major part of the digital switching systems .
Therefore  , analog signals such as voice signals are first converted to digital signals by PCM coding .
Therefore  , areas subject to expansion work should be decided with comprehensive consideration given to various factors such as the amount of initial investment , measures to be taken when a capacity increase is needed , expected time for the next expansion work and possible effects on local residents .
Therefore  , as shown in figure 6.14 , the IEEE has separately regulated the data link layer into two sublayers , a Logical Link Control ( LLC ) sublayer and a Medium Access Control ( MAC ) sublayer .
Therefore  , at the time of time slot Tn , signal A is switched from No.1 incoming highway to No . m outgoing highway .
Therefore  , because multi - stage relay switching is possible using this switch a new communications network can be set up easily through the utilization of this switch .
Therefore  , before loaded cable appeared , cables were not suitable for long distance circuits .
Therefore  , burst synchronization is achieved by feedback closed loop synchronization following the control of the reference stations located in the opposite area covered by the other zone beam .
Therefore  , by extending the interval of regenerator and enabling the high density WDM , the coherent optical communication has tremendous transmission capability of Tbps .
Therefore  , by using a special tool ( a fiber cutter ) as shown in Fig . 1.29 ( b ) which utilizes the principle of a glass cutter , it shallowly cleaves the fiber with a cutter blade and lends the fiber to cut obtaining a smooth cut surface as shown in Fig . 1.29 ( c ) .
Therefore  , care should be taken not to immerse optical fibers in use in the water .
Therefore  , carrier recovery and bit timing recovery is required for every burst .
Therefore  , changes of channel assignment in FDMA require changes in hard - ware .
Therefore  , co - channel interference may increase and some links cannot always meet the criteria for bit error rate .
Therefore  , communication is not possible in the shadow of buildings , in tunnels , underground or under bridges .
Therefore  , control is necessary to make the Earth station antenna track a satellite .
Therefore  , conversion by transmultiplexer calls for a smaller amount of equipment because breakdown to voice channel level is not necessary in this method .
Therefore  , correct reception can be continued at any station only by applying the new Burst Time Plan on and after this timing , in this manner Burst Time Plan change can be simultaneously performed at all stations without interruption operation .
Therefore  , currently , the common marker system is used more widely .
Therefore  , deadlocks must be detected immediately and canceled .
Therefore  , decoding cannot be achieve on the receive side .
Therefore  , degradation in signal quality is hardly perceived .
Therefore  , demand may deviate from predictions in some areas .
Therefore  , during the actual implementation , the memory is set up in parallel bit slice method in order to overcome memory processing speed limit .
Therefore  , each traffic station has to perform burst synchronization to maintain its burst within a nominal position in the TDMA frame .
Therefore  , extra cable lines must be included in the line - facilities to handle such forecast errors .
Therefore  , facilities management organization must be improved more than ever before at the central office .
Therefore  , figure , tables and empirical formulate that statistically arrange a huge a mount of laboratory values are used .
Therefore  , for any traffic station , the propagation time both ways plus the transmit delay Dn comes to an identical constant time that is multiple of 32msec , the length of one multiframe .
Therefore  , for large - capacity transmission systems needing wide transmission band characteristics , single - mode optical fibers are used , which eliminate mode dispersion by limiting the propagation mode to only one .
Therefore  , for single mode fibers , the operating wavelength is chosen so that the effects of the material dispersion can be canceled out by that of the structural dispersion ( zero dispersion wavelength ) , and various arrangements are made in the structural design of fibers .
Therefore  , for the proper use of the laser diode , an output stabilization circuit is required .
Therefore  , for the space switch network , a multi - stage array can be used .
Therefore  , full consideration must be given to demand trends in adjacent fixed distribution areas as well as to those in the fixed distribution area in question when establishing underground feeder points .
Therefore  , G / T is proportional to the signal - to - noise power ratio of the carrier with a certain bandwidth .
Therefore  , if input terrestrial channels to some destinations with low traffic demand are combined and applied into one DSI module , the number of input terrestrial channels per module becomes larger an hence the DSI gain can be increased .
Therefore  , if the starting position of a signal is not the same at the send and receive sides , the information expressed by the signal can not be correctly conveyed .
Therefore  , if transmission lines are assigned only to parties actually speaking , it is then possible to transmit voice signals of more than one party on one transmission line .
Therefore  , in addition to the wave attenuation , an increase in noise due to rainfall must be taken into account in designing circuits .
Therefore  , in case of STM - 1 , various intermediate signal units such as C , VC , TU , shall be set up , and the systematic synchronous multiplexing procedure as figure is necessary .
Therefore  , in designing expansion , design engineers must choose either to install additional cables or to consolidate existing and newly required capacities into tree or fewer cables .
Therefore  , in designing optical fiber communication systems , consideration is given to keeping bending radii larger than a certain allowable limit , for example , 40 mm .
Therefore  , in Japan , waves within the radio window cannot be used almost anywhere .
Therefore  , in many applications , the use of intensity modulation method is likely to continue .
Therefore  , in one control frame consisting of 32 multiframes , the reference station can transmit Dn to at most 31 stations .
Therefore  , in order to accomplish time slot interchange for n channels it is necessary to achieve access 2n times per frame , that is , 2n times in a period of 125us .
Therefore  , in order to design the lines properly for each area , designers must collect external materials and survey field conditions , take measures against negative factors such as inductive disturbances , galvanic corrosion , vibration and creep phenomenon , and for areas with possible earthquakes , heavy rain , floods , tidal waves , storms and heavy snowfalls , measures to prevent damages from such disasters .
Therefore  , in principle , the mechanical operation as well as the opening / closing of the contact points can be carried out faster .
Therefore  , in some cases , the number of active input terrestrial channels may be larger than the number of available satellite channels .
Therefore  , in the case of multi - mode optical fibers , the transmission bandwidth is limited almost solely by the mode dispersion , and the wavelength dispersion gives little effect .
Therefore  , in the case of u - law , pcm words are set up as follows ( 8 bits ) .
Therefore  , in the explanation of SDH , it can be regarded as including the explanation of SONET .
Therefore  , in the FD cabinet , the feeder cable is terminated at a receptacle and the distribution cable is provided with jumper wires with connectors already attached in view of the following :
Therefore  , in the research activities carried out on the copying network of the former , the emphasis is pressed on the simplification of duplication function algorithm and the simplification of hardware whereas in the case of later , the research is mainly carried out on the switch structure of output buffer type or shared buffer type ( See the classification by the buffer location on the lower part ) .
Therefore  , in these satellite channels , the number of bits per sample is one bit less than the 8 bits in normal satellite channels .
Therefore  , in this method , the TDMA traffic station and terrestrial network connected to it are synchronized with the reference station as a slave .
Therefore  , installation of earth stations at a distance of about several dozen kilometers from each other and interconnection by ground communication circuit to can counteract rainfall .
Therefore  , INTELSAT DSI modules can also be used for transmission of data signals which are not suitable for speech interpolation .
Therefore  , interconnection of different makers systems requires a protocol that fits each system .
Therefore  , is facilities are expanded as forecasted demand requires , demand is satisfied in 59 % of the cases , but not the remaining 41 % .
Therefore  , it basically provides the narrow - band services such as telephone , data terminal , facsimile , and , typewriting , remote meter reading , teletex , videotex , and E - mail .
Therefore  , it is capable of sending information hundred times as much as the step index optical fiber .
Therefore  , it is necessary for the clock equipment at each off ice to receive a reference clock for the digital clock supply equipment installed at an upper - ranking office , and switching operations must be performed in synchronization with the reference clock .
Therefore  , it is necessary to adjust the value of Dn in accordance with the change of the propagation time .
Therefore  , it is necessary to have procedures for detection of collision and resending of signals .
Therefore  , it is necessary to investigate how much saturation power is required for TWT to give enough back - off for reducing the intermodulation noise to as low a level as possible .
Therefore  , it is necessary to match input impedance of antenna to feeder line , and it is desirable to design antenna itself to match to feeder line .
Therefore  , it is necessary to perform burst synchronization even in the steady - state condition so as to maintain the transmitted burst within the given time slot .
Therefore  , it is necessary to set a definition for each managed object that provides the same properties , such as attribute / event / action , in the management information .
Therefore  , it is necessary to take countermeasures against failure , such as setting up bypass and loop back functions .
Therefore  , it is not too much to say that transmission engineering development has led the development of communication of these in this chapter , analog transmission and digital transmission will be described .
Therefore  , it is possible to integrate various BISDN services of different features by using ATM .
Therefore  , it is possible to operate the TWTA efficiently near the saturation point without intermodulation .
Therefore  , it is very important to measure the condition of the planets , tropasphere and ionospheric layer and to forecast the route of radio wave and the possibility of communications on the basis of the abundant data of the past .
Therefore  , it must be given full consideration during circuit design .
Therefore  , it realizes the optical frequency division multiplexing .
Therefore  , it takes about 1 second to complete the whole sequency of the countdown .
Therefore  , it will be more than likely to be upgraded into high - level hierarchy signals .
Therefore  , land mobile communication system are more effective than satellite mobile communication system in the center of Metropolis .
Therefore  , multiplexing by n can be interpreted as being an operation for converting the transmission speed into a speed n times the initial transmission speed .
Therefore  , non - branched wire distribution is applied only to newly installed lines , since they require no conversion cost .
Therefore  , on the boundary surface , the electric field strength must become null due to interference between the incident and reflected light .
Therefore  , one block of the code consists of 128 bits of which 112 bits are information bits .
Therefore  , one multiframe is required for transmitting one CDC message consisting of 32 bits .
Therefore  , one Service Channel message consisting of 32 bits is transmitted using the full capacity of the Service Channel with 8 symbols for 16 TDMA frames namely for one multiframe .
Therefore  , one TDMA frame of each satellite transponder contains two reference bursts , one from the primary reference station and the other from the secondary reference station .
Therefore  , only the improvement on crystal clock sources in the transmission devices and line stability was a matter to be concerned .
Therefore  , open loop synchronization is applied to initial acquisition .
Therefore  , parabola antenna gain ( G ) is often expressed as a function of parabolic diameter ( D ) , as shown in Fig 4.10 , and described by equation 4.3 .
Therefore  , pcm signals of 96 and 120 channels are multiplexed in 6.312 Mbit / s and 8.448Mbit / s seconds - order group signals , respectively .
Therefore  , plans should be sufficiently flexible that they can absorb any small forecasting errors .
Therefore  , pulse width and bandwidth are the important parameter to be considered in pulse transmission .
Therefore  , relatively low frequencies are mostly used for radio broadcasting that must be received by many receivers easily .
Therefore  , satellite power cannot be used adequately .
Therefore  , short waves are reflected over the ionosphere and the ground surface repeatedly , thus they can be propagated to a distance .
Therefore  , signals transmitted from each earth station are in the form of bursts with a period equal to one TDMA frame .
Therefore  , special considerations should be made to prevent cable sheath trouble .
Therefore  , station 1 has the earliest SORMF and station n has the latest SORMF .
Therefore  , STM - 1 , a basic signal of synchronous digital hierarchy , has a size of 9B x 270 .
Therefore  , subscriber line facilities generally take a two - dimensional configuration . Usually , subscriber line networks take trunk - like shapes in the neighborhood of telephone offices and broken - like shapes in areas near subscribers , forming tree - like shapes .
Therefore  , subscriber line networks must be upgraded to handle new services flexibly .
Therefore  , such places should be avoided , or an appropriate device should be used to protect the cable from stray currents .
Therefore  , technologies such as those used for receiving weak signals sent from a satellite , transmitting high - power signals to a satellite and coping with the delay caused by long - distance propagation , are required ( Fig 2.21 ) .
Therefore  , the add - drop connection and cross - connection are convenient because all signals are processed with the unit of box 's number .
Therefore  , the application of DSI to TDMA is quite easy .
Therefore  , the blocking of traffic , generated due to the busy state , can be kept at the minimum level for higher efficiency .
Therefore  , the calculation of S / N ratio according to the transmission can be done as following . &lt; Fig.2.25 &gt; shows these relations .
Therefore  , the CDMA cellular system uses the channels of one frequency bandwidth in a corresponding service area and then , is allocated with additional channels for use as the demand is increased .
Therefore  , the code transmission that corresponds to the dual value of light presence and non - presence in the light emitting element is appropriate .
Therefore  , the communication plant should be constructed at a safe distance from power lines or protected with adequate devices .
Therefore  , the concepts of BISDN are similar to those of ISND .
Therefore  , the description compliant with ITU - T regulations will be explained in the followings .
Therefore  , the digital IF signal is processed by the data receiver like in the case of the mobile unit .
Therefore  , the ECLRAM which provides excellent performance as a high - speed device is employed for time switches required to have a high degree of multiplexing .
Therefore  , the following two points must be considered when designing the up link circuit from the earth station to the satellite .
Therefore  , the HF band radio transmissions can be repeatedly reflected between the ionosphere and the earth , and can be propagated very far .
Therefore  , the longer the TDMA frame , the higher the transmission efficiency which can be achieved .
Therefore  , the name SI - type optical fiber is generally used for the multi - mode optical fiber whose refractive index changes clearly in step between the core and clad .
Therefore  , the number of channels that can be multiplexed by using parallel access is 4096 x 15 / 16 = 3840 , which is about twice as large as the number of channels that can be multiplexed ordinary access .
Therefore  , the output terrestrial channel connected to overload satellite channel # j is disconnected .
Therefore  , the pilot signals are formed with only one pair of quadrate PN codes .
Therefore  , the protocol that appeared to perform the file transfer by standard way to enable the transfer between different systems is FTAM ( File Transfer Access and Management ) .
Therefore  , the ratio of signal power to quantizing noise power S / NQ improves at high power levels and worsens at low power levels .
Therefore  , the ration of carrier poser C to the noise power N , or C / N , is expressed by C / kTB .
Therefore  , the required transmission bandwidth for 4 - phase PSK modulation is equal to its symbol rate .
Therefore  , the sidelobe characteristics are greatly improved compared to those of Cassegrain antennas , thus leading to higher gain efficiencies .
Therefore  , the signal is not always received correctly due to inverted polarity in the code or to other causes .
Therefore  , the SPectrum of the PAM signal is formed by pair of the upper and lower side bands around direct current ( DC ) , fs , 2fs and so on .
Therefore  , the subscriber served by the distribution cable cannot select , on a one - to - one basis , the wires to connect them to the telephone office .
Therefore  , the system must page a mobile unit through all the base stations or sectors thus requires a great number of calls .
Therefore  , the system should be designed in such a way that the ratio between the paging channels and access channels of the base station equipment can be optimized .
Therefore  , the technical restriction in transmitting information such as transmission time , transmission power , bandwidth , signal - to - noise ratio , and so on should be considered and compromised in system design , and various modulation and coding technology should be introduced .
Therefore  , the time required for a traffic burst to travel from a traffic station to the satellite changes continuously .
Therefore  , the total number of quantizing levels is determined by the number bits assigned to each sample .
Therefore  , the transmission output and reception sensitivity must have enough margin when designing facilities .
Therefore  , the unweighted S / N becomes 50dB , which is the ratio of signal power of 0dBm to noise power of – 50dBm .
Therefore  , the value of Dn in steady state is based on the measurement .
Therefore  , the value of Dn is an estimated value .
Therefore  , the wideband filtering on the input signals should be carried out before the sampling job .
Therefore  , there is a need for a DC regeneration circuit that maintains uniformly DC level dependent on mark ratio .
Therefore  , there is an urgent need to develop the technology for telecommunications networks with the capacity to interface with each other , capable of processing various type of services to be offered in the near future .
Therefore  , this kind of memory is not suitable for use as a memory for time switches .
Therefore  , time slot T1 corresponds to incoming circuit a and outgoing circuit a ' .
Therefore  , to increase the system efficiency , a capacity expansion method using standard parts is required .
Therefore  , to minimize remodeling of the existing PSTN , the semi - area - undesignated system should be adopted .
Therefore  , to receive equivalent power at a base station , the transmit power of all the mobile units in a cell should be controlled .
Therefore  , voice signals are present in spurts during certain time periods on the transmission line , while the line is idle for other time periods even during the call .
Therefore  , when a plural number of carriers are amplified together , as show in the preceding figure ( 2.23a ) , spurious signals of the other frequencies are generated .
Therefore  , when a plural number of carriers are amplified together with one high - power amplifier , the operating point of the amplifier is so selected that the output level is between about 6 and 10 dB lower than the saturation level used to suppress these spurious signals ; this is called back - off .
Therefore  , when designing circuits that use frequencies of more than 10GHz , the allowable unavailability must be defined in order to determine the specifications for the earth station , as shown in Fig 4.19 .
Therefore  , when the signals are multiplexed by n , they are read out of the memories at a interval of ( 125 ) us and transferred to the highway .
Therefore  , when you say hello over the telephone , a response returns with a delay of 0 , 5 second , and conversation becomes unnatural .
Therefore  , which stage of satellite station to transmit data for ( while operating as a satellite station ) is set by a switch in the encoder .
Therefore  , wire diameters are decided by calculation every time a cable is installed in the central areas of cities , where it is not necessary to consider shared use of wires since fixed distribution areas are small in size and demand growth rate is also small .
Therefore  , without bursts synchronization , transmitted bursts would fall out of the time slots assigned at the satellite .
Therefore  , you can obtain the threshold margin by subtracting 10dB from the [ C / N ] obtained .
Therefore 9B structure and 155 Mbps which were magnified three times of the SONET frame structure and the bit rate are the synchronous digital hierarchy that were stipulated as the ITU - T Recommendation G.7 .
Therefore a receiver based on this principle is very attractive in face of the demand for smaller pagers .
Therefore all bursts initially transmitted from any traffic station according to the new Burst Time Plan will arrive at the satellite in the same TDMA frame .
Therefore by determining only the burst transmit timing based on the SOTF of the traffic station bursts can be placed at the predetermined position in the TDMA frame at the satellite .
Therefore in this case  , you had better arrange the interval like following :
Therefore it is generated and return to the originator of the subject message on the following conditions .
Therefore it will always be generated and returned to originator of the subject message when delivery is failed .
Therefore it will be generated and returned to the origination of the subject message only when it is requested .
Therefore it will be generated and returned to the originator of the subject message only when it is requested .
Therefore light source and optical fiber can be more easily connected when NA becomes greater and the connection rate becomes greater .
Therefore the modulation characteristic of forward channel is different from that of reverse channel .
Therefore the noise of FDM mode is more is more sensitive to S / N  , in contrast to the noise characteristics of PCM system disregard to the noises by the trunk transmission and perceive only the quantizing noise and burst error if only retaining the BER in somewhat degree .
Therefore we need to try to match the rural network with the national network in terms of network configuration  , numbering plans , signaling plans , charging plans and so forth .
Therefore we usually make the long – term planning and medium – term planning at the same time as the basic implementation planning .
Thermoelectric cooling ( cooling down to about - 40ºC utilizing the Peltier effect ) .
These 64 coefficients are multiplied by weighting function and then  , the result obtained is sent to the diversity combiner .
These active input terrestrial channels must wait for satellite channels to be vacated .
These ADM operations interface provide self - monitoring  , fault detection , and isolation capabilities .
These algorithms are characterized by their low signal delay  , their high sound quality , and the transparency with which the encoded signals can transmitted via digital modems .
These antennas are especial effective when it is necessary to reduce interference with terrestrial microwave circuits or other satellites in adjacent orbital positions .
These are address completion messages for charging .
These are also efforts to increase the security of message exchange through error checking and coding to enhance the reliability of connectionless communication .
These are called the originating BCSM ( O - BCSM ) and the terminating BCSM ( T - BCSM )  , respectively .
These are categorized into three types  , telecoms services , Management services , and Creation services .
These are characterized by sound quality at least as good as that of analog methods low bit rates  , and optimized design including error protection .
These are currently used to develop the Q.122x series of Recommendations as CS - 2 is intended to support new services in an evolvable manner .
These are FDM analog transmission and TDM digital transmission .
These are mentioned in mobile telephone system part .
These are often times referred to as GAZPACHO  , a word form based on the first character of each function .
These are required for the flexible arrangement on the payload on VCn  , VCn + 1 , or STM - 1 frame .
These are the reasons that the infinitesimal loop antenna is usually employed in pager that are used in the vicinity of the human body .
These are treated as noise in the design of radio lines .
These are tree conditions for this parallel shifting relation to be valid :
These are used for various types of purposes ( registration acknowledgment  , the transmit power cutoff of abnormal mobile unit ) .
These are used to make communication network operation management and repair easy .
These are useful for saving the battery of the mobile station and effective frequency utilization .
These associations take place physically in the switches involved in the call ( SSF / CCF functions ) under the control of an CSF .
These attributes can be classified into several attribute classes by common characteristics corresponding to its purpose .
These basic technologies have been continuously developed and upgraded in order to meet adequately the increasing need for broadband services .
These binary codes are encoded into proper code format according to the characteristics of the transmission rout .
These BISDN services include . all services having various characteristics .
These calculations differ slightly for up and down links  , but the basic considerations are the same .
These capabilities enable the use of global service logic as well as other SIBs to completely describe CS - 1 services and service features .
These channels use PN sequences and phase offsets that are the same as pilot channels and accordingly  , once pilot channels have been traced one time , the modulation is possible .
These circuits convert the modem output signal into a base band signal and attach error codes or an Automatic Repeat request ( ARQ ) signal .
These code symbols shall be output so that the code symbol ( c0 ) encoded with generator function g0 shall be out put first  , the code symbol ( c1 ) encoded with generator function g1 shall be output second and the code symbol ( c2 ) encoded with generator function g2 shall be output last .
These codecs are now used in long line video transmission service and teleconference service .
These coded signals are transmitted simultaneously to the satellite base stations as radio waves .
These codes are comprised of address code words and data code words .
These codes enable a carrier and clock to be recovered within a short time in a carrier recovery circuit and clock recovery circuit .
These codes should satisfy a density of 1 and also  , they should be decoded to almost 0 volt DC .
These combinations can be classified into two types of method : The T - S - T method in which time switches come outward  , and the S - T - S method in which space switches come outward .
These configurations are compared in Table 4 - 1 .
These control processes invoice sub - processes leading to the connection of the call  , after it has been confirmed that channel allocation is complete .
These data buses are separated from the instruction bus  , so that within a single machine cycle , this architecture is capable of reading in an instruction and two words of data , while performing a - calculation simultaneously .
These days  , the transmission speed is mainly 10 Mbit / s .
These degradations can not be removed by regeneration as in a digital system .
These describe inter – operation for the giving / receiving of service .
These developments have made 6  , 25 kHz channel interleaving possible in the 800 MHz range , moreover , great improvement sensitivity under fading by using diversity reception has lead to further band narrowing .
These devices and equipment are further classified into a distributed communications system and switching communications system as shown in Fig.2. .
These difficulties have been adequately addressed  , however , with the advent of more cost - effective efficient technologies .
These distortion components are referred to as the third order intermodulation noise .
These equations show the relationship between C / T and C / No .
These equipment necessarily provide standardized interfaces  , but , other than that , transmission equipment is functionally independent of switching equipment .
These factors should be included in system performance tradeoffs when considering this architecture for a particular application .
These features are listed in the order that the author considers to be their relative importance for general telephony .
These features provide great advantages in cable laying .
These forerunners of SYSTEMS No.7 operated at 2  , 400 bps and were implemented on standard analog VF channels .
These frequency division multiplex ( FDM ) telephone signals are then transmitted through coaxial cables to the radio terminal stations .
These guidelines have gone through several changes as shown in table 2.13 .
These have advantages in noise effect than AM which is linear modulation and FM has a better characteristics of reducing noise than PM .
These include 1 + 1 and n + 1 space and frequency diversity  , then n + 1 diversity / protection mode being used when a large number of radio - frequency channels are in use over one transmission path .
These include some Third World countries  , solitary islands , mountains , desert and continental interiors .
These include transmission  , receiving and performance monitoring functions of maintenance signal ( AIS : Alarm Indication Signal ) or FERF ( Far End Receive Failure ) .
These information flows are again derived from the requirements for the target service of CS - 1 .
These interference noises are evaluated at the output of a demodulator .
These items are actually being studied all over the world and it is expected that appropriate directions are indicated in near future .
These items need to be taken into consideration in applying the IN technology to mobile communications .
These layers provides the bearer services of mobile unit such as traffic set and completion  , power control , handoff , maintenance , user authentication and registration function .
These levels are called MTP level 1  , level 2 and level 3. these are set out in ITU – T Recommendations Q.702 , 703 and 704 .
These line repeaters convert received optical signals into electrical signals for amplification .
These low level layer pointers are configured as follows : three of the first bytes of each section obtained by dividing corresponding TU into a size of 125ms .
These low speed sub - channels use one high speed transmission lines in partition by sending their data when the time division assigned periodically .
These made the advent of the high frequency radio communication era in a full - scale .
These message are delivered to their recipient in the same manner as normal message but arbitrary password is necessary to read these confidential message from arbitrary mail box .
These messages are further classified into general messages having information necessary for identifying originating lines or call set - up and messages having continuous signals .
These messages are sent backward in order to request additional information for call set - up .
These methods of increasing gain all are subject to constraints from the size  , shape or internal circuitry of the pager .
These networks are constructed with a hierarchical connection between the terminals .
These networks interconnect individual host computers via a relay computer with optional communication between host computers .
These objects are used to detect the amount of traffic  , number of errors and status for each group .
These optical loss peaks at 0.94mm  , 1.24mm , and 1.38mm are due to absorption by hydroxyl ions .
These packets are multiplexed before being transmitted to the packet switching systems .
These pagers have been made smaller and equipped with more features than any of their predecessors .
These PAM are not good than baseband transmission concerning noise and it is not nearly used in single channel message transmission because it has a handicap that necessary bandwidth is needed excessively .
These parameters have influence on various characteristics of optical fibers such as the optical loss  , transmission bandwidth , mechanical strength , optical connector , etc .
These problems arise for reasons such as the following :
These protection OLTMs always receive signals ( either working signals or test / maintenance signals ) but these signals are selected and processed ( at the foreign hub ) only when the foreign hub receives a message indicating that the home hub has failed .
These protocols are regulated to simplify negotiation of combinations of protocol mechanisms and various parameters .
These radio wave group are filtered in the filter which has fo + ( 1  , 25 / x ) MHz bandwidth , and it is added to correlator with fo = 91 , 2288 / x ) Mbps of pseudo noise which is generated in receiving side .
These reference bursts provide traffic stations with a timing standard so as to perform burst synchronization .
These reference points have one - to - one correspondence with the interface of physical structure to be described in the below .
These repeaters  , illustrated in Fig.2.22 , are simpler and less expensive than regenerative repeaters but have the disadvantage that the noise and signal distortion accumulate from repeater .
These requirements are in addition to the need for the circuit related signals used for setting up inter - office channels .
These requirements are necessary to prevent interference from / to various radio waves since the frequencies of the microwaves used for satellite communications are common to those of communications systems on the ground .
These requirements will be met once optical fibers  , a transmission medium not subject to bandwidth restrictions , can be produced and installed economically .
These service elements include File Transfer Access Menu ( FTAM )  , Message Handling System ( MHS ) , Office Document scheme ( ODA ) , Job Transfer Operation ( JTM ) , Transaction Processing ( TP ) , Virtual Terminal ( VT ) and Remote Data Base ( RDA ) .
These services are a communication services that the service signal is transferred to both ways  , but besides , the one way distribution services such as CATV service are contained together .
These services are realized by combining multiple service elements .
These services might be only partially supported because some functions needed are out of the scope of CS - 1 .
These share one gate for higher efficiency and economy .
These signals are arranged flexibly in the STM - 1 frame after being processed through multiplexing elements such as C ( Container )  , VC ( Virtual Container ) , TU ( Tributary Unit ) , and AU ( Administrative Unit ) .
These signals are classified at the mobile unit receiver through the use of binary orthogonal code that is based on Walsh function ( sometimes called Hadamad Matrices ) .
These signals are multiplexed by the bit unit and then  , scrambled to obtain high - level group output signals .
These signals are sent to the DSI / DNI section to make connections with suitable terrestrial channels .
These signals are shown by vector diagram on Fig 3. .
These standard earth station performance requirements consist of mandatory requirements and recommendations .
These structures have different characteristics in the perspective of installation cost  , transmission quality , service improvement possibility , and maintenance and reparability .
These structures have different characteristics in the perspective of installation cost  , transmission quality , service improvement possibility , and maintenance and reparability .
These symbol formation is to protect the signal interterence between symbols .
These synchronization techniques correspond to the accurate adjustment of the individual clocks so as not to clocks to the on - the - hour tone ( phase synchronization ) in daily life  , as shown in the slide .
These systems are used for mainly trunk line of the network .
These techniques increase prediction efficiently and decrease the volume of information that has to be transmitted .
These telephones can be used in the same way as normal telephones  , but there is a large difference that mobile telephones connect to the exchange via radio lines , while normal telephones are connected via telephone lines .
These three ; the straight propagation  , refraction , and reflection are called the three the basic characters of light .
These three areas are : the Atlantic Ocean  , Indian Ocean and Pacific Ocean areas .
These through STS - 3 channels  , together with other STS - 3 channels added from this CO , are then multiplexed and converted to an OC - 48 optical signal and sent to the next CO .
These tri - color signals are applied as input signals to the color cathode - ray tube .
These two database shall be called UPTN Location Register ( NPTNLR ) and Mobile Station Location Register ( MDLR ) respectively .
These two different launching methods employ different launching methods .
These two implementations present a tradeoff between reliability and costs .
These typed of F1  , F2 OAM flows are respectively supported with different methods depending on transmission types used .
These typed of F1  , F2 OAM flows are respectively supported with different methods depending on transmission types used .
These types of F4 flows can be processed only at the final ; end point of corresponding virtual path and the segment end point .
These types of F4 flows can be processed only at the final ; end point of corresponding virtual path and the segment end point .
These types of slots occurs once every2 - 128 seconds .
These users are highly public in nature  , such as police and fire stations requiring effective communications channels , particularly in disasters .
These values are decided considering required transmission and mechanical characteristics .
These values are equal to integer multiples of the bit rate of the PCM signal  , namely , 64kbit / s .
These values are not valid when the reference of synchronism is being changed .
These versatile services are mentioned in Chapter 6 New Services . .
These views address service aspects  , global functionality , distributed functionality and physical aspects of IN , respectively .
They are air  , and the core and clad of the optical fiber .
They are also allowed to send messages to F - PORT service .
They are also developing SCE ( SDE : Service Development Environment ) .
They are also planning to develop VPN and personal number services in the late 1990s .
They are also widely used as low - noise amplifiers in satellite communications owing to their low - noise characteristics  , which have been improved , as shown in the figure 2.28 .
They are buried underground or placed instrument a conduit line .
They are called regular triangular cell type  , regular square cell type and regular hexagonal cell type .
They are called the structural parameters of optical fibers .
They are classified the same as that of circuit switching network .
They are constructed to provide common use of computing resources  , load distribution , and improved reliability .
They are described in detail in ITU - T I.610 and Bellcore data TA - NWT - 1248 .
They are described in detail in ITU - T I.610 and Bellcore data TA - NWT - 1248 .
They are designed to mark the reliability more 10 times than earth system .
They are different according to the frequency used  , propagation distance .
They are easy to maintain and repair and  , have high reliability .
They are not processed on any other connection points but instead  , should be transferred transparently .
They are only transmitted when an international relay switching system requests discriminating digits and language with backward directed signal A - 12 .
They are originally defined originally by LAN connection equipment venders and work station manufacturers to enable detailed management of their own products .
They are particularly useful for compensating the clock difference between two multiplexing signal during the implementation of the signaling division / distribution function of the VC unit .
They are reflected much better than microwaves  , so communication at distances beyond line - of - sight are possible .
They are repeated alternatively at the rate of 30 Hz .
They are the new assignment procedure  , the reassignment procedure , the disconnection procedure and the refreshment procedure .
They are trying to make the external interface of SCP open enough so as to be applicable to different exchanges from different manufactures .
They can be considered as reference criteria in selecting a product from various vendors .
They can be easily set up in cities  , ships , airplanes , and tall buildings without additional installation of pipes or ducts .
They can be installed together with power cables and can be used in an nuclear reaction environment .
They can be largely classified into space - division switches and multiplexing switch type .
They can be used for setting up light and thin transmission routes and do not experience crosstalk with neighboring optical fibers and are not subject to the induced interference of electronic waves .
They can be used for transmission without noises .
They do not have sufficient capacity  , nor are they compatible with the present evolving digital network and , in particular , with ISDN .
They have cores on their centers and claddings around their cores .
They have made a new layer on the UNI service layer which lays the ATM UNI interfaces between those layers and provides data distribution function and connection establishment function in order to help develop application software programs located on the user terminals and have named that as the ATM native service .
They include data service units  , multiplexer 0 , multiplexer 1 , and a network control unit ( NCU ) .
They include personal computers workstation  , host computers , printers , etc , a terminal requires application programs to realize the services a LAN provides , such as electronic mail , electronic filling etc , and a communication control programs to transmit the information between terminals , required to execute the application programs between terminals .
They may later adapt the interface to that as defined for the IN CS - 1 or AIN standards  , but the original design tends to be specific to each manufacturer .
They may sometimes trouble local residents  , therefore , the locations must be carefully selected paying attention to the following .
They need to offer their system jointly with exchange manufacturers  , especially because the external interface of exchanges has not been well standardized so far .
They plan to introduce Core INAP in 1995 .
They provide many more speech channels than short wave .
They represent terminating subscriber number requests and receive complete notifications .
They represent the information on the status of terminating subscribers and the switching equipment of the terminating switching systems .
They were debating for a long time on these two structures  , and the major point of dispute was to accommodate between DS - 2 signal of 8 Mbps and DS - 3E of 34 Mbps .
They will provide access  , by means of one or more radio links , to a range of telecommunication services supported by the fixed telecommunication networks .
Third  , finally usq ( t ) is given 1 code word to each sample by the encoder that changes quantized sample to proper digital cord word and makes the related baseband PCM signal to be digital signal .
Third  , since optical fibers are made of non - conductive dielectrics , they are not affected by electronic wave interference and electro - magnetic pulses .
Third  , the second method is used , however , the specific factor value ( e . g equivalent bandwidth reserved by network or equivalent bandwidth of existing calls ) is changed adaptively based on the measurement results of the traffic and congestion state reported from each network element .
Thirdly  , communications networks must be set up considering the arrangement of the switching system and transmission route , overall interface quality , and the maintenance of transmission quality .
This  , in addition to the basic wide - band characteristics specific to optical fibers , allows the realization of much greater capacity transmission lines .
This  , in turn , represents the functions corresponding to the combination logic circuit unit of the wired logic circuit .
This  , together with the low Rayleigh scattering loss , will provide an ultra - low loss ( about 1 / 1000dB / km ) optical fiber .
This [ C / T ] is the operating point of the demodulator .
This 1 : 1 / ODP architecture requires a control system only on the receive end .
This 1 : 1 / USHR is also referred to as a Unidirectional folded SHR ( USHRIL ) .
This 1 + 1 USHR is sometimes referred to as a Unidirectional path SHR ( USHRIP ) .
This 10 bits are classify into 5 I ( Increment ) bits and 5 D ( Decrement ) bits as shown in the figure .
This 14 bit means the last 14 bit of the long code used for expansion .
This abstraction provides an observable view of SSF / CCF activities and resources to the SCF  , enabling the SCF to interact with the SSF in the course of executing service logic .
This access is suitable for cases in which there are many small capacity earth station .
This access is suitable for large – capacity communication systems with heavy traffic fluctuation .
This adds one to the address every time the time slot changes .
This advantage is derived from the relative ease with which digital signals can be multiplexed . A major limitation with the full use of which digital signals can be multiplexed .
This allows a customer to use a single pager over a greatly expanded service area .
This allows so - called wideband gain to be obtained by utilizing a wide frequency band for modulation of telephony and television .
This allows the connection of multiple earth stations via a single communications satellite .
This allows the system to be easily expanded and its function and capacity to be added in the future .
This also implies that the relative time slot positions for transit signals in the input high - speed  , multiplexed data stream remain the same in the output high - speed , multiplexed data stream &lt; see &lt; Fig.1.60 ( a ) &gt; &lt; see &lt; Fig 1.60 ( a ) &gt; .
This also started the use of plastic for wire insulation  , color cording for cable wires and multi - pair cable and connectors .
This antenna has larger effective section than half wave length antenna .
This antenna is able to be used in horizontal or vertical shape .
This antenna is sensitive to magnetic fields rather than to electric fields - a feature other anten do not possess .
This antenna is widely used for microwave communication  , radar , radio wave telescope , and so forth .
This applies to processing gain for adjacent channel as well .
This approach is attractive since electronics costs  , which are a dominant factor of fiber transport system costs , remain the same for 1 : N APS architectures .
This architecture  , which is designed to improve system availability with moderate cost increases , has rarely been implemented in present point - to - point fiber networks , although some vendors have provided 2 : 14 APS systems .
This architecture allows the existing exchanges not to be modified .
This architecture essentially uses the 1 + 1 APS concept .
This architecture main twins 1 : N electronic protection using the 1 : N - APS structure and 1 : 1 diverse fiber protection using optical switches as fiber facility protection switches .
This architecture requires an Optical Protection Switching Controller ( OPCS ) for automatic control of optical switching when protection is needed .
This architecture used optical switches for 1 : 1 fiber cable protection .
This arrangement prevents communications between users from being interrupted by securing one route even if the other is accidentally obstructed .
This asynchronous DS1 add - drop system requires two back - to - back OLTMs for demultiplexing the high - speed optical signal to DS3s  , a DSX - 3 which manually cross - connects DS3s for DS3 add - drop or pass - through , and several M13 multiplexing devices for DS1 add - drop from DS3s .
This attenuation or loss is called free space loss  , since this loss is caused by space itself , not by any materials in space .
This band has been widely used next to the C band for public telecommunications .
This basic action is repeated to realize network management .
This became the genuine standardization stage toward the synchronous digital hierarchy  , and ITU and T1 committee maintained close cooperative relation for this .
This becomes the fundamental basis for performing the effective add - drop connection and cross - connection which frequently occur in the optical communication network .
This becomes the idea of pulse code modulation  , discrete message signal is indicated by coded group of digital pulse in a different way of analog pulse modulation concept .
This becomes the phase angle between 53.6 degrees which is the phase transmitted and 126.4 degrees .
This bit is inserted into the output data in order to keep the output bit rate constant .
This block diagram shows the basic functions at a DSI module at the receive side .
This block diagram shows the basic functions of a DSI module at the transmit side .
This broadcast approach is sometimes referred to as the centralized dual - homing architecture  , denoted by DH ( C ) , since the dual - homing protection function is performed at a centralized location on a cluster basis .
This brought merit to the improvement of interconnects ability and interchangeability for construction of decentralized processing systems .
This call model includes the basic call model ( corresponding to the ITU IN BCSM )  , the call / service Processing model and feature interaction mechanisms .
This can be a great advantage in some applications .
This can be calculated the total power loss starting from amplifier to antenna including filters  , isolator , duplexer , and waveguide , it is generally less 3 dB .
This can be compensated for by use of an amplifier .
This can be explained using the following equations .
This can be explained with material dispersion that occurs because the refraction rate of an optical fiber may be different according to wavelength and propagation route dispersion generated due to the propagation phenomenon of different route .
This can be used most efficiently in base stations within the condensed urban area where complicated multipaths exist .
This can offer efficient services for connection that cell loss priority does not match with transmission delay priority ( e . g low class image service  , voice , important data transmission ) .
This cause extremely serious impairments to the network .
This centers on the interface board equipped on each node - or - node management function so as to control burst source or VBR source which is controllable the cell rate .
This change causes a serious deterioration on the regeneration function .
This chapter describes estimation of electric field intensity in propagation paths for the following four kinds of service :
This chapter describes the connecting functions to be provided within the network  , that is , network functions .
This chapter introduces prospective developments now being by all interested parties .
This characteristics enables the CDMA system to provide excellent performance in the city like environment .
This characteristics is specially important for satellite communication because the AM to PM conversion should be carried out as possible during satellite communication .
This chart shows the call control message protocol ranging from the call set – up to its disconnection when an ISDN service is used .
This circuit is used in the sending part of the end - office regeneration device and intermediary regenerator .
This circuit is used in the VHF through UHF bands  , whereas in a digital microwave system , it is used as phase modulator in intermediate frequency bands .
This class guarantees end – to – end data transfer for low – quality network connections .
This code adopts BCH ( 31  , 12 ) and has an even parity bit of 1 bit , so it constitutes 32 bits .
This code adopts BCH ( 31  , 16 ) and a error correcting of 2 bits .
This code identifies each code words consisting of 64 words as either an address code or a data code .
This codec has a frame memory for keeping background information which is employed in making background predictions .
This codec has additional information reduction techniques  , motion compensation and background prediction besides traditional interframe codec functions .
This coherent method can raise the receive sensitivity by over 10 to 20 db higher than when using the existing intensity modulation / direct detection method  , and select many optical channels by changing only the frequency of local oscillator .
This collection of functions is called mobile communication switching .
This collective expansion is made in fixed distribution areas that are expected to require capacity increase within five years of the start of services ( with capacity reserve of seven years or less )  , with consideration given to such factors as the prevention of repetitive installation and economy .
This communication between the transmit and receive sides takes about 0.5 second over the satellite circuit  , during which no data can be transmitted , thus lowering the transmission efficiency .
This comparison demonstrates that plan B ( the use of multiple - pair cable ) is more advantageous when about 10 % or more of the existing aerial structures are reconstructed or replaced .
This completes our study of Outline of Satellite Communications . .
This concept is outline in the following drawing .
This configuration allows the smooth transition from pre - IN to IN architecture by enhancing the existing exchanges to SSPs .
This configuration enables the system to process calls uninterruptedly by blocking as shown in Fig.2. .
This configuration is suitable when the number of carriers is small .
This consolidation upgrades the functions of the interface between the feeder and distribution system cable networks .
This constant time is equal to the length of 9 multiframes when it is so determined that the farthest station n should have a positive value of Dn .
This control real - time routing  , control , and network reconfiguration , if required .
This controller cooperates with the base station controller to allocate specific calls to the lines between MSC and base station and to allocate the PN code to calls .
This correlation output is demodulated in correlation by using the pilot carrier from the most adjacent base station as the reference of carrier phase .
This correlation process increases the signal - to - interference ratio for the signals conforming to the appropriate PN sequence  , without increasing it for other signals .
This corresponds to about a half of one TDMA frame whose length is 2msec .
This data bit rate is 300 - 1.000 times that of the voice channel date bit rate .
This data is also stored in the internal memory of the CPU and can be read out from this memory and displayed in the LCD protected or erased according to the operation of a switch .
This data is generated when the subscriber of a one network roams into a visited network  , and it is deleted when the roamer leaves that visited network .
This decision is based on analysis of the destination code of the routing label in the message .
This defect in the interleaving effect produces this advantages from the viewpoint of compatibility with monochrome television .
This defines the electrical requirements for signals transmitted through the use of T1 transmission equipment and the meaning of each bit stream .
This defines whether the bits are voice  , data , frame format , signal format , or maintenance and repair data .
This demand refreshing procedure is shown in Fig.6.7 .
This demodulated signal is supplied to the sound program receiving equipment  , where the signal is separated to the video signal and sound program signals components , the FM sub - carrier is demodulated by the sound program demodulator , and the demodulated sound program signal is then fed to the 15 KHz low pass filter .
This describers the mobile communication network in a narrow sense  , but some parts of the described system requires special functions , such as determining and connection to the appropriate switching office for wherever the mobile equipment happens to be within the PSTN .
This detection is equivalent to detecting the vector F alpha - beta by the U and the V axes  , which are arranged at a symmetrical position to F alpha + beta with respect to the U axis .
This determination is based on the number dialed by the caller and the metered charge corresponds to the call duration and massage billing index at the end of the call .
This device is connected to the line in the analog method for testing and measurement .
This device uses a hetero junction between GaAs and AlGaAs .
This diagram shows the symbol for Eb / No value and the error rate of frame and bit .
This distortion is called delay distortion or phase distortion .
This distortion is referred to as echo distortion .
This does not affect the system operation at all and no system re - configuration is required due to this .
This does not mean that only one control circuit or one type of switching system is used .
This electrified layer has the property of absorbing and reflecting waves .
This enables a large reduction in transmission cost .
This enables communication ( one - way ) between two earth stations .
This enables communication between optional terminals .
This enables determination of the message billing index by the sending and office  , selection of the best routing between the sending and receiving offices , and connection to the called party at the receiving office .
This enables only the desired signals to be received  , even when carriers spread with other codes come in at the same time .
This equation applies to the case where the so - called frequency interleave is not employed .
This equation gives when seen from the transmitting side  , the degree that radio waves can be concentrated in a specific direction , compared to the case where the waves are uniformly diffused in all directions ; when seen from the receiving side , it predicts how effectively diffused weak in all directions ; when seen from the receiving side , it predicts how effectively diffused weak waves can be gathered .
This equation is changed as follows as the system capacity is increased .
This equation shows that the gain of an antenna is proportional to the aperture area  , or square of its diameter .
This equipment allows a 15 KHz program channel to be transmitted or received .
This equipment converts an existing low – speed interface into the new synchronous interface  , and vice versa .
This equipment is composed of a line terminating multiplexer and a repeater which convert 52 Mb / s intr - office optical signals into 156Mb / s transmission line optical signals .
This errors is called quantizing noise or quantizing distortion ?
This example may not represent the ultimate evolution of the BCSM for CS - N  , but does provide a starting point for identifying PICs and DPs for a given Capability Set , based on service requirements .
This example shows two possible cases when the working span between offices ( A and B ) can directly  , span the home hub or pass through an intermediate office ( i . e . , Office C ) .
This expansion is overlapped with the pulse waveforms before and after the expansion  , influencing the detection of pulses .
This facilities expansion must be promoted to improve urban structure in view of creating comfortable communities in towns  , and enhancing the stability and safety of communication facilities .
This fact becomes more clear when we examine the types of frequency currently used .
This fact indicates that multipaths fading is not resolved completely .
This fact is explained in the following  , using an optical - fiber model .
This fact is representative of a fundamental aspect of digital transmission : any digitally encoded message ( whether inherently digital or converted from analog ) presents a common signal format to the transmission system .
This fading is classified that fast fading and slow fading as well selective fading and synchronous fading according to frequency characteristics .
This fading is related very closely to the lavation of a mobile unit .
This feature  , not found in the existing asynchronous digital hierarchy , makes access from high - level hierarchy signals to low level hierarchy signal , particularly to DS - O signal easy to carry out .
This FEC coding produces four code blocks for the three assignment messages .
This fig 4.5 shows the measured antenna pattern of Ymaguchi TTC &amp; M / IOT antenna .
This figure  , illustrates the timing relationship between a common TDMA frame in the community and the reference bursts of each synchronized transponder in the community .
This figure also shows the relationship between the baseband signal ( Bi ( t ) )  , carrier ( C ( t ) ) , modulated signal ( S ( t ) ) , and band - limited signal ( Sf ( t ) ) .
This figure schematically shows the network functions to be provided by an ISDN .
This figure shows a basic configuration of a digital subscriber line exchange viewed from the switching network subsystem .
This figure shows a time division switching network consisting of four highways  , two primary time switches , one space switch , and two secondary time switches .
This figure shows a typical example of a TDMA network configuration for the INTELSAT V system .
This figure shows an equivalent circuit of a folded type network .
This figure shows an equivalent circuit of a passing type network .
This figure shows an example of a DSI sub - burst format .
This figure shows an example of a functional block diagram of TDMA / DSI terminal equipment .
This figure shows an example of a TDMA frame format used in the INTELSAT TDMA system .
This Figure shows digital hierachies used in various countries .
This figure shows formats of reference bursts and traffic bursts used in the INTELSAT TDMA system .
This figure shows how Burst Time Plan change is simultaneously performed after completion of the countdown .
This figure shows the basic concept of the TDMA system .
This figure shows the frame structure of the primary group signal obtained by multiplexing PCM signals of 30 channels .
This figure shows the hierarchical structure of a traffic burst .
This figure shows the method of using four types of unique words in a multiframe .
This filter is one of the sources of group delay distortion noise .
This for - mat was developed by a group led by the old post office of the Ukin 1979  , this is most common format worldwide .
This format can be used for outgoing signals when necessary  , in which case the preamble signal is sent out first .
This format has been - adopted in parts of Germany ( formerly West Germany ) and France .
This format is effective when a wide range of data is handled and the intention is to minimize communication overhead .
This format is effective when each element utilizes data locally  , and there is not much application of data between elements .
This frequency band is therefore called the radio window in the sense that the wave is highly visible .
This frequency is called are removed from the radio wave converter to the intermediate frequency  , and the resulting signal is amplified by the intermediate frequency amplifier .
This frequency is called maximum Usable Frequency ( MUF )  , which is expressed as MUF = f sec qi .
This frequency range ia called the radio window  , since only a small amount of cosmic noise is present and the attenuation due to rain and gas molecules in the atmosphere is also small .
This function adds idle cells to ATM cells with valid information to make overall cell rate be equal to PT capacity of the transmission system or removes idle cells to separate only ATM cells with user data .
This function converts data bit flow into a wave form appropriate for physical medium or vice versa  , inserts or extracts bit time information , and executes line coding or decoding .
This function generates and confirms HEC ( Header Error Control ) signal of ATM cell header .
This function generates or recovers transmission frame .
This function identifies ATM cell boundary from ATM cell flow .
This function is applied to ATM layer termination point to generate or extract the first 4 bytes of ATM cell header .
This function is called an equalizing amplification fuction or waveform reshaping function .
This function is called the multiple LAP function .
This function is required for ATM exchange or ATM cross link node .
This function is used to detect off - hook / on - hook signals generated from the subscribers or dial pulse signals .
This function is used to encode analog voice signals to digital voice signals and vice versa .
This function is used to transmit call signals for notifying that a call will be terminated to the subscriber .
This function maps ATM cell flow into the space with valid loading of transmission frame or extracts ATM cell flow from transmission frame .
This function multiplexes ATM cells with different Virtual Path ( VP ) and Virtual Channel ( VC ) to form a compound cell flow or provides demultiplexing function inversely .
This function supplies link availability data of local links to the signaling traffic management function .
This functional integration makes the ADM more reliable than the back - to - back OLTM for  , the signal add - drop . operation .
This generates carbonyl groups in polyethylene molecular chains and causes cracks in the insulation .
This gives definition of managed objects greater flexibility and expandability .
This graph shows the improvement of bit error rate achieved by the ( 128  , 112 ) BCH code .
This graph shows the relationship between the number of input terrestrial channels and the DSI gain when the proability of competitive clipping of 50msec or longer is kept less than 2 % .
This greatly contributes to the economy of the earth station .
This group aims at implementing an ATM system that provides the mutual interaction for the interface between private switches of between networks .
This group plays a spokesman role of ATMF for the industrial field .
This group prescribed peak cell rate  , sustainable cell rate and peak burst length as the parameters to identify traffic types and established 5 classes QoSs ( Quality of Service ) of line emulation , packet video / voice , connection - oriented data , non - connected type data and unspecified quality of service .
This group researched the intercarrier interface model to support various services such as line emulation  , frame relay service and SMDS and completed B - ICI 1.0 specifications in August , 1993 .
This group researches management message flow and management protocol to provide the inter - operability .
This happens more dominantly in D layer of higher electron density than in E and F layers .
This has  , in turn , stepped calls for the capability to transmit digital information more efficiently .
This has been adopted as the standard of ITU - T .
This has led to the development of BISDN service integration technology .
This has made it possible for these pagers to be used in any service area throughout Japan .
This higher frequency signal is called a carrier .
This idea has been adopted to prevent the signalling method  , which tends to become more complicated as the service becomes higher in level , from being confused .
This in turn improves the economy of communication networks  , and brings ease of installation and maintenance .
This includes VPC connection or clear by user control or network control .
This increases the speed and reduces the amount of development work required for network construction .
This indicates that designing aerial lines for shared - use sections requires more attention to cable consolidation than does that for NTT - only sections .
This indicates that facilities investment should be made more efficient by using cable wires more effectively in the future .
This indicates the presence of periodic elements in the random process .
This information is essential for allocating channels .
This input composite television signal is sampled at a rate of 4  , fsc and encoded into an 8 - bit PCM code .
This insures that the return trace will not be visible in the picture .
This interference is cause by a phenomenon in which the strength of a ray is increased or decrease by that ray being overlapped with another ray .
This interference may lower the call completion rate .
This interframecoding system was designed for a simultaneous transmission of NTSC color television signals and corresponding 7 KHz bandwidth audio signals .
This intermediate frequency signal corresponds to the differential component between the frequency of light wave as a carrier and that of the local oscillating light wave .
This is a channel associated signaling and a typical example is a R2 - MFC method .
This is a characteristics of maintaining the interval between signals and transferring them .
This is a code whose four continuous Os are converted into OOOV or BOOV patterns .
This is a downward  , one - way channel used to page mobile stations , this channel transmits common information from plural base stations within the paging area .
This is a downward one - way channel used to provide the mobile station with system information from the network  , this information may be mobile station - related information such as the maximum transmission power of the mobile station , location identifier codes to register the location , and information related to the control channel structure , such as the number of control channels .
This is a factor limiting transmission bandwidth in the same way as the previously mentioned mode dispersion  , and is called material dispersion .
This is a field representing the status of the signaling link .
This is a list of I – series Recommendations set out by the ITU – T in connection to ISDN .
This is a message group for monitoring calls that have been set up .
This is a message group for monitoring the line group .
This is a message group for transmitting backward the information on the failure of the call set - up attempt .
This is a message group that sends information related to the success of the call set - up .
This is a method of converting ' O ' of a binary input signal into the pulse of O level and 1 into the pulse of the two levels of + A  , - A .
This is a method of converting N number of continuous O codes into N number of special codes having bipolar violation pulses .
This is a phenomenon that the variation at a point on the water surface  , where the stone was dropped , causes another variation at a neighboring point on the water surface , and then the variation spreads to all over the water surface .
This is a point - to - multi - point two - way channel used for signaling information transmission  , the common control channel further comprises the following channels for intermittent reception by the mobile station .
This is a point - to - multi - point two - way channel used to transmit user packet data .
This is a simplified system structure by the logical viewpoint .
This is a totally new service of telecommunication using personal numbers .
This is a tremendous improvement over the existing asynchronous digital hierarchy .
This is a two - way channel used to communicate signaling information other than the paging message between the network and the mobile station .
This is a type of double level coding methods ; as in the case of bipolar coding method  , nrz code are converted alternately .
This is achieved by a random access type of control initiated by the mobile station  , and is carried out through an exclusively established mutual transmission control channel .
This is achieved by inserting before modulation a pre - emphasis circuit having such a frequency characteristic as to compress the amplitude of the baseband signals at lower frequencies and to expand them at higher frequencies ; insertion is made at the receive end after demodulation using a de - emphasis circuit with a frequency characteristic reverse to that of the pre - emphasis circuit .
This is allows a communications network over the whole world to be constructed .
This is an example of the noise allocation of 250 pWOp .
This is an example of the noise allocation of 2500 pWOp .
This is an important relationship to be remembered .
This is an octet for designating the user part on which information to be transmitted will be included .
This is an OSI reference model standardized and recommended by the ISO and the ITU – T .
This is based on AIN 0.1 specification .
This is based on condition that most services have all high priorities ( e . g . line emulation  , MEPG - 2 class image service ) or low priorities ( e . g . interface between LANs ) of cell loss and transmission delay .
This is because ( 1 ) the lines compose networks between the central office and users  , and ( 2 ) they involve an enormous amount of facilities .
This is because  , justification ratio becomes 0.5 and the size of justification becomes 1 byte or 3 byte .
This is because  , the modem is used for sending digital information using the analog circuit .
This is because as the speed increases  , the number of bits increases and a single line insufficient to shown information on frame structure .
This is because coding methods operate with greatest efficiency on most speech samples when they have time to fully analyze the incoming sounds .
This is because existing distributions are started from feeder points for each unit in either the fixed -  , general - , or feeder cable - distribution system , making shared use of cable - wires difficult .
This is because Japan has pursued the installation of aerial lines capable of meeting changes in urban structure at low initial costs in response to vigorous demand for telephone installations supported by the high growth economy after world war II .
This is because no effective measures are available for quick recovery from large - scale cable failures ( e . G . broken feeder cables ) due to the present network configuration – a simple star form .
This is because predictive coefficients are sometimes easily affected by channel errors  , with a small error resulting in great degradation of the sound quality .
This is because PSK gives the lowest error probability on receive signal level given when measured for one symbol period .
This is because the coverage of each CS is small and hand - over between these CSs cannot follows the high - speed of movement .
This is because the incident light pulse  , though of a single wavelength , propagates in several different modes which are different in propagation speed .
This is because the time offset of the most strong signal corresponds to the time offset of the most adjacent base station PN code .
This is because the writing of data into the memory and the reading out of data from the memory cannot be performed simultaneously .
This is called transmit synchronization to discriminate from the acquisition ( sometimes clear discrimination may not be provided ) .
This is called an area ( marine area ) designated system in the other subsystem which is called an area - undesignated system  , the network use only the service ID number and mobile station number to automatically trace the moving station - regardless of location for connection .
This is called an inter symbol interference or time crosstalk .
This is called earth - ionospheric waveguide mode or account of which communication to all over the world is possible .
This is called inter – code interference components as shown in Fig.7.6 .
This is called Remote file access ( figure 8.11 ) .
This is called the EIRP ( Equivalent Isotropically Radiated Power ) and is expressed by equation 4.4 EIRP is often used to indicate the capability of a transmission facility for satellite communication .
This is called the state in which back - off is applied .
This is caused by weakened inter atomic bonds of glass in the water .
This is characteristics should be satisfied for the transmission of wave - form such as voice .
This is commonly referred to as a loopback function .
This is different point between television transmission and telephone transmission .
This is done by another pulse train in the same amplitude range .
This is due to the fact that the overhead plants are normally very economical  , compared with the underground plants .
This is expressed as F alpha because the axis V is phase - inverted by 180 degree .
This is FM subcarrier format has been used in adopted at Sweden and France since 1978 .
This is governed by the antenna 's characteristics .
This is how the first telephone network came into being  , and figure 8.1 shows how the network concept has developed .
This is illustrated in Figure 3 - 4  , this list is transmitted to the MSC when the pilot signal of the call supervising base station falls below the minimum value required for call set up and continuation .
This is network numbering plan is not sufficient for adding NDC for some countries and because a flexibility is desired in the future numbering plan .
This is not a feature of typical public communications systems .
This is not a packet switching system  , which handles signal with destination addresses added to the transmission signal , as the CSMA / CD and token passing systems do .
This is not a problem because fiber characteristic are essentially equivalent  , in terms of loss , for lasers operating in 1300nm and 1550nm ranges .
This is not desirable in terms of facilities investment .
This is not suitable for segment control  , such as traffic control by protocol , or collision detection .
This is not to confuse among system bandwidth  , pn chip rate , and frequency allocation interval .
This is one of the most important aspects satellite communications circuit design .
This is one of the reasons that the microwave is used for telephone multiplex signal transmission and TV relay transmission .
This is particularly important function for portable cordless telephones .
This is particularly important if the spare conduit is the only idle conduit in the existing conduit section and the total number of necessary pairs exceeds that of pairs in the existing cables .
This is possible because it has a large capacity .
This is radiated through the antenna by being clamped in band pass filler of bandwidth 1.25 MHz .
This is rate 1 / 3 code generating three code symbols for each data bit input to the encoder .
This is related to the problem of maintaining connection service for subscribers .
This is show by the solid line in figure 2.14. As show in that figure  , in the case of radio wave propagation in free space , the electric field intensity at the mobile station changes very little with distance .
This is shown by underlining the message number on the display . ( e . g . when message number is 1  , an unread message is shown as 1 ) .
This is similar to the way in which electromechanical switches with closed contacts operate .
This is the case where a new incoming call arrives at a subscriber who subscribes to both call forwarding busy and call waiting both of which are triggered when the subscriber is busy .
This is the decibel expression of equation ( 5.25 ) showing the C / T for the up - link thermal noise .
This is the equation for the receive system noise temperature .
This is the first item of the principles of an ISDN .
This is the format of the outgoing signal at all times .
This is the lower part of the intelligent layer  , and it directly controls the transport layer .
This is the most suitable model for distributed data and resolves some of the problems encountered with the layer model and the network model .
This is the same phenomenon as the one described in section 1.2 in which a standing wave is produced along a string fixed at both ends .
This is the system of sending voice  , data , and video from the central station to a curb with several hundreds of subscribers through the use of optical cables .
This is the system of sending voice  , data , and video from the central station to the curb with several numbers hundreds of subscribers to the use of optical cables .
This is the system of using optical cables from the central station to a curb or office and UTP up to each subscriber .
This is the transfer control information required for operation between entities of the same rank &lt; N &gt; .
This is the transmission medium that links all of the terminals connected to a LAN and sends and receives the information between terminal .
This is the transport layer that executes services  , and from the viewpoint of connection control , this layer should be divided into three sub - layers : one sub - layer for the pursuit routing function , which in one of the transit functions ; one sub - layer for the call control function , which mainly controls the execution of out call in call services and connections to the radio equipment ; and one sub - layer the function controlling the radio frequency located to the base station .
This is the upper part of the intelligent layer  , and it has functions such as service definition .
This is to meet objective of IN evolution from existing networks .
This is to prevent degradation of transmission quality caused by bridged tapping .
This is to provide flexibility for future functional expansion or addition .
This is true because of the affect of computer and software technology on telecommunications and hardware .
This is used as the data for discriminating non - compliant connections .
This is used to perform the initial acquiring of the reverse traffic channel in the base station .
This is very important and should be kept firmly in mind .
This is why some of the Recommendations in the Q.120x XI and series has been studied by SG XVIII .
This issue would have very much impact on the implementation of IN individual networks .
This it is . Without the infrastructure of SS No . embedded in the digital network  , there will be no ISDN with ubiquitous access .
This kind of optical loss is generally called the scattering loss due to non - uniformity in the fiber structure .
This layer also compensates for differences in network connection quality to made possible provision of high - quality transport connection for the upper layers .
This layer synchronizes processing presentation entities in an open system .
This layering allows CDMA system to carry out regularity  , interfunction othogonality and clear access .
This led to standardization of the 16 - kbit / sec LD - CELP ( Low Delay CELP ) algorithms  , which has low delay and high sound quality , and an 8 - kbit / sec algorithm in which a delay of up to 10 ms can be tolerated .
This level of clock stability means that the sip rate of one PCM frame at the node is theoretically less than once in about 70 days .
This link noise can be expressed in terms of the ratio of carrier power to noise power  , or C / N , which is specified with the value at the input of demodulator .
This loop has a faster acquisition time compared to that of the general 4 Ф Costas loop demodulator .
This lower frequency is called Optimum Working Frequency ( OWF ) .
This machine utilizes atmosphere as a transmission medium and accordingly  , was affected by the changes in weather conditions .
This machine utilizes atmosphere as a transmission medium and accordingly  , was affected by the changes in weather conditions .
This makes an echo ; if its level is high  , it will disturb conversation .
This makes it easier to understand how the MIB works .
This makes it exceedingly difficult to obtain accurate waveforms for the frames immediately following the preamble  , and allophones are commonly generated at the start of words .
This makes low to high - speed signals be accommodated more easily  , as well as handles new future service signals flexibly .
This mapping is related to the service creation which defines the service logic with a sequence of SIB executions .
This margin is provided so as to keep the S / N above the threshold level even if the received C / N is degrades due to rainfall  , etc .
This may change if the interface specification and network operators think that they can interconnect their exchanges with the IN equipment from the computer vendors .
This may have to involve real - time consultations between the SCFs which represent the various parties involved in the call .
This may simplify the procedure of testing .
This means that a quantizing level number  , that can be expressed with a shorter average word length , will be reduced , thereby making to difficult to obtain good picture quality .
This means that all operations must be carried out automatically  , including the selection and establishment of radio channels .
This means that as the demand in a corresponding area increases  , cell size is made smaller and the number of base stations is increased , thus expanding system capacity .
This means that communication is available between a digital telephone set connected to the ISDN and a telephone set connected to an analog telephone network .
This means that it is proportional to the frequency squared  , because the frequency of f and the wavelength of A have a relationship of f = c / A , where c is the light velocity .
This means that multiple D - AMS unit paging becomes inevitable when call terminations is required ( figure 8.16 ( a ) ) .
This means that the baseband pulse train is regenerated at each repeating station .
This means that the controller has given the order to close gate switch G12 on highway 11 at the time of time slot # 3 .
This means that the frequency group of greater than 7 is required when non - directional antenna is used .
This means that the greater the receive power of the base station  , the path loss between the mobile unit and base station is smaller and the transmit power of the mobile unit should be reduced based on this .
This means to make the overhead of DS - 3 level to DS - 1 size of L units  , that of DS - 1 level to DS - 0 size of M units , and that of DS - O level to N bits .
This meant that substantial reduction of radio equipment was actively promoted .
This measuring equipment is provided in the control desk by which maintenance personnel command items to STECS .
This message billing index is compared with the message billing index in the dialed number  , and the connection process continuous only if the two message billing indexes coincide .
This message direct stations to prepare for the change .
This method  , as in the case of the stored program control method , is suitable for the electronic switching system whose functions are central .
This method  , which allows continuous transmission by all stations has the advantage that synchronous timing control is unnecessary and that the equipment used is comparatively simple ; its utilization efficiency of satellite power is not so bad .
This method can be employed for BPSK as well as QPSK  , and the implementation method for BPSK is shown in Figure 2 - 27 .
This method can transfer various information bi - directionally irrespective of whether the call circuits are busy or not .
This method concentrates SOHs ( section overheads ) together making its structure less complicated .
This method has been standardized by ITU - T in 1968 .
This method has the advantages of broadband and multiplex communication and simultaneous communication for wide area .
This method is adapted to the satellite link using above 10GHz .
This method is applied when transport lines  , in which there is a possibility of phase deviation due to switching , are used for the signal trunk lines .
This method is easy to realize  , but the problem is that a set period of time must be waited for detection .
This method is especially useful when transmitting and receiving short messages .
This method is for the increasing flexibility to the partial traffic change compared with dynamic channel allocation which is for the increasing frequency efficiency in total service area .
This method made the long distance communication of the frequency band of VHF  , uhf and SHF , which had greatly depended on the direct route communication of the past .
This method of channel assignment control is called speech interpolation .
This method of interface is called Direct Digital Interface ( DDI ) .
This method of switching the color in every scanning line in turn is called the Line Sequential Color System .
This method of synchronization is also applicable to global beam operation .
This method reduces the interference on CDMA signals and accordingly  , improves the system capacity .
This method requires a high speed logic conversion and a large capacity memory circuit .
This method requires a long guard time due to its inability to achieve high - precision synchronization ; as a result  , the frame utilization efficiency is lowered , while a special procedure for initial connection is not required .
This method utilizes the following unique characteristics of PN codes : when averaging signals having time offset longer than the single chip time ( about 1 micro second ) for several bits  , the autocorrelation of these becomes 0 .
This method was selected in connection with the inteframe codec and development of LSI technology .
This method will be largely employed because it is superior in efficiency and also from the economic point of view .
This methods transfer data through one network connection  , so sequential performance is guaranteed .
This modulated IF wave is up - converted by a mixer and RF local oscillator to the desired radio frequency .
This modulation method is further classified in to the Pulse Amplitude Modulation ( PAM ) carried out by the PAM switch and the pulse code Modulation executed by the PCM switch .
This modulation method is used to remove carrier from the transmit signals and accordingly  , carrier oscillated locally are required in order to recover binary data from the receiving end .
This modulation scheme means that one of four phases 900 degrees apart from each other is used  , which is called 4 PSK or Quadri - PSK ( QPSK ) .
This modulation scheme means that one of two phases 1800 apart from each other is used  , and is called – 2 PSK or binary PSK ( BPSK ) .
This modulation technique is intended to compensate for phase distortion of the carrier chrominance signals caused in the transmission path .
This move was further supported in March 1984 by full – scale commercial system introduction .
This multiplex option establishes primary and secondary communications as shown in Figure 3 - 9 .
This multiplexed signal is utilized in the 2M system  , i . e . in European countries , and respective PCM signals are compressed in accordance with A - law companding .
This new satellite channel additionally provided is called an overload satellite channel .
This NNI standard was settled to be in the ITU - T Recommendation G.707 - 709  , and the synchronous digital hierarchy that was centered on STM - 1 signal of 9B frame structure and 155 Mbps bit rate was established .
This node has the capabilities to set up and relinquish radio channel links .
This noise is an important factor when the degree of telephone multiplexing becomes large .
This noise is called Out of Band Noise or OBN  , since it is the noise measured in the frequency band just out of the working channel .
This noise passes through the antenna ; its amount depends on the elevation angle and frequency .
This not only eliminates reactive traffic in any zone in which a mobile station is not in use  , but also confines to a single zone interference , jamming and any affect of device faults .
This not only places a large burden on research and development  , but also leads to a lack of repeatability in the evaluation results .
This number depends on the granularity of SIBs and degree of sevice independence .
This numbering system  , which must determine the area in which the subscriber is moving , can be roughly subdivided into two subsystems .
This object definition is called the Object Class .
This observation suggests a way to reduce survivable network costs  , while retaining high survivability for gable cuts like 1 : 1 / DP - eliminating PTE .
This office meters the call by using the returned message billing index .
This operation connects the telephone office to each user by two completely separate routes  , or connects a user with two separate telephone offices by two separate routes .
This operation is called frame synchronization .
This operation is called network synchronization .
This overhead layer configuration facilitates network maintenance  , operation and management of each layer of the network .
This particular implementation is compliant with the Japanese standard interface and produces very high quality speech reproduction .
This particularly improves interconnection of different types of systems .
This phase modulated wave passes the filter used for minimizing the interference between symbols .
This phenomenon is called a full reflection phenomenon .
This phenomenon is called gain compression of TWT amplifier .
This phenomenon is called the mode dispersion  , which prevents time pacing between neighboring pulses from being made smaller .
This phenomenon is called the total reflection  , and the angle of incidence at which the total reflection starts to happen is called the critical angle .
This phenomenon is caused by a leak of the high - frequency component of the luminance signal into the chrominance signal .
This phenomenon occurs when the sun is behind the earth as viewed from the satellite .
This phenomenon occurs when the sun is behind the stationary satellite as viewed from the antenna of an earth station .
This photo shows an example of standard ISDN terminals using the special features of an ISDN .
This PIC is left when it is unable to analyze and translate dial string in the dialing plan ( e . g . invalid dial string ) ( DP 6 - Invalid - Info )  , routing address and call type has become available ( DP 7 - Analysed - Info ) or the originating party abandons the call ( DP 21 - O _ Abandon &amp; O _ Calling _ party _ Disconnect ) .
This PIC is left when the party does not answer within a specified duration ( DP 29 - T _ No _ Answer )  , the call is accepted and answered by the = party ( e . g . = party goes off hook , Q931 Connect message received , ISDN - UP Answer message received ) ( DP 30 - T _ Answer ) , a service / service feature request is received from the = party ( e . g . hook flash , isdn feature activator , Q.931 HOLD or RETrive message ) ( DP 32 - T _ Mid _ Call ) or indication of originating party abandon received from originating BCSM ( DP 35 - T _ Abandon &amp; T _ Calling _ Party _ Disconnect ) .
This picture signal is combined with the blanking interval and synchronizing signal  , as shown in Fig . 6.1.1 .
This policy must be promoted in the future as well .
This policy promoted underground distribution with emphasis placed on making streets orderly  , particularly before the opening of the Tokyo Olympics .
This power loss detection system worksonly for hard failures  , such as cable cuts , not for terminal - type failures and system degradation with high BER .
This practice has not been enforced by laws in respective countries but has been implemented primarily in answer to the requests of residents or local public bodies .
This prevented enhanced services in which the one - tone correspondence does not necessarily holds between user and a mobile terminal as in the universal rental service ( a service which is available for multiple users to share one mobile station using their own personal numbers ) and the single - user multiple - terminal service ( a service which allows a single user number to make a selective a access to multiple mobile unit ) .
This prevents the feeder cable from handling demand changes within in a small sub - area within a fixed distribution area  , unless the feeder cable is provided with more pairs than needed to cover demand in the fixed distribution area .
This primary protection device  , together with the secondary protection device , is used to protect the electronic parts in the digital switching system .
This problem can be eliminated by using bit - selective forward error control ( BS - FEC )  , where by the bits are grouped according to their error sensitivity , then encoded for error correction with a strength ( redundancy ) that depends on the error sensitivity of the group .
This problem can be reduced to a minimum to realize more natural - sounding speech output by suppressing the output of initial frames at voiced sound boundaries to an optimum level .
This problem is considered soluble in practical terms by constructing a highly reliable clock distribution system and by providing stable backup clocks int the switching nodes .
This procedure is called role change of reference station .
This procedure is repeated until the specifications meet the required circuit quality .
This process has the advantage not to affect signaling function while using the network resources efficiently because it does not allow to assign the network resources when burst is not transmitted .
This process is carried out in the exact reverse order of encoding process .
This process is determined through the use of Eo / No value of pilot signals .
This process is equivalent to amplitude modulation in which a periodic train of pulse or a sampling pulse train is amplitude - modulation in which a periodic train of pulse or a sampling pulse train is amplitude - modulated by analog signal .
This process is similar to the movement of the skilled worked .
This process maintains connection and does not assign the network resources if there is no bursts to be transmitted while as assigns the network resources temporarily only if burst is being transmitted .
This process that adds each phase of m sequence 1 onto m sequence 2 not shifted generates other gold sequence having the period of ( 2m - 1 ) .
This processes achieves the same effect as varying the quantizing intervals depending on the magnitude of the amplitudes .
This processor adds 64 coefficients per every 6 symbols .
This profile is used to estimate the propagation path and radio wave intensity for various types of wave propagation .
This propagation delay is specific to satellite communication  , and various techniques are required to cope with this effect .
This property is called simultaneous transmission .
This protocol regulates the reading / writing of attributes for the managed object  , reports events , and executes actions .
This protocol should be highly user - friendly with the ISDN user part and should allow the addition of new services .
This provides more effective use of various hardware and software .
This provides two methods of failure recovery : loop back by the node that failed  , and bypassing that node .
This quantity means the number of telephone and video channel that carrier can transmit .
This random noise is also called the Gaussian noise .
This rate can be changed for each frame and accordingly  , the receiver can detect the rate of frame first and the processing should be carried out at proper rate .
This ratio is referred to as polarization discrimination  , and the value of 27dB is required for both up and down - links .
This ratio the transmitted power to received power is called the free - space loss .
This realizes highly economical and reliable communication systems as well as easy installation and maintenance .
This reduction in interference increases the capacity of base stations experiencing high traffic .
This refers to the input scale value for noise power occurring in a resister when a signal power decreases by LF through it at ambient temperature T0 .
This remaining unevenness in the refractive index is the causes of the Rayleigh scattering in optical fibers  , which is one of the causes of optical loss proper to optical fibers and is inevitable in the production process .
This replacement may require an extra MDF unit or may leave some terminals in the MDF unused .
This representation is then fed to the delay to be used as the reference when coding the next frame .
This requires a network configuration with a control sublayer which can independently assure user 's PM identified by mobile - unit 's TM and UPTN .
This requires consideration of redundancy in the configuration .
This requires provision of a security function  , such as use of passwords .
This requires some control so that the signals transmitted from a station do not collide in the satellite with signals from other station .
This requires standing the interface between mobile station and base station .
This requires that we assume the curve radio wave path to be a straight line and reform the earth 's surface for correction .
This requires the protection system laser to be of a different wavelength than all the other working fiber systems .
This ring arrangement can provide line protection switching using a TSI method for merging working channels in the failed fiber with protection channels in the unaffected fiber .
This scenario assumes that the special CO contains a DCS and that spare capacities exist on the fiber span connecting tire special CO to the foreign hub .
This scheme is too dangerous for the public network because the service logic of a third party may cause adverse effects and even failure to the network .
This section describes color television signal transmission systems  , especially the NTSC system adopted in Japan and the U . S . A .
This section describes how the forementioned fundamental technologies are exploited in practical low - bit - rate speech coding focusing on VSELP and PSI - CELP  , which are standardized for the PDC .
This section describes some of these main factors .
This section identifies several issues of mainly technical nature for further study .
This semi - area - undesignated system is basically a rudimentary area - undesignated system .
This separating point between the feeder cable and the distribution cable is usually called a cross - connection point .
This sequence has the period of 215 chips and the spread polynomial of the channel I and Q pilot PN sequence has the period of 215 – 1 chips like below .
This service  , however , has not yet reached the regular service stage because of transmission length limit , cost , repeater maintenance etc .
This service  , on the contrary , can be provided at the discretion of one network if the calling name information is transferred in - band after the call is answered .
This service added the capability of displaying a message from the caller on the receiving paper to the beep function of the conventional page .
This service allows a medical doctor to examine remote patients and retrieve medical treatment information or other medical information from the DB .
This service allows a Pager with Dual Call to be paged even in the Silent Mode by only to distinguish the caller .
This service allows the individual to add another paging number in addition to the original number and set different page alerts for each number in order to be able to distinguish the caller .
This service allows users to designate submission time to messages .
This service allows users to select priority which is attached as an information to submitted messages .
This service allows you to buy products on a multi - media terminal via catalogues or virtual shops which are stored in a multi - media form at home or office .
This service allows you to use data of a library or a museum in a multi - media form from the multi - media server where the data have been stored .
This service enables such video as movies  , documentaries , sports programs to store into the video server in digital compressed forms and provide the every program that the customer want via the ATM / B - ISDN network , so that the user can select , play , control , retrieve , and query the programs .
This service enables to hold a conference of the given format via a PC or a workstation and if the cost is cut down due to the results of technical development  , the use is increased radically .
This service is offered in the Kanto  , kansai and Tokai regions in Japan .
This service offers a maximum of 5 areas for one pager .
This service provide the content of an academic conference in detail using computer remote conference service without joining in the conference .
This service provides high quality real time lectures to the remotely users  , and can be utilized for the lectures between the principal school and branch school of a college , social re - education and job specialization technical education within a company .
This service provides such various educational as individual self - study  , interactive group study , and electronic mail utilizing learning by using education database at home or school via computers and communication networks .
This service provides users with news information composed of audio  , video , texts and graphics with the minimum delay possible .
This service should be adapted to a wider range of applications in the future .
This service supports so that remotely scattering can perform such common design jobs as complicated CAD and the demand will be increased greatly as home office  , y , cooperation among the companies etc , are activated .
This shows that the multilevel modulation technique is an extremely important means for reducing the bandwidth of a digital radio system .
This shows that the same message has been re - received .
This shows the breakdown objectives of the earth station equipment noise .
This shows the equation to obtain the intermodulation noise of a satellite transponder . [ Cs / Nc ] is the ratio of the transponder carrier output level at saturation to the intermodulation noise level falling in the effective bandwidth of a certain signal .
This shows where the individual I . series recommendations are set out for communication networks including an ISDN .
This shows whether the user is inside or Outside of the area where it is possible for the pager to receive .
This side shows the frequency SPectrum of the PAM s obtained by sampling .
This signal can be obtained by passing reshaped signals through a frequency filter having a repeated pulse row .
This signal circulates around the ring  , and packets can only be transmitted when the token is received .
This signal consists of a preamble signal  , start code , and group code .
This signal gives the right of transmission only to the node that is receiving the signal .
This signal informs the pager of the start timing of the batch .
This signal is superimposed over the original signal  , resulting in distortion in amplitude and phase of the composite signal .
This signal is the same as the signal used in the present monochrome system .
This signal looks like the sum of a series of large pulses and a small amount of noise .
This signal should match with the original signal that has been transmitted .
This simultaneous calling is to the mobile unit not the subscriber .
This situation accentuated the necessity of an open standardized network architecture for interconnection of different types of products and systems .
This situation may change when the computer vendors could make good products and take lead in IN implementation .
This situation may overload the system controller and the possibility of call disconnection is increased .
This slide shows some examples of combinations of time switches and space switches .
This slide shows the carrier chrominance signal vector transmitted at the ( n - 1 ) th scanning line .
This slide shows the characteristics of an ECLRAM and those of a C - MOSRAM in time switches used in general digital exchanges .
This slide shows the circuit configuration of a space switch with e incoming highways and m outgoing highways .
This slide shows the concept of time slot interchange for a parallel signal of 8 bits .
This slide shows the concept of time slot interchange of serial signals of 8 bits .
This slide shows the configuration of a time switch .
This slide shows the levels of the third order products as a function of the number of input carriers of identical levels .
This slide shows the number of terminals required when a single both - way circuit is used for the passing type network .
This slide shows the number of time slots required for assigning the sending and receiving paths of the individual circuits to the two types of networks we have studied so far .
This slide shows the relationship to the time slots in parallel access under random write / sequential read control .
This slide shows the third order products in the case of three signals .
This spread operation includes the output stream of the data bust randomizer and the modulo – 2 addition of the long code .
This state is released when the AIS cell is not received for 3 seconds or loger or when valid cells such as user or continuity inspection cell is received .
This state is released when the AIS cell is not received for 3 seconds or longer or when valid cells such as user or continuity inspection cell is received .
This step is reported to the MSC but it does not directly control it .
This structure can be referred to as an improved version that combines the bus - matrix switch which has been developed based on the crossbar and output port buffer .
This subsection briefly describes the connection control sequence for a call from a fixed network to a mobile subscriber as schematically shown in figure 8.18 .
This subsection outlines the connection process when a signal arrives at the mobile communication switching office from the PSTN  , the gateway - MGS ( G - MGS ) is the nearest GMS acknowledges the H - AMS from the called subscriber number and then uses the CCS to refer to the HM in the H - AMS .
This switches WF - 1 to DPF - 1 during a fiber cable cut and disconnects the electrical protection node ( P ) from DPF - 1 .
This sync channel signals carries base station identification information  , pilot transmit power , and phase offset information of base station pilot PN carrier .
This system also intended to provide gateway function for messaging systems in Japan that will allow any domestic messaging systems to extend its network .
This system avoids the generation of crashes  , so it provides fairly stable communication even when the amount of communication increases .
This system cannot avoid the problem of deadlocks .
This system composed of a terminal station and a subscriber station as shown in Fig.7.1 .
This system differs from the common marker system in that the range supervised by one common control circuit part of the call switch network as shown in Fig.2.1 .
This system features a strong receptiveness to interferences from other systems ; it also gives little interference to the others .
This system helps to reduce the interference tolerant effect of the spread spectrum system to some degree .
This system is also called a mechanical switching system since switches are run by means of electronic mechanical mechanism .
This system is being developed simultaneously by Bell Atlantic and Bellcore .
This system is being developed simultaneously by Bell Atlantic and Bellcore .
This system is composed of an optical fiber network in a loop configuration with emergency restoration equipment used to restore communication quickly when a cable fault occurs .
This system is configured simply by Ex - Nor Gate or multipler .
This system is likely to be used advantageously in cases where the copper plant between a local distribution point and subscriber equipment is not run efficiently or the physical access for cable installation is restricted or the use in higher priced areas  , or with the micro cellular structure for providing a mobile VDT service for a long time .
This system is much easier to control than the shared memory system and can support broadcast type or multi - casting access much easily and can operated with a small buffer capacity .
This system is particularly well the prompt construction of circuits .
This system is separated into two phases  , one that locks resources and another that releases them .
This system is suitable for low - density data communication consisting of relatively short messages .
This system makes it possible to process charges for the mobile network in the PSTN .
This system minimizes the remodeling of the PSTN and makes charge processing as simple as possible .
This system provides a full range of quality assessment capabilities including bi - directional data acquisition  , self - testing calculation of codes delay time , generation or channel coding errors , and a number of objective evaluation support tools .
This system provides enough number capacity and service capabilities to be able to function as an area - undesignated system .
This system requires a complicated feed system and higher cost due to the use of multiple receivers .
This system uses multiple radio channels that are allocated to the entire system and can be accessed by any cordless telephone set in the system at any time .
This system uses the SCPC / CFM system for analog voice .
This system was constructed for the mutual exchange of information  , and more effective use of the computer .
This table gives attributes and possible values of attributes for individual connection types .
This table gives major system parameters of INTELSAT DSI .
This table gives the types and possible values of bearer service attributes .
This table should be prepared and used according to pre - set principle such as fixed routing algorithm .
This table shows status and Control codes contained in the CDC message .
This table shows the switching systems used in various countries which have adopted digital switching .
This table summarizes the major parameters of the INTELSAT TDMA system .
This takes account of realistic filtering characteristics to band - limit voice signals .
This tapered quantization scale provides not only a compressed bit rate but also a truly perceptual coding .
This technique  , known as interpolation , can suppress degradation in the restored signal .
This technique  , which is called site diversity , can be used to decrease unavailability .
This technique involves monitoring certain redundancies in the signal waveform itself .
This technique is called the parallel access technique .
This technique is referred to as frequency division multiplexing  , of FDM .
This techniques is defined space diversity  , frequency diversity , polarization diversity according to receiving systems .
This techniques utilized two aspects of the differential sensitivity of the human visual .
This technology can transmit complete T1 payload via four wires .
This technology can transmit complete T1 payload via four wires .
This technology has been incorporated in sophisticated high - speech  , low - power DSP chips developed for use in potable phones .
This technology is called the time share space division switching using the space crossbar .
This text  , after reviewing the historical background towards the IN standardization in ITU - T , overviews the contents of CS - I specifications and its future extension .
This text  , after reviewing the historical background towards the IN standardization in ITU - T , reviewed the standardization activities in various regions of the world .
This theory has been developed into the digital communications theory .
This time difference  , as show in figure 2.8 , causes a shift between the phase of the ray received directly and that reflected ray .
This timing control is called burst synchronization .
This transmission medium is the one most commonly used for LANs .
This triangle wave is removed with a clamp circuit at the receive side .
This triggered requests for duplicate circuits from a number of users .
This two - stage ADM equipment model is proposed to provide flexibility of processing both STS - c and STS - 1 signals .
This type antenna has the simplest structure and the lowest cost .
This type has simple configuration which is connected with mobile unit  , transmit / receive facilities in base station , and office or switching system .
This type of artificial satellite used for satellite communications is designated a communications satellite .
This type of connecting mode is called bus connection .
This type of delay generated in UHF frequency that is used in the mobile radio communication changes the phase between paths and causes serious fading to occur by reducing signal strength during the signal combination .
This type of deviation is called jitter and bit position variation with a long period is called wander .
This type of diversity can reduce fading generated during the blocking of radio path by obstacles as well as Rayleigh fading .
This type of division carried out during the pseudorandom cycle enables many channel user to have the many access and the function that more advanced than the simple code division multiplexing interface .
This type of dual - homing architecture is also referred to as a distributed dual - homing architecture [ DH ( D ) ]  , since each special office is responsible for dual - homing protection .
This type of dual path is disconnected when the mobile unit returns to the base station before the transfer  , the call with the base station before the transfer is cut off , or by tracking the pilot signal of the third base station just before the hand off completion .
This type of flexible capacity changes is applied to base stations as well as mobile units .
This type of function is specially useful when requiring to ensure connection reliability as in the case of PVC .
This type of ISDN service is expected to bring a great revolution to the conventional telecommunication services  , particularly telephone service .
This type of mobile communication is used business related to airplane  , as well as by airplane companies , got the efficient maintenance of airplanes , contact concerning and instructions on the handling of cargo , and quick introduction of passengers .
This type of network can be constructed either as a folded type network or as a passing type network .
This type of optical fiber experiences the greatest refraction ratio at its core and lesser refraction toward the cladding side .
This type of optical fiber is called a single mode optical fiber .
This type of procedure is called noise assignment  , and it is shown in Fig 4.18 .
This type of quantizing in which different quantizing intervals are employed depending on the amplitude of the voice signal is called non _ uniform quantizing .
This type of Rayleigh fading phenomenon is generated by signal that are emitted from various types of terrains and buildings and signals ( each signal has a little difference delay time ) coming from various directions that are received simultaneously .
This type of satellite moves around the earth once every 24 hours .
This type of shared signalling network may have great impact on realization of global IN over multiple networks in future .
This type of signaling procedure is carried out by exchanging Q.2931 layer 3 message with the use of AAL ( SAAL ) service utilized for signaling procedure specified in Q.2130 .
This type of switch is made up of the following parts :
This type of time division switching network is often used for PBX 's with less than 100 terminals or so .
This type of value k has a functional relationship with power reduction caused by the power control of the base station of a mobile unit and the path loss to center base station .
This unit sends the normal compensation signal and phase compensation signal and phase compensation is done for each group at the base station .
This unit used to supply call current to each subscriber telephone and at the same time  , used for transmitting signals such as off - hooks dial pulses .
This value corresponds to a burst position variation of 2.4 symbols per second .
This value corresponds to the design object in terms of freeze - out fraction  , which should be less than 0 , 5 % .
This value corresponds to the limit of telephony circuit quality which is acceptable for commercial use .
This value is multiplied by signal sinωot produced from the local oscillator in order to change the phase of sinωot to 0 or 180 degrees .
This value means that the occurrence of competitive clipping of 50msec or longer is at mouse once in every 50 voice spurts .
This view contains no information regarding the implementation of the services in the network  , whether realized based on the IN architecture or not .
This VLSI has various applications for video signal processing .
This was followed by the invention of an automatic analog switching system capable of running without a switching board .
This was the first documents that have specified the basic framework of BISDN ; the documents stipulated that BISDN be based on ATM and its services  , be classified into communication and distribution services and that BISDN function structure / standard , be set up the same as those of ISDN .
This waste can be reduced by using single sideband ( SSB ) modulation method that suppress one sideband totally or partially or vestigial sideband modulation ( VSB ) method .
This wave is called a standing wave because it seems not to proceed either way .
This waveform is one scanning line of a picture .
This way  , the unique word detection rate is markedly improved in the presence of fading or burst channels .
This will be applied at the establishment of the association between SLPI and SDF and the information related to the authentication will be transferred by Bind / Bind Result operations .
This will lead to nationwide paging services and  , in due course , to international paging services .
This will make it possible to achieve an economical video conferencing network .
This witch does not have a selection control function and is run under the assumption that the call circuit an control circuit are completely separated .
This Y1 and Y2 act as the inputs of loop low pass filter and accordingly the following equation is true .
Those earth stations which meet the mandatory requirements are called standard earth stations .
Those frequencies have the following merits when used for mobile radio :
Those that satisfy A type specification of &lt; Table 1.10 &gt; are called A type regenerator devices and those that satisfy B type specification are called B type regenerator .
Those values are the preset value of the tide mark  , the tide mark value before resting and final reset value .
Though a buffer - assigned method is evaluated as greatly superior in a perspective of cell loss rate compared with a bandwidth - assigned method  , it has low possibility for commercialization because the capacity of buffers required per node is large .
Though it immediately made full - dress coordination activity with ITU concerning the problem of BISDN NNI connection standard  , there were limitations in accommodating the European - type digital signals , since 13B and 49 Mbps all consists of mainly the North American digital signals .
Though real cell shape is complicated since radio proration is affected by natural and geographic features  , cell will be modelized and cell sites are allocated regularly on the service area in here .
Though T1 committee went through discussions concerning these two proposals  , it could not judge the superiority from the result of comparison and examination .
Though the overhead transmission line has fundamental defects of being influenced by artificial and natural circumstances  , it is extensively used , especially as the line ( about 95 % instrument our country ) .
Though you have to follow an exact method for more detailed analysis  , simplified approach to obtain the equivalent C / N due to interference can be taken .
Three - axis attitude control is the method for controlling the attitude of the satellite by absorbing external disturbing torques ascribable to various causes using wheels rotating on the three axes of the satellite  , that is , the X , y and Z axes .
Three assignment messages are sent per TDMA frame through an assignment channel provided at the beginning of a DSI sub - burst .
Three kinds of priority  , Urgent , normal and Non - urgent are available .
Three levels of service creating are to be provided ; i . e . customer service creation using so - called S - scenario ( S for Service ) description  , service designer ( commercial personnel etc . ) service creation using so - called N - scenario description ( N for Network ) and system designer service creation using so - called A - scenario description ( A for Action ) .
Three methods of burst synchronization are available for controlling the relative position of a traffic burst in relation to the reference burst .
Three of them are the tracking and demodulation multipath elements of the forward CDMA channel .
Three subscribers or more can be engaged in a call simultaneously .
Three types of network synchronizations available are as follows : a plesiochronous synchronization method carried out by installing a separate oscillator on each telephone office  , a master slave synchronization carried out by securing an oscillator on the highest level telephone office and then , distributing its clock to high - level tributary offices for the synchronization of entire network , .
Three types of signal units available for SS No.7 are as follow :
Through connection of computers at the Department of Defense with those at colleges and laboratories in the US by leased circuit .
Through such careful development and design processes  , the communications satellite proceeds to the launch phase .
Through the above mentioned optical fibers  , several hundreds of optical lights having different angles pass through and accordingly , they are called multi - mode optical fiber .
Through the utlization of the above technology  , together with VLSI technology , efficient user terminal devices have been developed .
Through this filtering  , an analog voice signal can be obtained in a signal continuous on the time scale is interpolated between adjacent sample .
Through this technique  , we may eliminate disturbance in the output data .
Throughout the men 's history  , the invention of language was the first major communications revolution .
Throughout this section  , we describe the optical dual - homing architecture using only a 1 : 1 / DP architecture .
Thus  , a new codec which can transmit video signals at 1.544 Mb / signal was developed .
Thus  , cooperation of several FEs may be needed to realize a SIB .
Thus  , the successive carrier chrominance signals of DR and DB are obtained at the output side of the delay line circuit and supplied to the FM detector .
Thus  , through the use of digital technology , it is possible to achieve in high quality transmission circuit which is robust with regard to channel distortion and noise .
Thus  , a number of the earth stations located in one area can communicate directly with any other earth station in the area via a communications satellite .
Thus  , a SONET ADM eliminates the need for back - to - back OLTMs as well as M13s as required in asynchronous networks .
Thus  , although such an earth station could be set up to provide satellite communication service , the usage charge will be unreasonable , so it would not be used .
Thus  , an efficient processing system was needed to handle various services in common and ATM communication method was suggested as a solution .
Thus  , an estimation of general electric field intensity cannot be found logically .
Thus  , any time slot that is not - assigned to this ADM node cannot be used by the local ADM node to accommodate service demands , even though this timeslot is empty when passing through that ADM node .
Thus  , as a protocol that has become the standard for its field , significant importance is placed on its all - purpose capabilities , s its cannot be expected to provide detailed service .
Thus  , as show in figure , the LANs high – speed transmission function can be used to extract data from a common data base at any time , with data concentrated and controlled in common file equipment , but individual information possessing at each terminal .
Thus  , as shown in Figure 1 - 2 ( b ) , since ATDM signal does not exist at a regular position , it operates Asynchronously unlike in the case of TDM .
Thus  , balance of the entire system must be considered for economical design of facilities .
Thus  , bs1 is capable of selecting a channel in another zone .
Thus  , care must be taken when designing this change in earth station output .
Thus  , digital cellular systems with low - bit - rate ( i . e . less than 13 k bit / sec ) speech CODEC has been researched and developed .
Thus  , digitalized was carried out from important short _ distance toll sections through the utilization of analog switching systems , as a result , the interface with the switching system was carried out by the unit of voice .
Thus  , duplication of control units is necessary .
Thus  , economical digital network can be constructed .
Thus  , enr members consist of information communication terminal users , researchers in university and industrial computer personnel who affect , purchase or use ATM system or services .
Thus  , even if traffic density increases , transmission efficiency dose not decrease .
Thus  , for medium - size applications , the size of the switch matrix can be increased to provide non - blocking operations , if desired .
Thus  , frequent transmission requests lower communication efficiency .
Thus  , high - speed transmission lines , which are pretty expensive , can be utilized .
Thus  , higher frequencies are more suitable for large - capacity signal transmission .
Thus  , if information is transmitted bidirectional , as it is in the bus type LAN , collision occurs .
Thus  , if the actual radio wave path curves to the inside , as shows in figure 2.3 , the actual path length will be slightly longer than the direct line - of - sigh path .
Thus  , if the local oscillator is not sufficiently isolated from the antenna , desensitization occurs .
Thus  , in this particular example , the 1 : 1 / DP hubbing network seems less expensive than the ring .
Thus  , installation in network configuration equipment is easy and the load on the system in which it is installed is light , as is the load on network management .
Thus  , it cannot clearly separate the data link layer from the physical layer .
Thus  , it is good for transfer of serial and high - volume data .
Thus  , it requires regulation of the relation between the behavior expected from the attribute / even / action of each managed object and the required operation .
Thus  , it took a number of days to obtain results from the computer after transaction data was generated .
Thus  , low levels of crosstalk are eliminated by the regeneration process in a digital repeater or receiver .
Thus  , making a total of three incoming rays at the receiving point .
Thus  , management is difficult and the efficiency of resource utilization is low .
Thus  , many problems are caused in line set - up , signal processing , transmission and exchange .
Thus  , modulation type or code rate should be determined considering system to be applied , and basic information rate , processing gain and used bandwidth should be also considered .
Thus  , most propagation paths in land mobile radio communication are formed by multiple reflected , diffractive and scattered rays .
Thus  , node B can now also output a frame , which it dose .
Thus  , normal ATM equipments are inevitably developed in compliance with the ATMF specification .
Thus  , one virtual channel is completely identified by the combination of VPI and VCI .
Thus  , operation control under abnormal conditions is quite important .
Thus  , providing them for individual terminals is poor economy .
Thus  , quantizing and code are made simultaneousy at this stage .
Thus  , searching for an alternative 1 : 1 / DP architecture that is affordable becomes obvious and necessary .
Thus  , service information is first partitioned into a specific size and mapped to ATM cell .
Thus  , T0 ( LF - 1 ) increases as the feeder system LF increases , which means internal noise power causes by the feeder system increases .
Thus  , the ADM 3IX in the add - drop mci ` de performs the same function as the back - to - back M13s in the asynchronous networks , but with fewer network components &lt; see Fig.1.55 ( b ) &gt; .
Thus  , the ADM using TSI is ! sometimes referred to as a mini - DCS because it integrates functions of signal add - drop and cross - connect , but terminates much fewer lines than a DCS .
Thus  , the advantages of a distributed system cannot be utilized .
Thus  , the angles of reflection which allow light to propagate through optical fibers are limited to some specific discrete ones .
Thus  , the antenna gain increases in proportion to the square of the antenna diameter ( D ) and frequency ( f ) .
Thus  , the base stations may fall into any of seven categories : the first - stage central base stations , first - stage satellite base stations ( some of which become second - stage central base stations ) , second - stage satellites , third - stage satellites , fourth - stage satellites , fifth - stage satellites and sixth - stage satellites .
Thus  , the bus type LAN is based on passive type network .
Thus  , the call privacy is substantially guaranteed .
Thus  , the combined received electric field is much bigger than for the same ray propagated in free space .
Thus  , the cost of developing Agent Processes that support the SNMP protocol can be decreased .
Thus  , the electric field intensity on the road shows as a standing wave .
Thus  , the information transferred from PM sublayer to TC sublayer includes data bit / code flow and corresponding time information .
Thus  , the ISO ( International Organization for Standardization ) in 1977 and the CCITT ( International Telegraph and telephone Consultative Committee ) in 1978 initiated studies on OSI ( Open Systems Interconnection ) .
Thus  , the lower frequencies are more suitable for communication with places far beyond the line - of - sight distance .
Thus  , the necessity of Standardizing protocols became recognized .
Thus  , the overall basic framework on BISDN was completed .
Thus  , the relative time slot positions for transit signals in the input high - speed , multiplexed data stream may be changed in the output high - speed , multipexed data stream .
Thus  , the S / NQ can be expected to be synthetically better if quantizing noise is reduced for the more probable amplitudedes at the expense of greater for the less probable amplitudes .
Thus  , the signal reflected at the hybrid circuit in the exchange at the receive side can not be sent back to the talker at the transmit side .
Thus  , the strength of a received ray can be increased or decrease by the receiving location .
Thus  , there is no integrated control of multiple managers .
Thus  , there is no object for the physical layer or for the data link layer .
Thus  , there is very small chance to utilize this flat earth propagation model for land mobile communication .
Thus  , they can be used for the communication with submarines .
Thus  , this equation is limited to use for mobile propagation on the surface of the sea or in the desert .
Thus  , those functions are performed by upper layer .
Thus  , to determine the integrated C / N , each C / N must be converted into a real number .
Thus  , to perform data exchange correctly , exact communication rules must be established .
Thus  , traffic . arrives at Node 1 and a by different paths .
Thus  , transmission is performed in only one , previously defined direction .
Thus  , two service options are utilized at the same time and applied to multiplex sublayers .
Thus  , vc link set up or release occurs in one or more NNIs when VCC is set up or released in ATM network .
Thus  , which MIB is installed in an Agent is quite important .
Thus  , with the feeder system loss ignored , the noise temperature for the up link can be expressed as equation 4.9 : TSYS = TS TR .
Thus an end - to - end digital system that operates with no knowledge of the nature of the traffic ( i . e .  , provides transparent transmission ) is a requirement for digital encryption applications .
Thus as shown in figure 8.10 the subscriber data is maintained in a home memory office ( H - AMS ) determines H - AMS from the subscriber ID number constrain in the start signal .
Thus digital transmission dominates fiber applications although research into analog fiber technology is significant - particularly for video signals .
Thus first level multiplexing and demultiplexing is non - existent except at the periphery of the network .
Thus rather than just designing a radio link with the highest quality possible  , it is necessary to consider economic performance .
Thus representative end - to - and  , signal - to - noise ratios in analog networks are 46 and 40 dB for short - and long - haul systems , respectively .
Thus satellite communication receivers use an LNA ( low - noise amplifier ) in which the input noise temperature of the first stage is 70 - 300ºK .
Thus speech pauses do not determine maximum noise levels as they do in an analog system .
Thus the dramatic developments of digital integrated circuit technology for computer logic circuits and memory are applicable directly to digital transmission and switching systems .
Thus the mobile communication network in a broad sense includes the PSTN that provides the mobile communication switching functions .
Thus the mobile telephone network is required to perform routing and connection .
Thus the multiplexing operations of a transmission system can be easily integrated into the switching equipment .
Thus the signaling equipment can and should be designed separately from the transmission system .
Thus the transmission system need provide no special attention to individual service and can  , in fact , be totally indifferent to the nature of the traffic it carries .
Thus the unevenness increases optical loss by irregularly reflecting propagating light .
Thus the wave propagates in the direction of the x - axis .
Time - division multiplexing is abbreviated to TDM .
Time alignment – the access channel frame starts just when the system time is the integer time of 20ms .
Time division is using to manage multiple - system call assignments .
Time division multiplexing is not achievable if these digital signals A  , B … and N occupy the whole period of 125us .
Time division multiplexing is performed by shifting the read timing by 125 us upon the reading out of each signal from the memory .
Time series forecast : Use time series leveling of past results .
Time slot interchange is performed by temporarily storing signals transmitted on the highway in the memories of the time switch ( writing ) and then reading out the stored signals in a sequence different from that of the writing sequence .
Time slot interchange of one time slot  , that is , one channel , can be accomplished by twice of access ( writing reading ) .
Timer based registration : This is carried out after a certain time .
Timing Recovery : The data of baseband are obtained through the use of synchronization multiplier and the clock synchronization is obtained from this data .
TM and PM must be independently assured over multiple networks .
TM can only be assured across mobile - communications networks  , but PM requires an assurance mechanism for the mobility covering fixed - communications networks .
TMD means a multiplexing method that divides data transmission time of one transmission cable by time division and assign it to each sub - channel .
TMN ( Telecommunication Network Management ) is a standardized network management structure whose basic ideas had been defined in CCITT M.30 in 1988 that is used to provide the management functions on services offered by the communication network and network  , and the communication between the communication network and network elements .
To accommodate a variety of mobile terminals ranging from those which are small enough to be easily carried on the person to those which are mounted in a vehicle :
To accommodate all of the broadband signals  , the capability to integrate communication service like video phone and distribution service like CATV was required .
To accommodate all of these broadhand signals . communication services such as video telephones should be integrated with distribution services such as CATV .
To accommodate circuits instrument opposite directions separately  , two cables are placed along the whole section .
To accomplish this  , a limit is placed on the number of relay points , called STPs , that can be traversed by a signaling message and by the inherent design of SS No.7 as a four layer system .
To achieve a side radio paging service area multiple base stations simultaneously transmit the same modulated wave at the same frequency .
To achieve stable and high – quality communication  , diversity , compounder that reduces noise in audio signals , and error correction techniques that correct signal errors are used .
To achieve the aim specified in 1 )  , the existing asynchronous multi - frame structures were utilized without being altered .
To achieve the widest radio paging service area with the smallest transmission output  , the same signal is transmitted simultaneously from multiple radio base stations .
To achieve these properly  , it is desirable to carefully determine the facilities configuration , elaborating proper expansion scale and distribution routes based on the past installation scales and history .
To achieve this  , visual information is converted into electrical signals through a process of scanning carried out by a camera tube .
To achieve this  , a logarithmic characteristic is employed in companding .
To achieve this aim  , information should be interleaved in the forward direction by the bit or byte unit in a frame with a cycle of 125us .
To achieve this arm  , the method of controlling bias current or pulse current in accordance of the change in light output ; this method is used to detect the part of light output by the laser diode and then , compare the output level with the standard level in order to adjust bias current so that light output reaches a certain pre - specified level .
To achieve wired communication  , such as optical fiber and coaxial cable communication , cables much be installed between two points .
To adequately meet the increasing demand for data communications and new call services  , new digital data switching services have been developed and implemented by utilized circuit switched data networks and packet switched data networks .
To adequately meet the increasing demand for telephone services and for rapid call connections and call security  , an automatic switching system requiring no operator was invented in 1889 by A . B . Strowger of the U . S . A .
To admit the provision of service by more than one network in any area of coverage .
To allow mobile and fixed network users to use the services irrespective of location ( i . e . national and international roaming ) .
To allow non - voice communication there are two  , Data Service Control Circuit ( DSCC ) in digital mobile communication system , one in the mobile station and the other in the D - AMS .
To allow the coexistence with  , and interconnection with , mobile systems which use direct satellite links .
To archive dual - homing protection  , two dedicated fiber spans are created from a special CO to its home hub and from that special CO - to the foreign hub .
To attain the above aims  , bisdn should be capable of supporting communication and semi - permanent Upermanent connection , point to point Upoint to multi - point connection , and instant reservation / permanent connection .
To avoid additional collision  , those nodes perform retransmission after a certain back - off time ( the duration of which is randomly selected for each node ) has passed .
To avoid such problem  , fh should have a hopping speed that can convert into other frequency within interferece measuring device response time , and required hopping rate should be larger than ( Tr - Td ) - 1 .
To avoid these  , the number chosen should be as close to the maximum as possible .
To be concrete  , a communication protocol means physical and electric conditions such as the shape of sockets , voltage , the signalling method and coding format for the transfer of information , etc .
To be concrete  , in order to enable communication between an existing analog telephone set and a digital telephone set , interworking must have been established between the ISDN and analog telephone network .
To be concrete when the connection type in the data network is a transfer rate of 2400kbps  , a connection type which assures the transfer rate of 2400kbps must be set in the ISDN .
To be exact  , the memories used in the time switch do not allow signals to be written and read at the same time .
To be of value  , a car 's phone system should service a complete economic zone or even the entire nation .
To be viable in the marketplace  , dsp chips at least support :
To carry out flexibly the exchanging  , dividing , and insertion of time division multiplexing signals , each country 's transmitting / receiving pulse should be synchronized in terms of time , if this fails , slip occurs .
To carry out switching connection  , information necessary for control should be exchanged between the telephone and the switching system and between the switching systems .
To carry out this  , information elements are extracted from the analog signals periodically .
To cause interference  , needed is a source of light whose light waves are in phase with one another in planes vertical to the direction of light propagation .
To check whether the above functions are carried out normally  , the switching system is usually equipped with the managing , operating , and maintenance functions of the automatic monitor , fault detection functions , and the fault location and time , and recording device .
To clarify the practicing department and to compile the plan of education and training .
To combat these problems  , it is necessary to detect any interference and jamming early , and to take precautionary measures against device breakdown .
To connect a call path  , information on the time slots are sent from the input side of the switching circuit to the output side .
To construct the satellite communications circuits with the communications quality recommended by the CCIR  , the S / N should be more than 50dB in average and the required threshold margin in the INTELSAT system is 5 dB .
To control and monitor communication links as required .
To control the call / connection processing of CCF  , scf needs to properly obtain the accurate information of call state through SSF .
To cope with these changes  , electronic switching systems are being integrated and new features , developed .
To correctly deliver the information from one terminal to another  , the equipment must perform transmission control , such as send / receive control , error control , and destination control .
To determine the circuit quality from C / N - I  , replace C / N on the C / N – BER curve or the C / N – S / N curve with C / N - I .
To diminish the interference of radio communication  , itu continues to research the following in addition to the proper arrangement of the gap of carrie wave under the regulation of RR .
To distinguish this layer with the recently implemented synchronous digital hierarchy  , the digital layer is called a plesiochronous digital hierarchy .
To do that  , it is necessary to find the C / N for the up and down links separately .
To each section  , 15 check bits and one dummy bit are added .
To easy system operation and Administration  , ds3s with the same priority are usually placed in the same fiber system .
To eliminate these flaws and assure an optical fiber strength  , a screening test is performed .
To enable light to fully reflect in the cores  , the refraction rates of cores is little greater than the refraction rates of claddings .
To ensure a fair evaluation process of all candidate codes under diverse conditions ( i . e . different levels of background noise  , different channel coding error attributes , and so on ) , the acquisition of the coded speech samples and quality assessment method should be completely .
To ensure simple call processing  , the call control D - AMS should be fixed throughout the call with the subscriber 's line assumed to be extended from the original D - AMS to the visited D - AMS after roaming .
To ensure steady operation of the TDMA system  , the reference station is solely in charge of system control and monitoring functions such as control of the procedure for changing the length and position of bursts and monitoring of the operation status of the system .
To ensure the confidentiality of a call  , each data channel is scrambled by the long code PN sequence of users .
To examine the received carrier level  , let 's study first the composition of the earth station .
To explain the structure of section and path overhead  , STM - 1 frames is explained in ( a ) and ( b ) of figure .
To flexibly meet the demand for digitalization  , the use of this cable must be planned according to the following policy with attention paid to the trends in digitalization demand .
To have a better understanding on light  , one must understand the fact that light can be interpreted as wave or particles .
To implement a mobile radio communication system  , it is necessary to harmonize various technologies to use frequencies effectively , provide high – quality and high level services , and implement economical system .
To implement the service  , multi - media data establishment and retrieval , multi - media electronic mail , group communication , and wide screen display technology are required .
To improve the accuracy of the phase compensation  , the 1200bps signal is transmitted at the eight times faster rate of 9600bps over the B signal trunk line .
To improve the antijamming capability  , the output coming from the linear feedback shift register is not used immediately .
To improve the network 's operation capability  , it is necessary to revolutionize the transmission line network structure .
To improve the reliability of digital microwave systems it is customary to use protection switching and diversity system configuration .
To increase the number of transmitting bits per Hz by introducing multi - level multi - phase digital modulation .
To inject light into the thin core  , an arrangement is made to concentrate light using lenses as will be mentioned in following section .
To maintain and improve good - quality communication service  , it is important to construct a distribution cycle that continuously circulates the results of obtained evaluation data from control to facility planning .
To maintain the normal functions of the satellite  , and .
To make available voice and non - voice telecommunication services to users who are on the move or whose location may change ( mobile user ) .
To make clear this problem  , a high - efficiency protocol suitable for satellite circuits or a propagation delay compensator can be used .
To make efficient and economical USE of the radio spectrum consistent with providing service at an acceptable cost .
To meet adequately a wide range of the needs of the people living in the initial stage of information age  , new services such as a data communications service , video communications service including TV telephone service , and mobile communications service are being developed and implemented .
To minimize delay  , the seven layers of OSI were truncated at layer 4 .
To normalize these sending and receiving quality factors  , the equivalent noise method is applied to assess speech coding .
To obtain the conditions of the filter in an actual transmission line  , therefore , Nyquist 's first theorem described bed below is used .
To over come those problems  , an automatic switching connection system using the 250 MHz band was introduced in March 1973 .
To overcome this reconfiguration speed problem  , the electrically controlled 1x2 optical switches can be controlled remotely , rather than manually , through simple programming of a small processor .
To overcome this weakness  , marconi successfully developed a wireless telegraph machine capable of carrying out communication between remotely located senders and receivers .
To overcome this weakness  , marconi successfully developed a wireless telegraph machine capable of carrying out communication between remotely located senders and receivers .
To perform modulation  , the amplitude , frequency or phase of the carrier which is sinusoidal signal must be changed .
To perform the power control in the forward link  , the base station reduces periodically the transmit output to mobile units , such an output decrease continues until the mobile units requests the additional output by sending and increase of frame error rate .
To perform this Hand over process  , the MBS always monitors the speech channel so that it can detect a mobile station during communication .
To prevent calls being sent to the wrong area  , the calls transmitted to mobile subscribers should be based on the actual location of the called party .
To prevent erroneous connection or charging errors  , an ID number is given to each set , an that ID is referenced and conformed on request .
To prevent interference  , interference is important to use an antenna a high directivity and establish a line by considering the conditions of other radio lines .
To prevent interruption of radio lines by rain  , the transmission output must be increased or the propagation distance must be shortened to compensate for attenuation .
To prevent signals from over occurring  , link confirmation and control processing response signal is can be bundled into one message .
To prevent this  , auxilliarydata are inserted into the output data in a prescribed manner .
To prevent this  , echo suppressors , or echo cancellers , are used .
To prevent this  , special attention is paid to environmental conditions for manufacturing , such as , primary coating immediately after drawing of manufacturing in a clean room .
To prevent this  , the echo suppressor compares the transmitted voice with the received voice and stops the operation of the echo suppressing switch if the transmitted voice is louder .
To prevent this phenomenon  , it is suggested that integration of fixed channel allocation and dynamic channel allocation and allocate hybrid which allocated in priority from fixed channel allocation or - re - allocation of the call which distributed by dynamic channel allocation .
To provide a framework for the continuing extension of mobile network services  , and access to services and facilities of the fixed network subject to the constraints of radio transmission , spectrum matters , and system economics .
To provide a modular structure which will allow the system to start from as - small and simple a configuration as possible and grow as needed  , both in size and complexity within practical limits .
To provide a self - healing function  , half of the bandwidth is usually reserved for protection .
To provide additional protection  , bits that would cause catastrophic results if error occurred are sometimes given further protection with , for example , crc error detection bits .
To provide an open architecture which will permit the easy introduction of technology advancement  , as well as different applications .
To provide high quality services under such conditions it is necessary to supervise and control the condition of radio channels so that the prescribed quality will be maintained .
To provide protection from hub failures  , dual homing uses a hub backup concept to ensure that some services survive .
To provide services in a seamless fashion  , cooperation and coordination among network operators are indispensable .
To provide sufficient clearance over the skyline in the direction of antenna elevation .
To provide these services over a wide range of user densities and geographic coverage area .
To radiate the service area by multiple spot beams from the satellite and maximum use the same frequency with proper separation of these beams .
To realize intelligent networks  , enough overheads should be secured on signal formats .
To realize the above efficiently  , the following conditions must be met .
To realized the above  , switching system network should be designed and then , set up adequately by considering call quality , call processing capacity , and installation and operation cost , and relationship between the transmission system and switching system .
To receive such a wave  , the receiving antenna must also be arranged in the same manner as shown in the upper right corner of the figure .
To reduce the costs associated with the DH ( D ) 1 DP architecture  , a simpler , cost - effective dual - homing architecture that uses the broadcast approach has been proposed ( 18 ) .
To reduce the degradation of speech quality due to bit errors  , it is necessary to investigate channel coding i . e . , error correction and detection methods .
To reduce the effect of degradation in the cross polarization discrimination  , the interleaved frequency arrangement as shown in the figure has been adopted for the frequency modulation ( FM ) system for TV signal transmission .
To register this number  , the customer dials the area registry representation number and enters his paging call number , a private ID number , and the service area number , in response to a recorded announcement over the phone .
To remove the limitations on receiving frequency synthesizers that enable frequency switching are replacing crystals .
To request the fetching of a managed object  , the manger process issues a Get - Request PDU to the agent process .
To request transmission  , a node demands allocation of a channel by the channel control equipment .
To request updating of the value of a managed object  , the manager process issues a Set - Request PDU to the agent process .
To respond to this demand  , advanced services such as the freephone ( or 800 ) service or credit card calling service have been provided by the public network .
To respond to this format  , the management functions of the network management system are distributed to individual subsystems , and are controlled by an overall management system .
To respond to this growing demand  , NTT DoCoMo developed a two - stage mobile communication network with mobile gate switching ( MGS ) and subscriber switches ( AMS ) .
To reuse the same frequency by adopting orthogonal polarization .
To satisfy the above mentioned condition on the boundary surface  , a standing wave should exist in the lateral direction due to interference between the incident and reflected light .
To satisfy the objectives of IN as described in the previous section  , not only the external interfaces but also the internal structure of the network and major equipment need to be standardized .
To see h ow the DH ( C ) / 1 : 1 / DP architecture works for both cable cuts and hub failures  , we use the example depicted in &lt; Fig.1.67 ( a ) &gt; and &lt; Fig.1.67 ( b ) &gt; to describe ' a network protection switching control protocol .
To select the location of each earth station where the antenna elevation is achieved at as high an angle as possible against the satellite and :
To set up a transmission system properly  , the selection of transmission medium , transmission method , and modulation / multiplexing method should be considered before hand .
To set up this type of passive optical subscriber network  , multiple access technology for upstream transmission and the multiplexing for downstream transmission and optical element technology such as optical transmitter / receiver and coupler should be secured .
To set up this type of passive optical subscriber network  , multiple access technology for upstream transmission and the multiplexing for downstream transmission and optical element technology such as optical transmitter / receiver and coupler should be secured .
To simplify our architectural description  , we generalize the concept of the fiber span .
To solve the above problems  , a continuous O codes having a certain length are converted to special patterns using a high - density bipolar ( BNZS , HDBN , Code ) , code .
To solve these problem  , the use of local PEC cable was introduced on a large scale in fiscal 1981 .
To solve this  , new underground distribution methods UG - B , UG - P , and UG - H systems were developed and put into practical application in 1973 using CCP - JF cable in which spaces around cable wires were filled with a compound .
To solve this problem  , a new DS1 regulation that prohibits the bit roving and 0 insertion is expected to be enacted in the near future .
To start service with the increased capacity at the proper time  , it is important to accurately determine when the increased capacity will be needed .
To study the characteristics of light interference  , let us take up Young 's experiment shown in Fig . 1.9 .
To summarize  , it can be said that an ISDN is a network which meets the demand of the advanced information communication era .
To summarize  , in order to increase the degree of multiplexing of the time switch it is necessary to meet three requirements , that is , the arrangement of pulses of 8 bits in parallel , a reduction in the number of times of switch access , and a reduction in the cycle time .
To summarize  , the main application of low - bit - rate speech coding are currently carphones and portable phones in cellular networks .
To support such Push Button ( PB ) tone services as seat reservation a PB Tone Sender ( PBTS ) circuit in the D - AMS inserts a PB tone into the speech path according to the control signal sent form the mobile station .
To surpress this  , facilities need to be designed with the smallest possible feeder system .
To systematize network management tasks  , it is necessary to make the information related to network resources into a data base .
To the desired communication party with repeated transfer and storage between computers and terminals .
To the introduction of fiber optics which make feasible the reduction of transmission line costs  , the overhead in the SDH can be added more abundantly than that in conventional systems , and can be cope with functional improvements in maintenance and operation .
To transmit optical signals  , multi carrier video spectrum that is the same as signals used for the cable TV transmission are sent out and accordingly , there is no need to convert complicated formatted signals during the optical / hybrid fiber conversion .
To transmit optical signals  , multi carrier video spectrum that is the same as signals used for the cable TV transmission are sent out and accordingly , there is no need to convert complicated formatted signals during the optical / hybrid fiber conversion .
To understand the light propagation principle of optical fiber  , one must understand reflection and refraction phenomenon generated on the boundary planes of two different materials .
To widely use optical - fiber cables in the telecommunications field  , on - site work such as cable laying and splicing must be as easy as those for conventional cables .
Today  , a 960 - 10 , 800 channel system employs coaxial cable .
Today  , as high - speed digital technology improves and efficient bandwidth modulation is used more widely , the potential usability of copper lines installed in order to provide POTS ( Plain Old Telephone Service ) is increased .
Today  , as high - speed digital technology improves and efficient bandwidth modulation is used more widely , the potential usability of copper lines installed in order to provide POTS ( Plain Old Telephone Service ) is increased .
Today  , however , switching systems must be capable of processing new communications services such as voice / video communications and various types of data communications and the telephone switching services such as abbreviated dialing and conference call , and this require more flexibility , expandability , and availability .
Today  , it is used more widely in the digital switching systems rather than the transmission systems .
Today  , this technique is applied to test equipment for mass selection and operation of code sequence in communication system or measurement or laboratory .
Today 's subscriber line networks have resulted from past expansion and changes reflecting social changes throughout the years .
Today the electrical telecommunications system is regarded as the most economical means available for communicating information and data .
Together with the SYNC code the reference station transmits an updated Dn to the traffic station to compensate for position error .
Token Bus system is basically the same as the token ring system  , but it does not circulate the token by physical connection like the token ring system does .
Token passing system : In the token passing system  , a signal called a token is cycled though the transmission line at high speed .
Token passing systems can only be utilized in ring type LANs and bus type LANs .
Too many loading coils or repeaters prevent rearrangement of cables .
Top loading antenna is used for fading prevention radio broadcasting  , and reverse L type or T type antenna is frequently used for vessels where the height of antenna is limited . Antenna current distribution is shown in .
Total demand after 15 years in a FDB is calculated by utilizing a Demand Distribution chart from the Market Research Division .
Total demand is compared with the existing number of pairs .
Total of overhead cable pair number over 600 pairs  , however , underground line will be used when the total of pairs is less than 600 pairs and :
TPON ( Telephone on PON ) which is the typical optical network  , is used for voice services and it uses TDM and TDMA methods .
TPON ( Telephone on PON ) which is the typical optical network  , is used for voice services and it uses TDM and TDMA methods .
Traditionally the analog transmission and switching systems of telephone networks were designed and administered by functionally independent organizations .
Traffic channels available include messages controlling calls  , handoff control messages , forward link power control messages , security / acknowledge messages and messages used for exchanging special information with the mobile unit .
Traffic concentration is a function for imputing / outputting traffic at a given concentration rate for the distribution stage switching network by means of concentrating traffic at a rate in accordance with the generally low operating rates of the subscriber lines .
Traffic from any node 1 to Node 3 is routed along the working communications ring from Node 1 to Node 3 ( i . e . Path 1 - 2 - 3 ) .
Traffic performance data are collected by the unit of transmission link unit and interface unit .
Traffic stations transmit bursts and control burst transmit timing by always following the reference burst .
Traffic stations usually perform burst synchronization by following the primary reference burst .
Train radio is used for operational control and contact between crew members .
Training on construction of strategic information networks systems Software Research Center .
Transaction processing starts when all required resources have been locked .
Transactions obtain a time stamp when they are initiated  , with newer time stamps having higher value .
Transactions should be completed or failed there is no hall – processing .
Transfer information must be added to transmission data .
Transfer insured operation is applied to point - to - point ATM layer connection only .
Transfer insured operation transfers all SDUs exactly according to the sequence sent by user layer  , insures transfer by resending lost or damaged cell and provides flow control mandatorily .
Transfer line and distribution line are realized by installing several type transmission equipment or outside plant .
Transfer of control information is through an on - line system  , which adds control information to data transmission , or through an off - line system , which sets up a separate circuit for control information independent of those for data transmission .
Transfer uninsured operation does not resend lost or damaged data .
Transitions indicate the normal flow of basis call / connection processing from one PIC to another .
Transmission by 4 - phase PSK modulation uses one symbol to carry two bits of information .
Transmission costs and quality uniformity are constant regardless of the geographical distance between earth station .
Transmission data are divided into a certain size transmission unit called packet ( 128 bytes or 256 bytes ) before being sent to the packet switching network ( hereinafter referred to as the packet network ) .
Transmission equipment modulates the input signal into carrier that has very narrow frequency beam width by using ASK ( Amplitude Shift Keying )  , FSK ( Frequency Shift Keying ) , or PSK ( Phase Shift Keying ) .
Transmission errors in assignment messages have a serious effect because channel misconnection or disconnection may occur .
Transmission field is made up of the subscriber transmission part that inter - connects a subscribers with the exchanges and end office transmission parts include wire transmission and radio transmission  , satellite communications , TV transmission , optical fiber communication , wave guide , underground communications and as well as regenerative repeater using various transmission media , organic combination and network synchronization of these devices , and maintenance and network management part of transmission network circuit and so on .
Transmission is carried out after changing ' O ' of PCM word into ' 1 ' and ' 1 ' to ' O ' and accordingly  , a large number of ' 1 's are gathered around the zero level and the extraction of timing signals during the receiving can be easily carried out .
Transmission is performed between the terminals and the control unit  , or between terminals through the control unit .
Transmission is the function of transmitting a signal from one place to another place .
Transmission line interface is at the connection points between the transmission line and the synchronous multiplexing equipment .
Transmission method is largely classified to analog  , pulse and digital transmission .
Transmission paths are not broken by disasters or accidents .
Transmission performance standards for video circuits for ITV service in NTT are shown in Table 6 - 4 .
Transmission System consists of sending and receiving devices  , and transmission media and repeater between them as shown in Fig.3.1 .
Transmission systems : The transmission system for a LAN is either a baseband system or a broadband system .
Transmission systems with large - capacities are achieved by combining lower – order multiplexed signals step .
Transmit power signals controlled by the control information sent from the base station are transmitted from each mobile unit to the base station .
Transmit synchronization is also divided into open - loop synchronization and closed - loop synchronization .
Transmitted every 1.25 ms  , the output control command can track Raleigh fading in the reverse link .
Transmitted information ( voice  , picture , etc . ) is converted by a converter into a signal that is appropriate for the transmission path and is then sent out by a transmitter through a wire or radio transmission path .
Transmitted information type and information transmission rate .
Transmitted signals are compatible with black - and - white TV signals ) .
Transmitting data reporting the number of samples and quantizing modes .
Transmitting power organization is limited to less than 10 mW for both cordless telephone sets terminal equipment  , but this usually provides an operating system range of up to about 100 meters from the terminal equipment .
Transparent connection provided by ATM layer for high layer is called ATM connection  , , which provides connection to terminal by chain connection of CE ( Connection Element ) .
Transponder hopping is a technique allowing access to more than one transponder using one TDMA terminal for TDMA operation .
Transportation  , electric power and water supply , newspaper publishers , news services , and broadcasting companies .
Travelling Wave Tube  , TWT , or Klytron are used for the HPA .
Trends in the number of customers of radio paging services in Japan is shown in Fig 9. .
Trial of AIN 0.0 began in mid - 1993 with Calling Name Delivery ( very successful ) AIN 0.1 deployment by the end of 1994 AIN 0.2 planned in 1996 - 7 .
Trial of AIN 0.0 began in mid - 1994 using Bellcore ISCP .
Trial of AIN 0.0 since Dec .1991 with two companies ( Continental Bank &amp; American Drug Stores ) offering seven services .
Trial of AIN 0.0 using Bellcore ISCP since mid - 1993 .
Triangular correlation of modulated signal with a sharp peak value becomes round due to band restriction .
TRT is an abbreviation for Timing Reference Transponder and SOF is short for Start of TDMA Frame .
Trunk - line networks are made highly resistant to large - scale cable failures by using two or more routes to increase total reliability .
TS is the method of changing the arriving type of each connection traffic based on the traffic descriptor of a corresponding connection for congestion prevention .
TSA assigns time slots to each ADM node on dedicated basis and maps service demands ( e . g  , ds1 and / or DS3s ) into these dedicated time slots in the high - speed , multiplexed signal .
TSI has flexibility with high - speed lines in terms of service and facility grooming  , but experiences transmission delays due to buffering .
TSI is inherently supported by lager cross - connect systems  , such as DCS 311 , which terminates signals at the DS3 level and cross - connects signals at the DS1 level .
TSI unit is composed of data memory  , address control memory represented as ACM and AC .
TTC focuses on the inter - network aspects of IN in its standardization .
TU - 2 can be considered as equal respective to TUG - 2 .
TUG - 2 is obtained when TU - 11 PTR is attached onto VC - 11 and then  , this is multiplexed into four .
TUG - 3 is again multiplexed into three TUG - 3s and FOHs and VC - 4 POHs are attached in front of them to obtain VC - 4 .
Turn - over is so complicated that construction costs are prohibitive .
Turning to the transport layer  , it consists of a single layer :
Twisted pair cable : This medium is normally used for telephone wires and consist of one twisted pair of conductors  , usually copper cores covered by polyethylene .
Two 075mm riser conduits are installed at a Lead - up Poit  , a suitable riser pole should be installed at an appropriate place to prevent the necessity of in the future , in due consideration of maintenance and operation .
Two approaches may be used to provide dual - homing protection : dedicated and broadcast .
Two baseband signals  , S1 ( t ) and S2 ( t ) , and the composite signals obtained from these signals are in Table 3.1 .
Two carriers different from each other in phase by ( π / 2 ) are modulated with these two binary signals  , respectively ; the two modulated signals are combined to form a modulated output .
Two hemispheric beams are provided in the INTELSAT IV - A satellites to achieve the frequency re - use by means of beam separation .
Two methods of network synchronization are available for DDI .
Two modes of access are available : ordinary access and parallel access .
Two of the three manufactures ( Siemens and Allocated SEL ) passed the acceptance tests and are continuing to provide services .
Two or more receive input be obtained by changing the transmit / receive frequency ( frequency diversity ) or by installing two or more Receiving antennas in different places ( space diversity ) .
Two reference stations are located in each of the zone beam areas .
Two tapes of multiplexing methods are available : a synchronous multiplexing method and an asynchronous multiplexing method .
Two techniques can be identified for the frequency reuse according to the method to be used ; beam separation and dual polarization .
Two types of combinations are available : the T - S - T configuration and the S - T - S configuration .
Two types of cordless telephone sets can be considered .
Two types of sampling are available according to the format of the pulse width peak ; a natural sampling and flat - top sampling .
Two types of services are available in the general switching system :
Two VLSI categories were developed for predictive coding and color separation circuits .
TWT has bandwidth of 500MHz and is capable of amplifying multiple carriers at the same time .
Type ( 4 ) and ( 6 ) involve monitoring levels of interference caused by reception problems or by other signals on the same frequency .
Type As are implicitly limited to be associated with calls having only a single point - to - point connection .
Type of service  , service area , communication quality objectives , capacity , power supply , interface to local exchange and subscriber terminal , frequency Band , initial cost , running cost : operation and maintenance cost such as personnel fee and material cost .
Type refers to written sentence pattern  , and value is the meaning applied to that sentence pattern .
Types of poles used are determined according to Table 2.5 in consideration of applicable areas  , economy , workability and social requirements .
Typical conditions of delivery failure are as follows .
Typical conditions to generate notification are listed below .
Typical data link protocols include HDLC and LAN control .
Typical example include TYMENET of the U . S . A  , GTE TELENET which is the commercial service of the ARPA network , datapac of Canada , transpac of France , pss of Britain , DATEX - P of Germany , DDX - P of Japan , and DACOM NET of Korea .
Typical examples include a knockout switch and ISF ( Integrated Switch Fabric ) switch .
Typical examples include the ATOM ( ATM Output Buffer Modular ) switch proposed by NEC and PARIS ( Packetized Automated Routing Integrated System ) of France .
Typical functions of MTP level 2 are error detections which may be encountered on the transmission – mission line  , recovery by retransmission , and flow control .
Typical NA value in the case of single mode optical fiber is about 0.1 and in the case of multi - mode optical fiber  , it is about 0.2 .
Typical network protocols include X25 for the DTE - DCE interface and ISDN user network interface .
Typical parameters are the connection type requested by the network function  , the terminating user ( called party ) number , the specification of information related to the supplementary services requested by the originating user ( calling party ) , etc .
Typical satellite communication system are described below .
Typical services among others are listed with rough service description in Table 5 - 1 .
Typically  , the balanced QPSK is used when the data rate and performance of two channels are the same .
Typically bit rate of PCM which has 8 bits quantizer about 8KHz sampling is 64Kbps  , but in DPCM bit rate decrease 3 50 kbps with 3 - 5 bits by down the sampling rate :
U ( t ) is the transition of frequency ingredient of u ( t ) by – 900 .
UA ( User agent ) : the US can be compared to the mail box in the postal system  , it service as a substitute for transmission and delivery .
UA corresponding to arbitrary recipient is under congestion  , e . g . mail box is full .
Ub ( t ) is the part passed the VSB sideband filter having 2b shifting width .
UDP ( User Datagram Protocol ) / IPs are utilized as lower protocols ( Figure 10.2 ) .
UHF ( 300 to 3000 MHz ) can use more than 50 channels .
Ultra short wave and higher frequency radio waves path through the ionosphere  , so they cannot be propagated using the ionosphere .
Unavailability = ( Unavailability for one station ) ( rain correlation ) ( unavailability for one station ) ^ 2 .
Unavailability factor other than rain include sun interference and equipment failure .
Unavailability time due to sun interference can be changed by the use of directional antennas  , it cannot be avoided for all earth stations .
Under the circumstances  , demand arose for introduction of a digital radio - relay system highly resistant to wave interference .
Under the severe competitive environment  , they think that quickly and flexibly .
Under this architecture  , if one of the OLTMs fails , ds3s terminated at the failed OLTM are switched to the protection OLTM and sent to their destination protection OLTIA through tire 2X , 2 optical switch in the bar state .
Under this condition  , all the condition , all the light is reflected .
Under this demand arrangement  , each special CO ensures that 50 percent of total demand is most affected if the home hub fails .
Underground cables  , installed in the vicinity of a DC electric railroad , are often damaged by electrolytic corrosion due to leakage current .
Underground distribution routes must be decided so that the underground facilities can be easily installed and maintained .
Underground lines are broken down into tunnel  , conduit and direct burial categories .
Underground transmission line is usually used for toll cable  , trunk cable and feeder cable for the cable .
Unevenly applied lateral pressure will cause micro - bending loss  , and water penetration into cables will greatly reduce mechanical strength due to optical fibers coupled with water , both of which are problems specific to optical fibers .
Unexpected delay may also be caused to retrieve some data such as authentication information from the home network in case of roaming .
Unfortunately  , nobody has yet developed a technique for determining the absolute performance of how well they mimic human speech .
UNI ( User - Network Interface ) standard is to define the rules to be complied with when ATM users attempt to connect with the network .
UNI 3.1 supports prompt call set - up  , one - to - multiple connection and the auto configuration of ATM address .
Unique words are also used for phase ambiguity resolution in carrier recovery .
Unit areas are established to allocate cable units that meet predicted demand over a 10 years period in a fixed distribution area for each main line .
Unit areas should be established in consideration of possible changes ( planned road construction planned house and building construction  , and vacant lands ) in future ( within 10 year ) area conditions along each route and the distribution areas of branch lines , after determining aerial routes of main lines ( including those that may become , main lines several years from establishment ) .
Units for transfer of information between entity &lt; N + 1 &gt; and entity &lt; N &gt; ( data transfer between adjacent entities ) .
Unless  , two or more mobile units select the same access channel and PN time array , the above transmit signals can be received at the same time .
Unless it is inconvenient for installation and maintenance  , cable to be laid should be as larger as possible to save duct space .
Unless the mobile unit is under the soft handoff  , the signal is transferred to one base station .
Unlike a narrowband system that multipath  , signals cause destructive interference detrimental to system operation , the multipath signals are used efficiently in rake receiver specially designed for the cellular system .
Unlike other PDUs  , it is used by the agent process to the manager process .
Unlike the . line protection switching scheme  , the path protection switching scheme restore an end - to - end STS or VT channel .
Unlike the conventional means that require only 4KHz line to offer the services  , 1 ~ 4 MHz , and 12 ~ 240KHz are utilized respectively for video , mid - high speed data , and facsimile transmission to satisfy their service characteristics .
Unlike the conventional switching systems run by mechanical switches  , No.1 ESS was a switching system utilizing electronic circuits .
Unlike the DH ( D ) / 1 : 1 / DP architecture  , the DH ( C ) / 1 : 1 / DP architecture does not split demands between its home and foreign hubs .
Unlike the previously mentioned logic channel  , this is a method that does not set up a logic channel between two subscribers .
Unlike the time division method switching elements  , the space division method is such that switching paths having bandwidth such as line speed between the input terminal and output terminal is configured in real - time in the elements for every cell and accordingly , the memory speed of elements should not be faster than 2V and the switching function control of elements can be distributed .
Unlike transparency transmission networks such as existing telephone or circuit switched networks  , the packet switching mode experiences transmission delay because it carried out the stored transmission in the network and operates based on the communications protocols .
Unlike two - way communications  , such as video conferencing , demand refreshing cannot be used in one - way communications .
Unnecessary parts of the retransmitted data are fewer in this method than that in the REJ method  , thus resulting in a higher transmission efficiency .
Unread Message display distinguishes between unconfirmed and confirmed received messages .
Until recently the IVC - 32M CODEC employs component coding .
Until synchronous terminal equipments were introduced  , connection between existing exchange , for example crossbar exchange , and analogue transmission lines were carried out at voice band level .
Until that pager receives a group code for the self - group to be received the pager is been building up .
Until the synchronous transmission method had the advanced form of unique characteristics  , metrobus and Sonet took the greatly contributive role .
Up / Down bidirectional information transfer should be prescribed for communication between adjacent layers of BISDN protocol reference model .
Up to now  , every time the bit rate has been halved , an associated doubling of coding delay has been tolerated .
Up to now  , iab has considered it as a subset for OSI .
Up to now  , satellite communication has been confined to fixed communication using parabola antennas , but recently , smaller low - priced systems have become available .
Up to now  , space has been utilized extensively for wireless communication and pair cables and coaxial cables , for wire communication .
Up to now  , the copper axis lines have been used widely for 140 Mbps and 565 Mbps class in the PDH series public network and accordingly , they are expected to be used to the support of 155 and 622 Mbps in the future .
Up to this time  , the only way that few computers are connected by LAN system has to use cable .
UPC is a series of actions taken to monitor whether traffic generated by the user via a UNI contact plane observes items agreed by CAC and impose restrictions on cells that violate commitments in order to protect the quality of the services for other connections .
Upon completion of data transfer  , the Transport layer releases the transport connection .
Upon introduction  , due to its simple design , the PAM switch was utilized for the mid capacity switching system .
Upon receiving the inquiry  , the system controller sends out the handoff request message to the adjacent base station .
Upon receiving the VP - RDI ( VC - RDI ) OAM cell  , the end point changes itself into the VP - RDI ( VC - RDI ) state and starts to carry out the fault management function .
Upon receiving this notice the MCU uses the signal control line to send the command to establish a speech path to the proper radio zone .
Upon reception of the IAP2 code  , the traffic station determines a new burst transmit timing from the current value of Dn in CDC and continues transmission of the Short Burst .
Upon reception of the IAPI code  , a traffic station generates an SOTMF by adding the Dn given by the reference station to the SORMF .
Upon reception of the SYNC code  , the traffic station determines burst transmit timing according to the updated Dn and transmits the full length burst which contains both the preamble and the traffic data to complete initial acquisition .
Upon specifying the time slots of highways 11 and 21 to the SCMs  , the controller writes into the individual SCMs values converted by the algorithm mentioned before based on Nos . differing by one from the paired sending and receiving side , that is two consecutive idle item slot Nos .
Upon the completion of registration  , the mobile unit and MSC add new areas onto these lists and assigns new timer 's time to all the existing areas .
Upon the success of ARPA network and packet switching technology  , many nations initiated the research on the packet switching data network and based on ITU - T proposed X.25 Recommendations necessary for the standardization of the interface between the public packet switching network and terminal , successfully developed them and started their services around 1975 .
Upon these bases  , it is the synchronous digital hierarchical standard that enabled to structure the global communication network through integrated accommodation of both the North American - type and the European - type digital hierarchy .
Urban development plans and land development plans in the area to be surveyed and adjacent areas .
US West again began the AIN trial with the Single Number Service in Oct 1993 .
US West initiated the Rapid Service Delivery ( RSD ) project in 1998 .
US West tested the AIN Release 1 capabilities in the trial and proved the technical feasibility of RSD .
USA played a leading role also in the standardization activities on IN in ITU - T ( former CCITT ) .
Use of the analog network for non voice services may require special compensation for various analog transmission impairments .
Use of underground line corresponding to article  , and of conduit or burial , must be decided upon from economical maintenance convenience and demand forecast point :
Use similar methods to carry out negative justification when the frenquency of corresponding VC becomes lower than TU / AU frame .
Use the equation to calculate the distance of regerator L ( km ) when the followings are given ; Transmit optical power Ps  , office loss of optical connector P , line loss ( Cable loss including connection ) a ( dB / km ) , system margin Pm , line margin Pc .
Used for indicating the re - transmission of the signaling unit by BIB .
Used for the re - transmission request of the signaling units when errors are generated .
Used traffic parameters are determined on VCC set - up under agreement between user and network .
Used traffic parameters are determined on VPC set - up  , under agreement between user and network , and network supervises if the parameters are kept .
User – network interfaces are standardized on the premise that various services  , such as telephone , facsimile and data communication , can be achieved .
User application optional including data transmission has extremely different upper layers .
User information may be transferred transparently through BISDN or through appropriate procedure .
User plane provides control function such as user information flow transfer  , flow control , error correction etc .
Users can readily use ISDN services by purchasing an ISDN terminal furnished with this socket and connecting the socket to the connector at home .
Users can select a desired service  , information transfer rate , connection type , etc . , on a per call basic .
Users of MESSAVIA are allowed to communicate with users in other mail systems which are connected to MESSAVIA .
USHRs and BSHRs can be further categorized into line and path protection switched SHRs  , according to the SONET level used to ( 1 ) convey failure messages and ( 2 ) trigger the protection switch action that enables the ring to recover from the failure automatically .
USHRs are sometimes called counter - rotating rings because the second communications ring ( for protection only ) transmits in the direction opposite of the first ( working ) ring .
Using a high - speed LAN network to allow all terminals to commonly use such equipment is much more economical .
Using branch services for high - speed digital circuits .
Using BS - FEC it is possible to reduce the overall redundancy requirement by about 20 to 30 % .
Using n1 = n2 the maximum acceptance angle is calculated as follows :
Using noise temperature ( T )  , the noise temperature ( T ) , the noise power ( P ) is denoted by P = kTB ( W ) .
Using optical cable and subscriber radio to provide separate routes for high - speed digital circuits .
Using OSI makes interconnection of different types of systems easy .
Using r3 = 0  , 7 , o3 = 380m , r4 = 0 , 6 , o4 = 270m as an example , we can see from the figures that for 4 or 5 incoming rays , irregularity in the fluctuation increase slightly .
Using specific backward signals ( A - 3  , A - 5 ) , the conversion form Group I to Group II can be carried out .
Using standardized sockets  , multiple terminals can be connected to an interface .
Using the above - mentioned time slot interchange procedure through the time switch  , the signals B ' , A , A ' … and C are arranged in this time sequence at the positions of time slots T1 , T2 , T3 … and Tn on the outgoing highway .
Using the Access channel idle / busy information out putted by the Paging channel the mobile unit selects an idle Access channel ( common control channel ) and sends a call signal that include its subscriber ID number to neighboring base stations .
Using the expressions you have studied  , you can obtain the received carrier power level at the satellite or earth station receiver after a long distance propagation .
Using the FD distribution system requires a full understanding of factors affecting the distribution system characteristics .
Using the NSYS found from equation 4.9 and the PR from equation 4.2  , C / N can be expressed using equation 4.11 .
Using the phase of the demodulated radio signal as the reference  , the bit deviation of the trunk line signal is detected , the phase is then compensated by that detected amount .
Using the regenerative repeaters  , telephone offices can detect these through remote controlling .
Using these codeword  , one of 64 orthogonal Walsh functions chosen is transmitted .
Using these VLSIs  , building up planes for the digital processing circuit were reduced to one - sixth the size of those the old codec .
Using this logarithmic characteristic quantizing noise at low signal power levels can be satisfactorily reduced and the S / NQ can be kept constant over a wide signal power range .
Using today 's advanced semiconductor technology  , high - speech DSP are manufactured that operate at over 20 MIPS for speech coding and over 100 MIPS for image coding , and it is now possible to code even half - rate PDC in a single DSP chip .
Usually  , coaxial cables and toll PEF insulated cables are used as toll cable .
Usually  , there are several possible ways to achieve the technical purpose mentioned in 2.1 .
Utilization of multiple channels gives it large - capacity transmission capability .
Utilization of multiple parents can resolve the problem with the layer model by eliminating duplicate data control .
Utilizing a standardized protocol enables smooth  , efficient system development .
UTP - 3 interface rate of 25.6 Mbps and 51.84 Mbps were discussed and 51.84 Mbps of them was selected .
UW is a code string with a predetermined bit pattern ; a different pattern is assigned to each transmit station .
UW0 is used as a unique word other than the multiframe marker commonly used for RB1  , rb2 and traffic bursts .
UW1 and UW2 are used as the multiframe markers of RB1 and RB2 respectively .
UW3 is used as the multiframe marker for traffic bursts .
V . K . Zworykin of RCA of the U . S . A . invented an electrical picture tube for T . Vs  , and coaxial cables , a more effective means of media transmission than conventional copper lines were manufactured .
V polarized waves are propagated in a different way from H polarized waves .
Vacant word pattern : This pattern is transmitted when there are no address code words or data code words to be transmitted .
Valid cell indicates a cell without header error or error corrected cell and invalid cell indicates the other cells  , which will be discarded in the physical layer .
Value allocated to a subscriber section  , assuming two subscriber sections and four inter - city sections .
Value takes into consideration appropriate Pair Rate and maximum units or each conductor gauge .
Varieties of information carried on radio waves  , that is radio telecommunications , have entered into our daily life , and we can fell the present time of the word around us by means of international television transmissions and international telephone connections .
Various activities are being carried out by computer and internetwork vendors including communication instrument vendors and network administration companies to establish the standards for multimedia LAN and WAN to be applied efficiently to multimedia computer .
Various antennas are used according to the purposes .
Various cable design is possible by choosing one of the two types at the stages of fiber coating and cable grouping .
Various causes of optical loss are explained in the following ; :
Various distribution units areas mixed in one fixed distribution area .
Various kinds of color television systems have been developed and employed .
Various kinds of functions available are as follows .
Various noise and emitted in the transmission line  , causing pulse errors .
Various standards concerning transmission mode and transmission quality are recommended by the CCIR .
Various studies were made before a commercial test was conducted on the new distribution system for subscriber lines starting January 1980 .
Various techniques  , such as narrow band transmission , time multichannel access , and small zone configuration ( cellular system ) , are used to utilize frequency efficiently .
Various television signal coding systems for compressing the data rate ( called redundancy reduction techniques ) have been studied .
Various transmission systems have their interfaces for the existing digital and analogue hierarchies .
Various type of call switches including electromagnetic mechanical and electronic switches are used in the switching systems .
Various types of serve can be transmitted on the same transmission line .
Various types of signals from the base station / sector are identified by the time offsets of basic codes .
VBR source  , source coding scheme capable of controlling the quantity of information generated depending on situation is adopted , can receive feedback control as well .
VC - 3 can be multiplexed into VC - 4 after being routed to TU - 3 or it can be directly multiplexed into AU ( Administrative Unit ) by routing AU - 3 .
VC - 4 and VC - 3 signals consist of every payload envelope and POH area having 9x1B size located in front of the payload envelope .
VC ( Virtual Container ) is formed if adding POH to Container and TU ( Tributary Unit ) is formed by attaching PTR additionally on that .
VC provides logical unidirectional connection between link terminals that transfer ATM cell and VP provides the logical connection of virtual channel .
VCC ( Virtual Channel Connection ) refers to the connection of virtual channel links to connect points that interface with ATM Adaptation - Layer .
VCC may be provided via switching system or provided as a permanent or semi permanent connection .
VCI is pre - assigned in NNI in the following 4 cases ; unassigned cell indication  , physical layer cell indication , meta - signaling VC indication and general broadcasting signal VC indication .
VCI or VCI / VPI translation procedure is requisite  , because ATM cell header is handled in ATM network elements such as ATM switching system , digital cross - connect system , concentration system etc .
VDT service  , a key broadband communication network value added service , is applied to subscribers for home .
Vendor system for IN can be classified into the following four categories mainly based on where the service control function ( SCF ) is located .
Verification of service data is rather a difficult issue .
Very broadly  , the IN defines a two - layer architecture consisting of an intelligent layer endowed with capabilities to actually implement advanced new services and a transport layer that supports basic call connection capabilities .
Very low frequency band is mainly used for submarine communication and navigation communication .
Vessels that operate in certain navigation areas  , and are of certain types and to manages , are required to have radio installations that handle these frequencies .
VHF / UHF antenna is between linear antenna of HF and solid antenna of micro - wave thus it takes the advantage of having the characteristic of both .
VHF simplex system are used in many cases as one of the communication media because of its simple handling and economical features .
Video lines that can transfer 4 or 8 MHz color television signals and audio signals by FM system can be established in any place according to the user 's purpose .
Video transmission services for ITV ( Industrial Television ) have been furnished since 1970 in Japan  , using the ITV - 4M system which utilizes twisted pair cable .
Video transmission using baseband signal is limited to short - distance transmission  , since the transmission quality tends to degrade due to noise or waveform distortion which may be caused during the process of transmission .
Virtual channel link mean unidirectional virtual path to carry ATM cells between a point where VCI is assigned and a point where VCI is translated or released .
Virtual path link means virtual channel link group that connects points where VPIs are assigned and points where VPIs are translated or released .
Visibility range communication using the band of very high frequency ( VHF )  , which had been continuously researched before the World War , was realized owing to the development of the components for HF and UHF essential to the development of radar .
Vocabulary of terms Used in the Definition of IN .
Voice - operated transmission ( VOX ) is a power - saving feature that automatically switches a speech codes to standby mode when the user isn't speaking or when the radio transmitter isn't sending .
Voice and video signals may become equalized bit rate signals according to the digitalization method .
Voice communication is main demand at present  , but non voice communication demand , that is machine to machine or machine to human communication , for instrance computer communication , message communication , video communication .
Voice communications became possible as Alexander Graham Bell invented the telephone in 1876 .
Voice information to be sent out are convolution encoded so that the receiver can detect errors and correct them .
Voice paging and voice message storage will become possible .
Voice recognition  , being applied to some services already by a couple of network operators , also has much possibility to be utilized in the IN environment .
Voice signals ( analog signals ) on incoming circuits a  , b , … and n are coded by a coder - decoder called a CODEC into the 8 - bit digital signals A , B … . and N .
Voice signals sent from the transmit side are faithfully reconstructed on the receive side in so far as the detection of presence or absence of pulse is not missed .
Voice storage in case of called party busy or no responses is a good example .
Von Neuman  , based on this , successfully developed the stored program computer later .
VOX  , which is the function for cutting the transmission when there is no voice in the communication , can further reduce power consumption .
VPC ( Virtual Path Connection ) refers ton connection of virtual path links to connect point where VPIs are assigned with points where VCIs are translated or released .
VPC may be provided via switching system or provided permanently or semi - permanently .
VPI / VCI section records virtual path ID and virtual channel ID to partition cells included in the same link .
VPN or closed communication is to be provided among member terminals  , for example , by way of private number dialing and based on group - specific services profiles .
VSB  , used for broadband modulating signal which has important low frequency ingredient as in TV video , facsimile or high speed data , can be obtained by passing almost all of one sideband of DSB or AM and a part or remaining of the other sideband paraliel with formula ( 2.7 ) , S ( t ) can be .
VSELP is used in full - rate methods both in the US and in Japan and is a kind of the CELP systems .
VT path protection switching SHR is defined as a ring where VT path are switched for ring rearrangements  , and an STS path protection switching SHR is defined as a ring where STS paths are switched for ring rearrangements .
W hen receiving a call from the third party while in busy state  , the busy subscriber can set up a call automatically to the third party .
Waiting is required  , but collision dose not occur , so even very high traffic has little affect on transmission efficiency .
Walsh function modulation in the reverse link is a simple method used to get 64 - aryl modulation aligned with two information bits .
Wander is affected by the phase difference between input signals and the charging state of the pointer processing device .
Warm Start Trap : Reports that the agent system is operating and service has started ( when there has been no change in the configuration of the managed object ) .
Waveform fidelity is most important for television signal transmission .
Waveguides are hollow metal tubes like water pipes  , but the conductivity and smoothness of inner walls are very high .
Waves explained in the preceding paragraph are ones propagating in a free space .
Waves radiated from a satellite are greatly attenuated until they reach Earth .
WDM ( Wavelength Division Multiplexing ) transmission is similar principle with the frequency division transmission in the radio communication of microwave  , submillimeter wave , millimeter wave , etc .
We also have distortion noise due to non - linearity of the FM modulator and demodulator .
We also have distortion noise generated in the demodulator itself .
We are currently attempting to create paging systems that can be operated in many different places by switching reception frequencies  , and are changing over to multi frequency pagers fitted with synthesizers .
We are going to examine this noise one by one following the allocation as shown in Table No.17 .
We are going to learn about digital communications  , focusing particular on PCM .
We are going to study in sequence the functions of the subscriber line interface  , trunk interface , central switching network subsystem , and network synchronization equipment .
We are going to study the principles of an ISDN which are set out in Recommendation I.120 .
We are therefore going to discuss the reflection and refraction of light hereafter .
We can accomplish the TDM of the three channels without overlapping .
We can completely eliminate the effects of noise and interference caused between two adjacent repeaters and prevent these effects expanding to succeeding repeaters .
We can completely reconstruct the original analog s from these samples .
We can know that the overheads in STM - 1 exceed 10 % when DS - 4E signaling rate is 139.264 Mbps .
We can neglect the installation cost of the metallic cable in the villages .
We can say that the history of developing low - loss fibers was that of reducing the absorption loss caused by metal ions or hydroxyl ions .
We can see that the optical transmission system is similar to that of the conventional pair cables or coaxial cable transmission method except that it converts electrical signals into optical signals and vice versa at the receiving side .
We can understand from Fig 1.5 also  , that remarkable progress has been made in satellite communications since the first commercialization of satellites in 1967 .
We carry out the system selection using the results of need identification and strategic decisions .
We carry the field survey not only to check the obtained data also to collect the further necessary information .
We define a Yspan as a generalized span having three OLTMs at three ends of its Y - type structure  , with a PS serving as a branch point .
We determine the area to be introduced the telecommunication services  , mainly considering the following things :
We forecast the total traffic of a typical rural area using demand and calling rate in the following way .
We have already learned that connection types represent the functional modes of communication channels set in the network on the basic of service requirements set out by users who are making calls .
We have also succeeded in developing pagers that incorporate frequency synthesizers .
We have intermodulation distortion  , echo distortion , distortion of demodulator , amplitude distortion and thermal noise for this category .
We have learned that the average S / N should be more than 50dB in order to establish the satellite communications circuit to meet the standards recommended by the CCIT .
We have learned that the e . i . r . p . or equivalent isotropically radiated power  , radiated from the earth station to a satellite , can be expressed by the equation shown in the slide .
We have learned the causes to produce intermodulation and its characteristics .
We have so far studied what kinds of components compose digital exchange  , understood that circuit switching in digital switches is performed by time slot interchange , and studied what kinds of techniques are used for accomplishing time slot interchange .
We have studied that the noise power of N at the input of the demodulator can be expressed by kTB .
We have the wavelength  , velocity ( c ) , and phase as the basic quantities to specify light propagation , together with the concept of equiphasal surface which helps us understand it .
We have to make strategic decisions considering administrative policy  , type of service , service area , communication quality , other technical aspects and financing .
We have to study the towns and villages in terms of population  , governmental offices , business , income / family etc .
We installed STECS to control synchrous termiter equipment .
We may easily understand that many countries employ T - S - T type networks .
We may understand that data is read out from the secondary time switch at random .
We need the detail map to know the geographical conditions for service area implementation planning .
We need to consider the existing network information such as building power  , exchange , transmission etc , including these future expansion .
We need to get the enough information on the infrastructures such as electricity  , road etc , other than telecommunication , in order to check the station construction site .
We now live in a period of transition into an advanced information - oriented society owing to technological innovation in various fields .
We plot the data on the map for proper understanding of the planned rural area .
We predict the following development for receivers :
We should note that SS No.7 layer 3 signaling network functions include signaling message handling functions and network management functions .
We then must look at SS No.7 as ( 1 ) a specialized data network and ( 2 ) a signaling system .
We usually consider that a rural network should be part of the national network .
We will study details of the system configuration and communication our lesson on Maritime Satellite Communications . .
We will study in detail the mechanism of a high - power amplifier  , crosstalk distortion caused by nonlinear characteristics and countermeasures against such crosstalk distortion in our lesson on High - power Amplifier in Radio Frequency Subsystem . .
We will study these methods in detail in our lesson on the INTELSAT Operation Plan .
We will study user – network interfaces in more detail in the next chapter .
We will then discuss the synchronization of the TDMA frame in relation to a group of transponders .
What determine the structure of multi - mode optical fibers are the four parameters  , the core diameter , outer diameter , numeral aperture ( NA ) , and the refractive index distribution profile as shown in Fig . 1.18 .
What Einsteins called photons have a speed of light  , with static mass of 0 ( zero ) in accordance with the theory of relativity .
What follows is a summary of the connection control differences between car phones and other mobile communications systems .
What is the [ C / No ] in dB - Hz  , if the noise bandwidth is 10MHZ ? .
What is to be managed and how it is to be managed is all determined by the MIB .
What kinds of differences are there between T - S - T and S - T - S type networks ?
What makes them different from light waves and x - rays is only the frequency .
Whatever the phase exits  , the equipment small need at least one - frame capacity in its elastic memory for any combination of the phase .
When 30 to 100 subcribers are scattered around a local exchange or an expected base station .
When 7 frequencies are used in the FDMA / FM system  , currently allocated frequency band provides 57 traffic channels per base station and 2 control chanels .
When a base station cannot receive the radio transmissions from neighboring stations that are located only one station away  , phase compensation is not possible .
When a busy token completes one cycle and returns to the originating node  , that node rewrites the busy token as a free token and outputs the free token on the transmission line , and ề is completed .
When a cable is buried along a road  , whose bed is not sufficiently firm , conductor creepage is caused by passing vehicles .
When a call control D - AMS with no idle channel receives an originating call it claims an extra channel in a neighboring base station and extend the subscriber line to the D - AMS to which that base station belongs .
When a call is received by a mobile subscriber  , the sender is charged for the call .
When a calling party take the receiver off the hook  , a start signal is out putted the switching system through the relay system for that subscriber , ( this relay system is hereafter called the subscriber line ) , and the switching system then identifies the call party .
When a conversation is carried on over a telephone circuit  , or a message is sent over a telegraph circuit , the telephone instruments or telegraph equipment at both ends are connected to each other by metallic conductors , so that electric current carrying communication signals can flow between them .
When a frame travels through the loop and returns to the originating node  , that node removes it from the loop .
When a line is scanned completely  , the next lower line is explored .
When a network consists of a mixture of analog and digital equipment  , universal use of the network for services such as data transmission dictates conformance to the least common denominator of the network : the analog channel .
When a paging call number is dialed  , it is sent to the Central Base Station in the Main Service Area where the number is registered .
When a PEC cable is connected to a stalpeth cable in series  , the cross talk characteristics of the whole line depend upon those of the stalpeth cable – the outstanding characteristics of the PEC cable cannot be utilized .
When a person carrying a Pocket Bell is called the call number dialed by the caller from an ordinary subscriber phone is received from the LS exchange office and registration of pager subscriber is confirmed .
When a phenomenon ( Event ) occurs or is generated on the Agent side  , the Agent reports the Event to the Manager .
When a receive station receives Uws from the reference station at regular intervals  , timing references in frames are established and the necessary signals can be received ( Receive Synchronism ) .
When a satellite is used  , communication is made possible which a simple configuration by relaying the satellite one ( earth station - satellite - earth station ) between two long distance points .
When a signal is frequency - modulated  , its power is concentrated around the center of the used frequency band , so that mixing of the quadrature component wave can be reduced using a filter if a frequency arrangement like this is used .
When a small gap exists at the joint  , the gap causes reflection lass .
When a specified event is generated on the Agent side  , the Agent uses Trap to notify the Manager of that fact .
When a station transmits a burst in the TDMA frame for the first time  , it is necessary to achieve initial acquisition without disturbing any other bursts .
When a subscriber in the PSTN estimates that the called mobile subscriber is within 160km of the sending office  , the subscriber dials 030 ( service ID No - message billing index ID No ) + xxxxxxx ( subscriber No ) .
When a subscriber lifts the handset the direct current becomes closed  , linking the telephone to the subscriber 's exchange via the subscriber 's line ( two - wire system ) .
When a terminating subscriber is in the local exchange  , a local call path is used .
When a terrestrial network employs TDM digital transmission  , direct connection of the multiplexed digital signal is possible without breaking the signal down to the voice channel level in the interface between a TDMA system and terrestrial digital network .
When a traffic station receives the DNTX code  , it has to stop transmitting all bursts .
When a transaction updates multiple data bases  , a sub - transaction is set for each data base , and each sub - transaction is set to the secure state without commitment .
When A type is used  , corresponding SDH regenerator and end - office equipment should satisfy the specification of A type tolerance range of &lt; Table 1.11 &gt; .
When a word user – network interface is used  , the network refers , of course , to a communication network .
When A0 equals 0  , the system is called the OOK ( on - off keying ) system .
When all communications are disabled for more than two hours .
When all sub - transactions are in the secure state  , the main transaction performs all commitment processing at the same time .
When all the trunk lines are occupied during the above steps or the terminating subscriber is busy  , a busy tone is transmitted to the originating subscriber .
When an all - digital network is designed with enough regeneration points to effectively eliminate channel errors  , the overall transmission quality of the network is determined by the digitization process and not by the transmission systems .
When an assignment message consisting of a satellite channel number and an international channel number is received  , the map can distinguish the output terrestrial channel corresponding to the specified international channel in the assignment message .
When an earth station is constructed  , provisions of the Radio Regulations Appendix 28 concerning the coordination distance must be complied with in order to avoid the mutual interference between the earth station and terrestrial microwave systems .
When an electric field is applied parallel to this electron accumulation layer  , the electrons move with a very high mobility since they do not suffer any dispersion due to donor atoms , since they are spatially separated from the donor atoms of the mother material .
When an exiting signal is applied to a varator diode ( a diode whose capacity changes with the bias voltage )  , its circuit parameters change and a negative resistance is created , resulting in amplification of the input signal .
When an obstruction to radio waves prevents reception form the reference station  , the phase is adjusted via a phase monitoring and control station .
When an open wire line or a cable route passes through an area where lightening frequency occurs  , arresters or other appropriate devices should be installed to protect personnel and equipment .
When Anh telephone call is made  , the human voice is about 4 kHz , and the television video signal is transmitted , 1000 times the sound .
When answering  , the ringing tone is interrupted and the state changes into busy state .
When applying hierarchy concepts on this digital transmission process  , the transmission path can be classified into a path layer , multiplexer section layer and regenerator section layer , and physical medium layer ( or optical layer ) .
When applying the above equation to the spread spectrum multiple access system  , interference power I can be represented by C ( N - 1 ) and here , n refers to the number of users of W bandwidth .
When assigning a newly available normal satellite channel # j to an international channel # I to which an overload satellite channel # k has been assigned  , an assignment message satellite channel # j , international channel # is transmitted .
When assigning satellite channel # j to international channel # i  , an assignment message satellite channel # j , international channel # I is transmitted .
When assuming the arriving time of kth cell to be Ta ( k ) and that instance  , X ( k ) to be the water level of bucket , and the arriving time of cell evaluated as in conformance with the contract ( that has arrived time just before the kth cell ) to be LCT ( Last Compliance Time ) and the water level of bucket measured at that time to be X , the following is true .
When assuming the duty cycle of transmit signal to be ' d 'received interference power can be indicated with N . d by using the equation ( 3 - 2 ) .
When ATM is used  , the capacity of service channel is calculated by the number of ATM cells .
When attempting to connect call X that has entered to the first channel of output line 1  , the channel order of X should be changed since the first channel of output line 1 has been already seized by A .
When being connected to the control circuit  , the originating subscriber hears the dial tone and then , transmits the terminating subscriber number .
When being connected to the terminating office or tandem office  , both offices exchange necessary information such as terminating subscriber number with each other .
When both satellite channel # j and the output  , terrestrial channel corresponding to international channel # 1 are already connected with other channels , their existing connections are released and then their new connection is established as assigned .
When burst is generated  , burst source transmits the cell in which burst transmission request is included in order to ask the transmission status .
When calculating C / I ratio with only location distance in the 7 frequency reuse pattern using a non - directional antenna  , the average C / I value between mobile units located in the worst locations between the two cells is 22.3dB ( the calculation is made with location distance ) .
When calling from a mobile communication network to the PSTN  , the procedure is the same as for the PSTN numbering system just described , but when calling from the PSTN to a mobile communication network ( such as the cellular phone network ) , the numbering system will differ according to the type of mobile communication service being called .
When carrying out the flat - top sampling  , a squeezing called aperture effect distortion occurs .
When cell radius is R  , the typical guard time ( g ) is 2R / C ( sec ) , where C is light velocity .
When cells entering from different input ports into the switch are directed toward the output port at the same time  , output port collision occurs and accordingly , cell loss or cell delay is generated .
When cellular system is introduced in nearby urban area .
When CELP was first proposed  , it was thought that the large amount of computation involved would make it impossible to achieve in practice using the analysis - by - synthesis ( A - b - S ) method described below .
When channel are switched during communication  , instantaneous cutting of the switching time occurs in the radio channel and at the AMS .
When classified by dielectric material  , there are three kinds , optical fibers consisting mainly of quartz glass ( quartz optical fibers ) , one consisting of multiple kinds of glass ( multiple - material optical fibers ) , and plastic optical fibers .
When communication is terminated  , the outgoing node notifies the channel control equipment of termination of communication , and that equipment releases the channel to complete communication .
When compare sector cell allocation with omni cell allocation by cell site number  , it seem that the frequency reusing efficiency is low because the cell number is large .
When compared to 1 : 1 / ODP  , this architecture saves the cost of an additional fiber pair and provides the same protection for all the working systems simultaneously and uniformly .
When compared to its hubbing counterpart  , the ring may need higher - speed ADMs because it shares not only fiber facilities , but also multiplexing equipment .
When compared with each other  , the laser diode - LD and light - emitting diode - LED are different in the width of light beam from the light source element , and LD is better than LED in coupling loss even when the light is concentrated with a lens .
When compared with line mode communication system  , there is a basic difference between line mode communication and ATM communication in that line mode communication assigns channel for each service and transfers information signal in bit stream through the channel , where as ATM communication partitions information signal and transfers the information using ATM cell through virtual channel .
When comparing ( a )  , ( b ) in figure and ( c ) in figure , we can easily know that the synchronous digital hierarchy has a structure that is much simpler than that of the plesiochronous digital hierarchy .
When comparing the above equation with that of BPSK  , d1 ( t ) appears on the upper arm of Costas loop and on the lower arm , d2 ( t ) appears .
When completing a series of operations by executing the commands sequentially as has been discussed  , and then reaching to the commands representing the control results , these are output and then , read .
When connecting equipment from deferent makers  , and these problems must be resolved in order to realize network management that fully utilizes the characteristics of a multivendor system .
When connecting the voice signal from the calling party to the called party by receiving the address information from the calling party  , the exchange operates interworked with other exchanges to complete the connection .
When connecting two optical fibers  , they must be but jointed with good alignment .
When connection has been established  , the session layer performs negotiation and control of the right to transmit , setting of the transfer mode ( ordinary , priority , control , receiving capacity ) and reopens the interrupted point if an error occurs .
When considering phase compensation  , the station in an area which serves as the standard is called the central base station , and the stations which are adjusted to match it are called the satellite stations .
When considering receiver C / N  , it is not possible to find a total C / N for both links at the same time .
When constructing a computer network that is composed of numerous unspecified systems .
When continued sinewave signal whose amplitude and phase angle are variant is .
When data is read out from the time switch at random  , the content written in the SCM corresponding to the time switch is read out .
When data transfer is completed  , the connection is cleared forward ( Communication system like the telephone ) .
When data transfer is completed normally  , a request for release of the session connection is outputted and when acknowledgment of release is received from the other party 's session entity . Normal release is performed .
When DDI is employed  , it is necessary to make adjustments in clock frequency between two digital networks for proper signal processing .
When deciding the value of these parameters  , we should consider the affects each parameter produces on various optical fiber 's characteristics as shown in Fig . 1.19 , ease in production , and economy .
When defects such as LOS ( Loss of Signal )  , LOF ( Loss of Frame ) , and LCD ( Loss of Cell Delineation ) or circuit open occur on the physical layer , the network elements ( nodes and others ) that have detected fault send the AIS signal of physical layer to the network elements of other side that is located in the downstream and then , the network elements that have received AISs send RDI signals to the upstream direction .
When defects such as LOS ( Loss of Signal )  , LOF ( Loss of Frame ) , and LCD ( Loss of Cell Delineation ) or circuit open occur on the physical layer , the network elements ( nodes and others ) that have detected faults send the AIS signal of physical layer to the network elements of other side that is located in the downstream and then , the network elements that have received AISs send RDI signals to the upstream direction .
When designing the long distance multiplexing transmission mode along with analog  , must be note to the S / N ( signal to noise ratio ) .
When desired  , the effects of channel errors can be effectively eliminated with error control procedures implemented by the user .
When desiring to send signals from input 1 to output 2  , gate S12 should be activated during the desired time slot period .
When development demand can be expected based on the results of the general – condition survey  , the demand is added up for each fixed distribution area .
When dial number are accumulated  , the terminating subscriber are confirmed .
When difference in refractive index is small as between the core and clad of optical fibers  , the total reflection phenomenon on the boundary surface is not like the one on a mirror surface but accompany infiltration if light into the clad .
When differentiating a by using L as a constant the minimum value of is obtained under the following condition .
When digital transmission is made using metallic cables  , a wider band is required in comparison with conventional analog voice transmission , causing cross talk , noise and intermittent disconnections .
When digitally transmitting analog TV signals  , it is necessary to encode them into digital signals , as in the case of telephone signals .
When disconnecting an overload satellite channel # j from an international channel  , an assignment message satellite channel # j , international channel # 0 is transmitted irrespective of the international channel number .
When discussion radio wave propagation  , it is convenient to consider the radio wave path as a straight line using optical geometry .
When DSI is employed  , the number of input terrestrial channels is larger than the number of satellite channels .
When DSL is used from a certain curb to each subscriber  , high bit rate can be transmitted .
When each mobile unit send the uplink burst which is generated the timing itseft in downlink TDMA signal  , sometimes the burst collides because the each distance between mobile from the base station is different .
When employing the area base registration method  , the cellular system is divided into several areas or location areas .
When employing the partial common control method  , the switching system can be separated into several shelves and accordingly , whenever necessary , additional shelves can be installed easily for system expansion .
When employing this method  , switching elements are made up of dual ported memory shared by all the input and output ports .
When employing this method  , the entire call switch is first examined and then , unseized information on each part are collected for connection path selection .
When employing this system  , most of times , one or two frames made up of primary traffic data which are encoded voice signals are converted into signal data as in the case of the analog FM system .
When equation ( 2.4 ) is set to 4phtht / ld &lt; 0  , 5 rad , that is the reflected wave is almost horizontal to the ground surface , the following equation can be obtain for r = 1 and r = 1800 .
When errors are detected  , an error detection signal is sent from decoder to coder by a backward channel .
When executing a positive justification  , an invalid data is transmitted by loading to the byte just after H3 ( V3 ) .
When fi much larger than Af in equation ( 3 )  , it can be simplified as shown in equation ( 5.18 ) because the second term can be neglected .
When formulating the above equation  , the transmission characteristics of optical fiber has been considered carefully .
When free 10 - pair units exist on the upstream and downstream sides of a reduction point  , they must be spliced .
When free 20 - pair units exist on the upstream and downstream sides of a branch point  , which of the downstream and branch sides is to be connected to the upstream side must be decided in consideration of future demand .
When frequencies above 10GHz are used in satellite communication circuits  , circuit quality is controlled by unavailability due to rain , instead of the normal BER ( digital ) or S / N ( analog ) .
When frequency difference occurs between TU and AU frame or VCs which are their payloads  , pointer bytes can be used to solve these by using positive / zero / negative justification .
When indicating the amplitude of continuous voice with finite numbers  , it is represented with the approximated waveform of the step .
When information is placed over radio wave  , the frequency width is widened .
When information signals are analog signals  , a A / D conversion is carried out and D / D conversion is carried out in the case of data signals .
When inspect this signal at receiver part  , both coherent and incoherent can be possible to use in ASK and FSK but only coherent can be used in PSK because the information is the signal phawe .
When it answers to a certain paging channel and as a result  , several mobile units request the use of access channels at the same time , the mobile unit carrying out the transmission can select access channels form available access channel group randomly .
When it captures the free token  , it adds the destination address to information it wants to transmit and sends it as one signal ( busy token ) .
When it is 0 the corresponding code word is a data code word .
When it is installed perpendicularly  , as shown in the lower right corner of the figure , the wave cannot be received , even if it enters the waveguide since it is not coupled with the coaxial circuit .
When it is necessary to connect with another network and exchange network management information  , what kind of information and how to transfer it must be studied .
When it is necessary to modify the abstract or transfer syntax used during communication  , the Presentation Layer performs addition / deletion of the presentation context .
When it is on standby  , the mobile station must be able to receive calls efficiently while traveling randomly about the area served by a large number of radio zones .
When it is true  , the speed of light that is bent respective to a long path is increased as the refraction ratio is reduced and accordingly , it arrives the output terminal almost the same as light that has propagated in a straight line .
When it occurs a error in received packet because of collision  , the base station request the resending to mobile .
When jitter does not exist in the input STM - n signal  , the jitter generated in the output STM - n signal of SPI must not be exceed 0.01 UI .
When launching satellite  , accidents are possible and the life span of a satellite is about 7 years .
When light forms an angle f1  , respective to the normal line on the boundary surface of two different types of media and enters medium 1 , light angle refracted to medium 2 is f2 and that reflected of medium 1 is f2 .
When light ray A ' arrives at point C ' at the boundary  , light ray A is already at point C in the medium whose refractive index is n2 .
When load is 0.586 or below  , performance improves as the number of input buffers is increased and in the case where there are 20 input buffers , cell loss rate is 10 - 6 or below for the input load of up to 0.5 .
When m = 1  , it is subdivided into 11 and 12 and they represent North American system DS - 1 and European system DS - 1E class bit rate respectively .
When mapping from each hierarchical signal to container is also made with 125ms unit  , DS - O signals obtained through 8 kbps sampling can appear transparently even at the high - level hierarchical signal .
When more than two paths with the transmit time difference of or longer exist  , a multi PN receiver can be used to discern the maximum signal of each path for reception .
When multiple access is considered from the standpoint of channel allocation  , it can be divided into preassigned multiple access and demand assignment multiple access .
When multiple rays the receiving point due to reflection  , diffraction and scattering , in is generally called multi - ray propagation , and the ray reaching the receiving point are called multi - rays .
When multiple transactions are simultaneously processed in parallel  , it must be ensured that data conflict does not occur .
When multiplexed voice signals are transmitted based on FM ( FDM - FM : frequency division multiplex – frequency modulation )  , the higher is the frequency of a voice channel among ones arranged at certain intervals , the lower is the S / N after demodulation .
When n = 2  , the QAM is identical with the signal layouts of 4 PSK , and when n = 4 , it becomes 16 QAM , and when n = 8 or 16 , it becomes 64 QAM or 256 QAM .
When n channels are multiplexed  , the bit rate become 64n kbit / s .
When n1 is greater than n2 in equation 1.7  , f2 becomes vertical angle and accordingly , a certain penetration angle that is not refracted in medium 2 exists .
When neighboring base stations are subject to call traffic corresponding to 30 % of the normal capacity  , the capacity of base stations experiencing high traffic is increased to about 120 % of normal capacity .
When newspapers and magazines are currently made into CD - ROMs and moreover  , the multi - media compression / decompression techniques and hyper - media information presentation techniques are advanced , the demand will be radically increased .
When no outside plant facilities exist  , it is necessary to construct underground conduit line .
When non - uniform side pressure is applied to an optical fiber  , the axis of the fiber is bent slightly ( about several m ) , causing the optical loss to increase .
When on access time is 30ns  , calculate the number of channels that can be interchanged per frame .
When one COT ( Central Office Terminal ) accommodates several RTs ( Remote Terminal )  , its access type is called a feeder network .
When one time slot is divided into the write and read cycles to have an equal time interval as shown below  , calculate the time intervals of the write and read cycles under the following conditions .
When only a spare duct is available  , replace the existing cable with a cable of larger size .
When only small number of calls are made to neighboring base station  , more channels can be allocated to base stations having greater traffic .
When OSI is introduced into an existing network architecture step by step .
When overload satellite channels are generated  , bit stealing takes place only from speech interpolated satellite channels .
When overload satellite channels are used  , signal quality degradation due to an increase in quantization noise is observed not only for signals on the overload satellite channels but also for signals on normal satellite channels from which LSBs have been stolen to generate the overload satellite channels .
When part of a signal is degraded by fading beyond the error correction capability  , the decoded speech or predictive filter coefficients of the good data immediately before and after the lost data can be used to produce a continuous transition over the affected region .
When planning and implementing PEC cable introduction  , conditions of existing data circuits must be surveyed to prepare maps of digital fixed distribution areas for facilities maintenance and management .
When processing is completed  , all resources are released .
When pulses of 8 bits are converted from serial to parallel pulses  , an empty time interval corresponding to 7 bits per channel is produced .
When radio waves are transited in free space  , the radio of the transmitted power to that received at a location of distance R ( m ) is given by :
When RB1 and RB2 are successfully received  , the primary reference burst is selected as the source of timing .
When receive synchronism has been established  , it is then necessary to determine the transmit timing .
When reviewing the characteristics of shared memory method  , the efficiency can be improved by 100 percent and its implementation is possible with the small quantity of memories .
When reviewing the characteristics of shared memory method  , the efficiency can be improved by 100 percent and its implementation is possible with the small quantity of memories .
When roaming capability is provided over many networks  , mapping between each terminal or person and its / his home network may become very complex .
When satellite channel # j is assigned to international channel # I  , an assignment message satellite channel # j , international channel # 0 is transmitted for refreshment .
When satellite channel # j is not assigned to any international channel  , an assignment message satellite channel # j , international channel # 0 is transmitted .
When selecting ( n - r ) order and detecting all of its status  , the code generator has a pseudorandom generation distribution as long as two times the code cycles .
When sending a digital code  , as shown in the following figure ( a ) , for example , psk modulation is performed for a signal in which the polarity of the whole of a higher speed code ( as shown in ( b ) ) is inverted instead of simple 0 and 1 ; the resultant signal ( shown in ( c ) ) is transmitted .
When several input cells have output addresses at the same time so that output port collision occurs  , only one cell is selected by using the trap function and selected cells are collected with the concentrator function .
When several simultaneous transmissions of the above types are carried out  , the Eb / No of channel decreases and the same access channel and PN time array are used , and as a result , all the available processing resources of base station are spent completely .
When signals are arranged in parallel  , 8 bits for one channel are considered as one time slot and the eight physical lines from the converter are considered as one highway .
When subscriber 1 attempts to transmit packets to subscriber 2  , subscriber 1 places an identifier ( other subscriber number / logic channel number ) for identifying the destination of this packet into the packet and then , sends it tows A .
When subscribers are connected by mesh  , the sender selects the desired communication path are the connected by a mesh , the sender selects the desired communication path and the connection is completed when the called party answer .
When such collision is detected by nodes  , the nodes stop transmission and shift to their resending procedure .
When the Address and Data discrimination code bit is 1 the corresponding code word to the bit is an address code word .
When the amount of data in the memory reaches a predetermined value  , data of one PCM frame are compulsorily skipped or repeated in reading .
When the amplitude frequency characteristics is not constant with respect to frequency  , the relative level relationship between each spectrum will collapse and the waveform will be destroyed .
When the antenna is much smaller than the wavelength  , as in pagers , impedance matching with the receiver is easy .
When the bandwidth of 1.25MHz is used  , the radio capacity per base station is 98 channels .
When the bit error rate of a received burst is higher than the criteria or the unique word of the received burst is lost  , a traffic station transmits an alarm message to the other traffic station which transmitted the imperfect burst .
When the bottom of the field is reached  , the same process as that of the previous field is repeated from the top .
When the call is set up and acknowledged by the mobile a communications is completed that links a user on the fixed network – the PST – MGS - D - AMS1 ( the call control office ) – D - AMS2 ( the visited office ) - BS2 - and finally the mobile .
When the call is terminated from the other office  , the input register is seized via an input trunk .
When the called party acknowledges the call a communication path is completed linking MS - BS2 ( the visited office ) D - AMS1 ( the call control office ) – MGS the fixed network - the called party 's line .
When the called party answers  , the V - AMS stops output of the calling tone , connects the wire circuit form the entry point in the PSTN to the MBS and the MCU , and starts metering call charges when communication begins .
When the caller replaces the handset at the end of the call  , the caller 's direct current circuit .
When the caller 's local exchange detects the closure of the line  , it stops totaling the time charges . At the same time , all exchanges along the connection route cancel the connection .
When the calling party is cut  , and down the receiver , call termination is detected , the path is cut , and the metered time is sent to the message billing index .
When the carrier of the angular frequency  , is amplitude modulated signal S1 ( t ) having the baseband spectrum of S1 ( w ) the modulated wave spectrum E ( w ) , can be represented by a Fourier transform as shown in .
When the channel error rate exceeds a certain threshold value  , the error correction code cannot correct errors and degradation occurs .
When the clock frequencies of the incoming transmission line and digital switch are different from each other  , the switching node becomes asynchronous .
When the code division multiplexing method fails to meet the line interface requirements during the sue of DS system  , the TH system can be used instead to provide a TDM system for signal controlling .
When the command of the MSC is transferred via the base station before the transfer  , the mobile unit starts to receive the signal of the second base station .
When the commercial computer was first introduced  , all processing was off - line .
When the communication line runs close to a power line or an electric railroad  , abnormally high voltage and noise are generated in the communication circuit , due to contact or electromagnetic induction , causing danger to personnel and equipment , and disturbance to the communication .
When the connections are changed between input terrestrial channels and satellite channels at the transmit side  , it is also necessary to change the connections between satellite channels and output terrestrial channels at the receive side in a consistent manner .
When the content on the time slot counter is 2  , signal B in time slot T2 is written at address # ... in the time switch .
When the conversation is continued  , it is necessary to switch the speech channel ( figure 8.12 ) .
When the converted to Group II by backward signal A - 5  , the conversion to Group I is possible .
When the core diameter and NA are given  , the amount of light acceptable by the core is fixed .
When the demodulator comes into normal operation with the establishment of carrier - clock sunchronism  , unique words ( UW : synchronizing word ) mentioned in the following are detected .
When the diameter of the core is reduced and the refraction ratio difference between the core and cladding is decreased as shown in figure 1.6  , only lights that move straightly can be allowed to propagate .
When the digital transmission system is employed  , required SNR is determined if the specification or error rate is given .
When the earth is regarded as approximately complete conductor and the half image is considered  , the earth antenna comes to be same as dipole antenna .
When the equiphasal surfaces of electric field are considered  , the equiphasal surfaces corresponding to the incident light and the ones corresponding to the reflected light are superposed on each other as shown in Fig.1.13 .
When the existing cables in the distribution areas subject to expansion do not satisfy the total number of necessary 10 - pair - units calculated in the preceding paragraph ( 1 )  , new cables must be installed to satisfy this number .
When the frequency interleave is implemented  , the equivalent C / N is given by adding the amount of reduction of interference due to the frequency interleave .
When the frequency is high  , the radio wave can be propagated only in a certain direction because it moves straightly .
When the frequency is high or low  , it means the electrical field changes largely or slightly as shown in fig 2.4 .
When the frequency of writing is higher than that of reading  , double write is carried out .
When the home hub fails  , each dual office associated with this affected hub restores demand via its designated foreign hub .
When the incoming and outgoing circuits are synchronized with each other on the network shown on the slide  , time allocation t1 on the highway corresponds to incoming and outgoing circuits a and a ' , time allocation t2 to incoming and outgoing circuits b and b ' and time position t1 , to incoming and outgoing circuits n and n ' .
When the input signal includes just one frequency f1  , the output signal contains the fundamental component of frequency f1 appearing from the first order term , the component of frequency 2f1 from the second order term , the component of 3f1 as well as 2f1 and f1 form the third order term , and so on .
When the line is connected to switching equipment  , it is necessary that the conductor resistance be low enough to enable the equipment to operate under a very small amount of drive power and to reduce transmission loss to a minimum .
When the loop test confirms that the radio speech path is good .
When the medium to be penetrated is air  , n0 = 1 and accordingly , the range of q , can be known using the following equation .
When the message signal which limited bandwidth is described properly by sampling values  , these sample values , amplitude , pulse - width or related position which are the parameters of pulse about each sample , make PAM , PDM , and PPM pulses .
When the mobile subscriber makes a call to a telephone in the PSTN  , it is possible to output the start signal through the relay system corresponding to that subscriber in the PSTN .
When the mobile unit does not use paging channels  , the communication between a mobile unit and base station is carried out through access channels .
When the mobile unit enters areas not specified in these lists  , the new registration is carried out by the mobile unit .
When the mobile unit is not busy  , sync channel , paging channel and access channel are available so that base station can determine the signaling system .
When the mobile unit is using traffic channels  , signals are directly transferred through the traffic channels and as a signaling system , a blank - and - burst system or dim - and - burst system are used .
When the mobile unit starts to receive the signals of new base stations  , the mobile unit receives the latitude and longitude information of the new base station .
When the MUC receives the start signal through the MBS  , it selects the resident MBS as that MBS that has the highest receiving level , captures an idle channel in that MBS , and notifies the mobile unit of the radio channel number , the mobile unit the captures the designated radio channel and returns a loop test signal transmitted by the MBS , the MBS confirms that the loop test through the radio path is good and the sends a start signal to the V - AMS through the MCU .
When the next time slot T2 comes  , signal B is written at address # 2 in the time switch .
When the number for messages to be stored exceeds the memory capacity  , the messages are deletes in order of age and new message are stored .
When the number of active input terrestrial channels exceeds the number of available satellite channels  , no satellite channel is assigned any longer to newly active input terrestrial channels and freeze - out occurs .
When the number of input terrestrial channels exceeds 60  , the DSI gain becomes greater than 2 to achieve higher DSI efficiency .
When the number of input terrestrial channels is 60  , the DSI gain is 2 .
When the number of input terrestrial channels is 60 or less  , the DSI gain cannot be large .
When the number of input terrestrial channels is more than 60  , the DSI gain becomes more than 2 and more efficient use of satellite channels becomes possible .
When the optical fiber is bent suddenly the angle between optical path and boundary may become greater than the critical angle and accordingly  , loss leaking toward the cladding side is increased .
When the pager power is on and the paper is out of the area  , first , the pager receives a start code .
When the phase angle of angle modulation signal is qc ( t )  , then angle modulation signal S ( t ) is shown generally as following .
When the present MBS and the new MBS belong to different AMS  , hand over between the AMS is processed by using CCS ( figure 8.13 ) . As shown in figure 8.14 the cable between the AMS and the MNS through which the mobile unit is communicating and the cable between the MBS and the MBS into whose zone the mobiles unit is moving can be made available before the mobile unit is switched to the new radio channel .
When the primary reference burst is lost  , burst synchronization is continued depending on the reference burst from the secondary reference station .
When the propagation time is tn for traffic station n  , the SORF of the traffic station n is given by adding tn to the SOF at the satellite .
When the pulse is 1  , the carrier is output , and when the pulse is O , the carrier is not output .
When the pulse is 1  , the direction of the carrier amplitude is inverse to that when the pulse is - 1 .
When the quantized step is constant  , S / NQ changes according to the signal level .
When the radiation source is at the focus of parabola reflector  , total reflection come about at reflector and the wave goes parallel with the axis of parabola to get good directivity .
When the radio wave is propagated in the air  , the receive power decreases or changes due to changes in the air condition or interference of several transmission paths .
When the ray reflected from building # 1 reaches the receiving point  , the path length difference between it and the direct ray is identified as o1 , and the ratio of the amplitude of the reflected ray to that of the directly ray is r1 since the electric field intensity .
When the read - out operation is performed simultaneously for 16 blocks in this way after 15 times of writing operations  , the time slots on the incoming highway are use delicate for read - out operation at a rate of once in very 16 times .
When the received power at the communication satellite is lowered  , then the output from the earth station must be lowered ( output back - off ) .
When the redundancy pattern at the receiver deviates from normal  , decision errors have occurred .
When the reference of synchronism is being changed  , this may be relaxed to 15625 + 0 , 02 % % .
When the reflected rays arrive from building # 3 and # 4  , the total number of incoming rays are 4 or 5 , and the fluctuation in electric field intensity will be as show in figure 2.16 ( iii ) and ( iv ) .
When the service area is plan like automobile call  , many cells are allocated complicatedly by repeated cell pattern on the area without vacancy .
When the signal to be transmitted is binary  , the amplitude is changed to A0 and A1 , corresponding to signal values 0 and 1 , respectively .
When the signals arrive at the mobile unit receiver through various paths  , there can be a difference in the receiving time , which is calculated by dividing the difference of the path distance with the velocity of light .
When the subscriber receiving the call has a fixed phone  , the procedures are the same as those shown in Figure 7.1 .
When the subscriber receiving the call lifts the handset  , his or her direct current circuit is closed , just as the caller 's was at the start of the call .
When the succeeding time slot T3 comes  , signal C is written at address # n in time switch .
When the superimposed map cannot be obtained  , an off - shelf city map is used .
When the surplus or deficit of the transmitted data exceeds a proper amount  , compensation is performed at the interface of the two digital networks .
When the switching system receives the data  , it determines whether the call is from its own in - office exchange or another office .
When the terminating station is evaluated to be a local station based on the number of the terminating subscriber transmitted  , the busy test of the terminating subscriber is carried out .
When the terms related to the hierarchy contrasted  , physical medium , regenerator section , multiplexer section , and path layer called in SDH are referred to as optic , section , line , and path layer in SONET .
When the terrestrial network is an independent digital network from the TDMA system  , network synchronization is established by plesiochronous interface .
When the time interval is T1  , the traffic station can determine the Start of Receive Multiframe at the station by subtracting T1 from the receive timing of the multiframe marker UW1 .
When the time of time slot Tn comes around as a result of the increment operation of the time slot counter associated with the control store  , the data stored in the control store is read out and sent to the gate circuit .
When the total number of cable units is short of maximum number of pairs  , the number of pairs must be carefully chosen , avoiding decisions that might result in excessive facilities .
When the total number of procedures requested for execution is less than 3 for new assignment  , reassignment and disconnection , the refreshment procedure is executed for the remainder .
When the traffic is very unevenly distributed  , care should be taken to deploy channels in a suitable manner .
When the traffic stations are station 1  , station 2 and station n , arranged in ascending order of distance from the satellite , the propagation time becomes longer in proportion to the distance between the satellite and the traffic station .
When the transmission distance is long  , line repeaters are placed in the optical line as required .
When the transmit power of each mobile unit is controlled in such a way that it can reach the base station with the minimum signal - to - interference ration  , the system capacity is maximized .
When the two bits are different from each other  , signal from transmission is stopped .
When the vocoder is operated at its max  , rate ( 8000bps ) , data can be inputted at a ½ rate of the above ( 4000bps ) and the remaining bits are used as signals and overheads .
When the vocoder is operated under the max  , rate , it is not subject to rate restriction .
When there are different formats for expression of information ( letter code  , etc . ) to be exchanged between application layers .
When there are N number of mobile units in a cell  , the transmit output of mobile unit is controlled and accordingly , the number of valid interference units is N - 1 regardless of the locations of cells .
When there are two base stations  , one can be made the central station and the other the satellite station .
When there are two or more paths for a ray to reach the receiving antenna because of reflection etc …  , interference is generated .
When there arise requests for execution of more than four connection control procedures in one TDMA frame  , three procedures are performed in order of priority .
When there is a requirement for installation of new underground plant a route best fit to the proposed requirement will be selected after comparative study on economical and technical phases among routes tentatively selected from roads that satisfy the following conditions :
When there is connection with another network  , special attention must be paid to preventing illegal access from the connected network .
When there is no input jitter  , the jitter of the demultiplexer should not exceed 1 / 3UI and 1 / 5UI respectively .
When these messages are read by the subscriber they are automatically moved from the mail box into arbitrary retrieval file which described below .
When these reference bursts are properly received  , the primary reference burst is selected as the source of timing .
When these signals are received by a color TV receiver  , the original color pictures are reproduced by forming original signals out of luminance signals and color difference signals .
When these two bits coincide with each other  , the TE starts transmitting the signal frame .
When they differ only by one byte  , the stuffing pulse is inserted onto pre - defined time position .
When this call is completed the billing data is sent from the V - AMS to the subscriber 's H - AMS by using the CCS .
When this fourth - stage satellite station is operating as a station .
When this is examined in terms of the same data transmission capacity  , it can be seen that the more multileveled the modulation method is , the slower the speed of the baseband signal becomes , making the spectra more narrow .
When this system was introduced in major American cities  , demand soon exceed capacity due to the limited number of channel separation was reduced to 30 kHz in1995 expand the number of available channels to it .
When time division multiplexing of digital voice signals was introduced into the exchange area and communications engineers began considering digital switch  , it became apparent that time division multiplexing operations were very similar to time division switching functions .
When tk is k th pulse of time position  , in uniform sampling tk = k . Tg tou ( k . Tg ) , in non - uniform sampling tk = K . Ts tuu ( tk ) .
When traffic data are available  , we will estimate the busy hour calling rate from actual data .
When traffic demand to a certain destination is large enough and sufficiently large DSI gain can be obtained solely with the input terrestrial channels to that destination  , a single destination DSI may be employed by obtaining permission form INTELSAT .
When transmitted  , each binary digit is represented by only one of two possible signal values ( e . g . , a pulse versus no pulse or a positive pulse versus a negative pulse ) .
When transmitting coded information  , several pulses are required for each sampling value and accordingly , frequency bandwidth necessary for transmission is widened .
When u - law companding is employed in a domestic network  , conversion to A - law companding is required .
When u1 exceeds a certain angle  , the light ray does not proceed into the medium whose refractive index is n2 any more .
When ultilizing this network for the VDT service  , it is expected that about 70 distribution type TV channels can be transmitted through the use of MPEG - 1 / 2 system .
When unavailability due to rainfall is dominant  , the hourly unavailability rate due to rainfall must be determined , then the probability of this occurrence must be calculated , as shown in Fig 4 - 3 , to determine the unavailability allowance for rain .
When using 120 degree sector in the FDMA system  , C / I value is increased by about 6dB .
When using coding methods that estimates the source of the original sound  , such as CELP and the multi - pulse method , the following two methods can be used to find the number of the optimum pulse or the index of the stochastic codebook .
When using PFM modulation  , a demodulation function corresponding to this should be assigned to the receive side .
When using the distance base registration method  , the base station sends out its longitude , latitude , and distance parameter by means of system parameter messages .
When using the diversity mode  , the mobile unit finds out the strongest multisignal from up to three base stations by using search receiver and carries out tracking .
When using this switch  , the switching is performed in the multiplexing stage and according to the stabilized call characteristics of PCM .
When using this system  , all the cells arriving to the input port are multiplexed with the time division method on the common high - speed transmission media ( bus or ring ) .
When utilizing the analog switching system and digital transmission line  , an encoder and decoder are use for call services to convert signals into voice again at the switching point .
When utilizing the digital system and digital transmission line  , only a terminal device capable of carrying out only simple function is required since digital signals are switched at the multiplexing level .
When video signals are not present ( when the picture screen shows black only )  , the TV - signal spectrum is concentrated in a narrow frequency range , which , together with its high carrier power causes a strong interference to any other systems using the same frequency .
When voice is detected on an input terrestrial channel to which the satellite channel is not connected  , a satellite channel connected to an inactive input terrestrial channel is sought and assigned to the newly active input terrestrial channel .
When we assume that light is simply made of electronic wave  , energy transferred to the electrons is the square root of the amplitude , that is , it is proportional to light intensity and therefore , electrons should be emitted irrespective of the frequency of light , which is impossible .
When we consider the electric power  , the first and second terms in equation ( 2.19 ) are identical , so equation ( 2.19 ) can be rewritten as :
When we determine the traffic in rural telecommunication  , we usually use the term Subscriber 's busy hour calling rate and subscriber demand .
When we examine the multiplexing result  , we can know that each of 84 TU - 11 signals can be accessed on VC - 4 .
When we make network planning  , we need to determine the capacity of equipment , based on the traffic .
When we observe the displacement of the water surface at a certain point of time at various points on the x - axis in Fig . 1.6  , the water surface shows a regular variation as shown in Fig . 1.6 ( a ) .
When we observe the water surface at a certain point of place it is just swinging up and down  , and a leaf on the water surface does not travel with the wave .
When we plan a rural network  , we adopt the same methods of network planning as we plan a national telephone network .
When writing up to 15th time slot is complete  , reading is performed for all 16 blocks simultaneously in the 16th time slot .
Whenever packet to be transmitted is generated  , the mobile send the packet to the base station .
Whenever there is even a small possibility of phase deviation on either of the routes  , it is necessary of install phase compensators that have automatic phase compensation capability rather than fixed - phase equalization .
Whenever traffic takes place  , each earth station converts it into packets and sends them to the satellite ; however , retransmission may be required because of collisions ; the transmission efficiency ( through - put ) of a satellite channel thus sharply drops with any increase of traffic .
Where  , ao indicates pulse width which is not modulated , P ( t ) is pulse shape , m is modulation rate which can be in contrast with AM modulation rate , because it is unipolar pulse , so it is [ 1 mu 9k . T ) ] &gt; 0 , about normalization condition [ u ( t ) ] u ( t ) £ 1 , the modulation rate is limited m &lt; 1 .
Where  , d is a – diamer of reflector , k is a constant of efficiency . And 3 dB beam width is large scale antenna is obtained as following :
Where  , d is the distance between transmitter and receive , l is wavelenght of using frequency .
Where  , however c ( t ) is random number , the value of its is limited ± 1 , the square of c ( t ) is always 1. So z ( t ) is same as shown in the following :
Where  , it is modulation constants , au is pulse amplitude , P ( t ) is the type of pulse .
Where  , k is BoltZman 's constant ( 1 , 38 x 10 - 23 J / 0K ) , b is the bandwidth ( HZ ) of receiver , and Ta is a absolute temperature ( K ) that can be shown by antenna .
Where  , k is Boltzmann 's constant ( = 1.38 10 ^ - 23 J / K ) , b is the bandwidth ( Hz ) and T is the absolute temperature .
Where  , t is the duration interval which is not modulated , m is modulation rate as a role in PAM .
Where  , the conversing area of a base station is zone , several zone makes a switching station , and the boundary that a switching station can handle is a traffic zone .
Where A indicates the height of the wave ( called the amplitude )  , t the phase at time t . and the speed of phase variation per second ( called the angular velocity ) .
Where A is the amplitude  , fc the frequency and θ the phase .
Where a received frequency is IO  , the magnification of MPC ( Multiplying Circuit ) is k a frequency derived from VCO . F1 and the reference frequency of F1 tal , F2 .
Where C is data transmission capacity  , l is the number of levels , and F is the signal speed .
Where D / U : desired signal to undesired signal power ratio ( dB ) .
Where DR : Power density ; A : Effective antenna area = ( 4πD ) η .
Where Eb is the power per bit at the receiver input ( W ) .
Where F2 / M = f2 and f1 / N = F1 . When an integer N is fixed  , this circuit gets F1 as F1 = F2 is by controlling voltage in VCO .
Where Gb ( w ) has the characteristics that the characteristics in the region near the carrier frequency ( the effective transmission band ) of G ( w ) that is shifted in parallel to the baseband  , so that it is called a low - pass band model equivalent .
Where it is hard to construct overhead lines due to the presence of roads  , houses , traffic and so on .
Where it is unsuitable  , for maintenance purposes , to use the overhead line in special locations , such as a railroad crossing , under a bridge , though a river or building , etc .
Where it should be noticeable that the relation between FM and PM shows that the phase modulator  , and vice versa .
Where overhead line could mar the beauty of the city .
Where overhead line is unsuitable because of inductive interference by an electric railroad or power transmission line .
Where the number of pairs of existent Lead - up Cable do not satisfy Lead - up Cable units after 5 years establish Lead - up Cable in principle .
Where the pulse waveform is thought to be represented by the sum of the basic wave component and the third harmonic component  , the third harmonic component will have a delay time longer than the basic wave if the pulse characteristics exist as shown in Fig.2.34 ( a ) .
Whereas in the packet switched network  , the local concentrators which are dispersedly located far away from the switching system concentrates call traffic on to a place where the switching system is installed .
Whereas multi - pulse techniques represent the original sound as a combination of pulses  , the CELP method uses a codebook of stochastic signals indexed in terms of their signal widths , from which the sound most resembling the original signal is found , and the number of that sound is transmitted .
Whereas on the left side rectangle that is indicated as AM represent the asynchronous multiplexing process during which each hierarchy signals are formed .
Whereas the CELP code shown in Figure 6.6 requires 512 candidates  , the VSELP code shown in Figure 6.14 requires only 9 .
Whether to fill up the bucket with water or not can be determined with the following evaluation criteria .
Which category each base stations is assigned ( i . e . which stage or central of satellite station ) is decided on the basis of what type of station the output data sent from the encoder to the base station is intended for .
Which form of configuration to take for line facilities  , aerial or underground , is generally based on the application guidelines shown in table 3.12 .
Which is the layer directly above it  , guarantees the transfer of data through error detection , recovery procedures , etc , and improves reliability .
Which path is most suitable depends on the frequency being used and the distance it must travel .
While  , if SIBs are too much service dependent , they may not always fit to new services required .
While  , upper two planes are still to be refined .
While  , with SCE the service programmers generate the service software by combining software building blocks with simplified description or the graphical user interface ( GUI ) .
While ATM communications system is closely relate to packet communication system in the point that it employs ATM cell as a basic transmission means  , it is differentiated from the packet communication in that ATM communication can handle real time and even constant rate signals equally .
While benchmark services for CS - 1 were intended to be supported only by one network  , some internetwork services are included for CS - 2 .
While in a medium whose refractive index is n the light velocity is 1 / n that in the air whose refractive index is 1 .
While in the downlink  , however , interference occurs when the transmitting antenna of satellite 2 also illuminates Earth station 1 and the receiving antenna of Earth station 1 also has sensitivity in the direction of satellite 2 .
While input digitals are written into another memory  , this guarantees TSSI ( time sot sequence integrity ) , meaning within the same frame though this processing .
While ionospheric layer can be regarded as conductor flat - board in propagation of low frequency band ion layer is like huge dielectric whose refraction radio change constantly because the change of ion density in 2 wave length is slight in high frequency band of shorter wave length .
While ITU - T were working for the standardization of broad band channel at that time  , t1 committee came to propose 149 Mbps as the North American proposition which is three times of 49 Mbps , which means that T1 committee whom had chosen 50 mbps class rather than 150 Mbps technically admitted the appropriateness of 150 Mbps .
While NTT was examing the restructuring of networks  , ccit advanced the standarzation of a new interface .
While operating with one base station  , the search receiver investigates the multipaths generated by the reflection of topography and buildings .
While that by the converter at the receive side is called demodulation .
While the basic configuration signal of narrowband ISDN is distributed around voice signal  , the signal rate distribution of BISDN includes the other digital layers and various video signals and high speed data - signals .
While the D – channel protocol is a user – network protocol  , no.7 signalling system is an intra – network or inter – network protocol .
While the IDR provides mainly transmission channels for public switch networks ( PSTN )  , the IBS provides dedicated circuits for customers .
While the mobile station has call status  , the channel must be maintained in optimum condition .
While the mobile unit is not in use  , it waist for paging and at the same time keeps the nearest base station informed of its location as it moves across the paging area .
While the Multiple Area Service is suitable for those customers who need to operate their pagers from a few distant prefectures  , the Wide Range Radio Paging Services useful for those who frequently operate over a few adjacent prefectures .
While the telephone network is set up for voice communications  , the circuit switched data network is installed for data communications .
While the top - down approach focuses on identifying the set of services and service features and requirements to realize them in terms of the Service Plane and goes down the INCM .
While Walsh functions in the forward link are determined by channels assigned to mobile units  , the functions in the reverse link are determined by information to be transmitted .
While we can draw out a method providing connections on lower layer MAC  , network layer , or transport layer each so as to emulate such LANs , we would rather consider ATM layer as the MAC layer beneath LLC for ATMF and encapsulate the MAC frames of LAN so that we can use many application programs which have been developed for the higher layer than the existing LLC layer as they are .
Wide area networks are constructed by interconnection of geographically separated computers through communication circuits .
Wide bandwidth is also required in case maximum processing gain is needed to exclude interference .
Wideband information having a bandwidth of about several hundreds of KHz  , used for the high - speed data communications between narrow band TV telephones and computers .
Widely used is the method of applying pulse current onto bias current  , that correspond to digital signals is used while the laser diode applies the current for initiating light emission or bias current that is little low than this onto the laser diode .
Widens the area of in - company communication centered on the telephone .
Wire assignment records printouts from line facilities management system ) or demand management tables by fixed distribution area ( printouts from JOB 415 ) .
Wired transmission is made impossible if a communication cable on the transmission path is cut due to land slide by earthquake  , landslide by flood , destruction of bridges , or misoperation of excavators in engineering work .
With a general - purpose processor  , these calculations can require so many instruction cycles that real - time processing will not be achieved .
With a sub - reflector added to the main reflector  , it has an enhanced gain efficiency and its sidelobe characteristic is also improved to some extent .
With all this in mind  , as international standards are laid down for the FPLMTS ( the next generation of mobile communication systems ) , low - bit - rate speech coding is certain to become the focus of attention as a key basic technology of importance to all aspects of system performance , and it is likely to be an area of vigorous research in all countries for some time to come .
With carrier techniques progress  , the number of channels per pair of conductors has continued to increase , accompanying exploitation of higher frequency range .
With connectionless communication  , which is the type most often utilized , there is no logical communication path set up between the communicating parties .
With current technology  , an operating voltage of at least 1.5 V is required .
With electronic mail  , mail created on a data terminal or personal computer by the sender is transferred and stored in computer A .
With emerging the digital exchange  , the trends of digitalization is more accelerated with repressing the expansion of analog mode , the all over the country has the same objects to select the digital mode for main principal when digital optical communication has been practiced in the early 1980s , which makes having a expectation and proud of integrated transport requiring the ISDN .
With feeding at the same phase to each antenna component  , radiated radio waves of each component are integrated at the right angle to antenna face and make keen directivity and high gain .
With its physically diverse protection fiber  , the 1 : N diverse protection ( 1 : N / DP ) architecture can partially restore services from a fiber cable cut .
With method ( 2 ) it is possible to minimize quantization errors over the audio range  , and from the again of the prediction filter ( the power ration between speech and the prediction residual ) , it has the advantage of being able to reduce the amount of quantization noise .
With Multiple Area Radio Paging Service  , a customer can use a pager in various service areas throughout Japan by registering his or other current operating area with a touch - tone dialer .
With nonuniform quantizing  , quantizing noise can be reduced at low signal amplitudes .
With only the central base station transmitter on and with all of the satellite base station transmitter turned off  , the radio transmission from the central base station are received by the phase compensators of each satellites station .
With path protection switching  , two classes of ring levels are defined : VT and STS .
With regenerative repeaters in digital transmission systems  , there is no accumulation of noise and interference as experienced in analog transmission systems .
With sophisticated speech coding schemes for digital cellular and cordless phones decoded waveforms of the current speech sample depend on the previous decodes samples .
With such a difference  , radio communication has the following advantages .
With such a situation as a backdrop  , the FD distribution system aims at equalizing the demand - meeting factor of facilities ( the probability of avoiding backlogs ) throughout the country .
With telephone transmission  , the spectrum components of the signal well represent the transmitted information .
With television transmission  , the signal waveform must be faithfully transmitted , because the waveform concludes the whole picture information .
With the above call modeling objectives / criteria  , the Basic Call State Model ( BCSM ) was defined .
With the assumption that the speed of horizontally moving particles to be the same ( today  , this assumption has been proven to be wrong ) , he formulated the following equation .
With the consideration of the unlimited bandwidth which the optical communication provides  , it secured sufficient overhead space , and by utilizing this and forming the overhead communication channel , enabled the inter connective application of the total optical communications .
With the constant increase of communication traffic  , the radio communication frequency was extended to the bands of super high frequency ( SHF ) and extremely high frequency ( EHF ) .
With the development of high - frequency circuit technology  , there have been raid advances in miniaturization and accumulation .
With the development of its networks  , an ISDN can have data switching capabilities at speeds higher than 64kbps and provide services related to image .
With the development of the information - society  , telephones , data communication , visual transmission and mobile communication services have become more and versatile .
With the Distributed logic interworking scenario  , details of the internal configuration of each network is not required to be specified and its implementation is possible through the connection of the existing proprietary IN platforms .
With the Distributed logic interworking scenario  , details of the internal configuration of each network is not required to be specified and its implementation is possible through the connection of the existing proprietary IN platforms .
With the exception of FSK  , the other are techniques described in this book .
With the exception of the peak at the center  , a null point appears at every To ( = 1 / 2 fo ) .
With the former method  , a better picture quality could be expected but a larger circuit is required .
With the former method  , ntsc composite signals are separated into one luminance and two chrominance signal components before predictive coding .
With the increasing development of society requirements  , even instantaneous , temporary interruption to telecommunication service is not permissible .
With the information of network  , however , some of functions executed by the calling or called party or shifted to the network functions are installed in the switching network , hereafter called the public switching telephone network ( PSTN ) .
With the latter method  , prediction accuracy is lower but the codec is more compact and economical .
With the most advanced current technique  , the maximum memory cycle time is about 30ns .
With the progress in communications network digitalization arising from advances in semiconductor and digital signal progressing technologies  , however , economic , quality telecommunications services are being expended worldwide in the construction of the Integrated Services Digital Network ( ISDN ) for providing a wide array of telecommunications services including telephone , telegram , data and video communications services .
With the progress of LSI semiconductor circuit technology  , the functions of SPC have been developed and the controller has been made compact and now operates at high speed .
With the progress of the information - oriented society  , demand for advanced telecommunications services has been enlarged .
With the recent development of satellite communications  , geostationary orbits are utilized not only by satellites for international communications but also by a number of local or domestic satellites , so that the congestion of the geostationary orbit with satellites is a great problem .
With the reduction in bit rates  , a problem has arisen whereby coding methods can result in extremely poor speech quality for particular speakers as if they are behaving shyly in front of unfamiliar people .
With the television transmission  , various pictures and transformed into an electrical signal .
With the transmission frequency of 3 - 12GHz it can transmit multiple phone signal and TV signal .
With this capability  , men were able to transfer information without being restricted by time and space .
With this feature  , all the data processing can be carried out by the byte unit .
With this goal in mind  , researchers and engineers engaged in the field are attempting to integrate existing telecommunications networks systematically , and efficiently .
With this in mind  , engineers must well consider such consolidation when designing lines to handle such changes as those in the number of cables co - installed with communications cables , the social environment and restrictive conditions for exclusive use of roads .
With this network  , data can be transmitted faster and more reliably and economically than when utilizing the existing telephone network or subscriber network for the digital services .
With time division multiplex techniques  , a single physical pin can be used for multiple channel access into the device , thus the same technique used to reduce costs in transmission systems can also be used within a local module to minimize the interconnections and maximize the utilization of very large scale integration .
With time monitoring  , if a resource cannot be locked within the set time , if is considered to be in the deadlock state .
With using the compressing technology described in the above  , the Noise characteristics at the low level signals can be reduced up to almost the same level with that of 13 bits liner coding .
With Wide Range Radio Paging Service  , the calling signals are transmitted to numerous Satellite Base Stations that have been installed over a wide range of several prefectures .
Without using a high - frequency filter  , the configuration of the pager is simple , most of the signal processing is done in the base band bandwidth , so an inexpensive single - chip IC can be used .
Work such as cable installation  , repeater installation , or cable bending is difficult .
WP8 defined the details of discussed interns as I Series Recommendations at the Masyama . conference held in November of 1990 in Japan .
Writing into a secondary time switch is accomplished sequentially and reading at random .
Writing seperater and reading sequence are performed on a frame basics under the control of address counter .
X.500 is an Application Layer Protocol based on OSI ( Open Systems Interconnection ) to provide Directory applications defined in ITU - T SG7 .
You can see that [ C / No ] is equal to 80dB - Hz  , since 10MHz is equal to 10 ^ 7Hz , or 10logB = 70dB .
You can see that the free space loss is proportional to the distance squared and is inversely proportional to the wavelength of A .
You can see that the level of intermodulation product decreases with the increased number of input carriers .
You can see that the noise power contained in the FM signal is proportional to the bandwidth B .
You can understand from equation ( 5.18 ) that the noise power in each channel increases rapidly as the frequency increases .
You can understand from this Table that the satellite separation angle in this case should be more than 3  , since the total noise power exceeds 1 , 000 pWOp if the separation angle is 2 .
You have non - linear distortion  , amplitude distortion , echo distortion and the thermal noise as the noise power produced in the transmit system .
You have now successfully completed this study of the INTELSAT TDMA / DSI system .
You have to compute the value of total C / T using the individual C / T .
You may have noticed that when the content of the SCM is small the time slot No . of the outgoing highway in the primary time switch becomes larger by one compared to the content of the SCM  , and that when in the content of the SCM is large the time slot No . of the outgoing highway in the primary time switch becomes smaller by one compared to the content of the SCM .
You may think that th noise generated in the circuit has flat frequency response  , however , the sensitivity of human ears and that of a telephone set have actually a frequency response which is not flat .
You should bear in mind that in would be of no use to have only one of the noises from among the others improved .
You will notice that two carriers for video signals are allocated to one transponder .
Zone is the range that radio wave can be reached at the base station  , and the former is signal zone and the later is multi - zone .
