A lessening in the severity of symptoms or their temporary disappearance during the course of an illness .
A level or smooth surface , especially any of the hypothetical flat surfaces - orientated in various directions used to divide the body ; for example , the coronal and sagittal planes .
A leverlike instrument used to ease a tooth out of its socket during extraction .
A ligament in the groin that extends from the anterior superior iliac spine to the pubic tubercle .
A ligament that serves to support or suspend an organs in position .
A light micrograph is photographed through a light microscope .
A limited period of unconsciousness caused by injury to the head .
A line , ridge , seam , or crease in a tissue or organ , especially the line marking the junction of two embryologically distinct parts that have fused to form a single structure in the adult .
A lip - shaped structure , especially either of the two pairs of skin folds that enclose the vulva .
A lip or liplike structure ; occurring , for example , around the margins of the articulating socket ( acetabulum ) of the hip bone .
A lipid alcohol that is a constituent of sphingomyelin and cerebrosides .
A lipid consisting of glycerol ( an alcohol ) combined with one or more fatty acids .
A lipid containing a phosphate group as part of the molecule .
A lipid containing a sugar molecule ( usually galactose or glucose ) .
A lipid or neutral fat consisting of glycerol combined with three fatty - acid molecules .
A liquid used for increasing the transparency of tissues prepared for microscopic examination after they have been dehydrated .
A list of all known diseases and syndromes published by the World Health Organization every ten years ( approximately ) .
A list of infants who have experienced some event in their obstetric and perinatal history known to be correlated with a higher than average likehood of serious abnormality .
A list of the names of patients who are awaiting admission to hospital after having been assessed either as an out - patient or on a domiciliary consultation involving a specialist .
A living tissue graft that is made from one animal species to another .
A living tissue or organ graft between two members of the same species ; for example , a heart transplant from one person to another .
A local allergic reaction caused by pressure on the skin .
A local anaesthetic , such as lignocaine , is injected into the tissues in the region of a nerve .
A local anaesthetic administered by injection for spinal anaesthesia .
A local anaesthetic applied to the skin in solution to relieve discomfort in cuts , abrasions , and minor skin irritations .
A local anaesthetic of skin and mucous membranes , used in indigestion mixtures to relieve heart - burn and pain due to inflammation of the digestive system .
A local anaesthetic used in dental and other operations and to relieve pain .
A local anaesthetic used in the form of an ointment , suppository , or aerosol to relieve painful conditions of the skin and mucous membranes .
A local anaesthetic used particularly in ear , nose , and throat surgery and in dentistry .
A local anaesthetic used to produce surface anaesthesia , mainly in eye , ear , nose and throat surgery .
A local brown discoloration on the skin known medically as senile lentigo .
A localized collection of distended blood capillary vessels .
A localized collection of distended lymphatic vessels , which may result in a large cyst in the neck or armpit ( cystic hygroma ) .
A localized collection of pus anywhere in the body , surrounded and walled off by damaged and inflamed tissues .
A localized collection of thin - walled blood vessels covered by a cap of warty material .
A localized form of scleroderma in which the skin and sometimes the underlying tissues are replaced with connective tissue , forming areas or bands of infiltrating tissue .
A long - acting barbiturate , used as a hypnotic , as a sedative , for the suppression of convulsions , as an analgesic , and as an anaesthetic .
A long - lasting nonvenereal from of syphilis that occurs in the Balkans , Turkey , eastern Mediterranean countries , and the dry savannah regions of North Africa .
A long bone between the hip and the knee ( see illustration ) .
A long chain of linked nucleotides , of which molecules of DNA and RNA are made .
A long duct carries its secretion ( sweat ) to the surface of the skin .
A long flexible rod with a small sponge , ball , or tuft at the end , used to remove obstructions from the larynx or oesphagus ( gullet ) .
A long muscle in the neck , extending from the mastoid process to the sternum and clavicle .
A long slender downward pointing spine projecting from the lower surface of the temporal bone of the skull .
A longer process , the nerve fibre ( see axon ) , extends outwards and carries impulses away from the cell body .
A loss of normal cell characteristics or differentiation , which may be to such a degree that it is impossible to define the origin of the cells .
A loss of normal muscular tonicity or responsiveness .
A lotion that is rubbed onto the body for the treatment of sprains and strains .
A lower motor neurone , on the other hand , has a cell body in the spinal cord or brainstem and an axon that extends outwards in a cranial or spinal motor nerve to reach an effector .
A lower than normal capacity for achieving enjoyment .
A lump of cartilage - covered bone arising at the terminal joint of a finger in osteoarthritis .
A lump on the skin characteristic of leprosy .
A lung disease - a form of pneumoconiosis - caused by coal dust .
A lung disease - a form of pneumoconiosis - caused by fibres of asbestos inhaled by those who are exposed to large amounts of the mineral .
A lung disease - a form of pneumoconiosis - produced by inhaling silica dust particles .
A lung disease - a form of pneumoconisis - caused by inhaling barium dust .
A machine in which charged particles following a spiral path within a magnetic field are accelerated by an alternating electric field .
A machine that accelerates particles to produce high - energy radiation , used in the treatment of malignant disease .
A machine that oxygenates blood outside the body .
A machine used to generate vibrations of different frequencies , which have a stimulating effect when applied to different parts of the body .
A magnesium salt given in mixtures or enemas to treat constipation ( see laxative ) .
A magnesium salt with effects and uses similar to those of magnesium carbonate .
A main vessel or other tubular organ from which subsidiary branches arise .
A major division of an organ or part of an organ , especially one having a rounded form and often separated from other lobes by fissures or bands of connective tissue .
A major operation performed to remove a malignant tumour from the head and neck .
A major part of treatment is root treatment .
A major piece of dental equipment to which are attached the dental drills , aspirator , and compressed air syringes .
A major tranquillizer and antipsychotic drug .
A major tranquillizer and sedative used to treat agitation , anxiety , insomnia , delusions , and hallucinations .
A major tranquillizer similar to chlorpromazine in its actions and effects .
A major tranquillizer used in the treatment of a wide range of mental and emotional disturbances , including schizophrenia and senile dementia .
A major tranquillizer used to relieve agitation , confusion , severe pain , anxiety , nausea , and vomiting and in the treatment of alcoholism and drug withdrawn symptoms .
A major tranquillizer used to relieve anxiety , tension , and agitation and to prevent nausea and vomiting .
A major tranquillizer used to relieve hallucinations and delusions occurring in schizophrenia .
A major tranquillizer used to treat anxiety and tension in mental illnesses such as schizophrenia .
A major tranquillizer used to treat schizophrenia .
A major tranquillizer used to treat schizophrenia and other mental disorders , migraine , vertigo , nausea , and vomiting .
A major tranquillizer with uses and effects similar to those of chlorpromazine .
A male accessory sex gland that opens into the urethra just below the bladder and vas deferens ( see illustration ) .
A male or female reproductive organ , which produces the gametes .
A malignant condition may subsequently develop ( see chorionepithelioma ) .
A malignant disease of lymphatic tissues , usually characterized by painless enlargement of one or more groups of lymph nodes in the neck , armpits , groin , chest , or abdomen ; the spleen , liver , bone marrow , and bones may also be involved .
A malignant disease of the bone marrow , characterized by two or more of the following criteria : the presence of an excess of abnormal malignant plasma cells in the bone marrow .
A malignant epithelial tumour arising from the glandular structures , which are constituent parts of most organs of the body .
A malignant tumour composed of embryonic nerve cells .
A malignant tumour of cartilage cells , occurring in a bone .
A malignant tumour of connective tissue , derived from fibroblasts .
A malignant tumour of kidney cells , so called because it is said to resemble part of the adrenal gland and at one time was thought to originate from this site .
A malignant tumour of plasma cells , very closely allied to myeloma .
A malignant tumour of smooth muscle , most commonly found in the womb , stomach , small bowel , and at the base of the bladder .
A malignant tumour of the breast , usually a carcinoma but sometimes a sarcoma .
A malignant tumour of the cervix , uterus , or vagina containing a mixture of adenocarcinoma , sarcoma cells , and stroma .
A malignant tumour of the connective tissue of the breast .
A malignant tumour of the kidney found in children ( see cancer ) .
A malignant tumour of the liver , originating in mature liver cells .
A malignant tumour of the liver occurring in children , made up of embryonic liver cells .
A malignant tumour of the lymphatic system , most commonly affecting children and largely confined to tropical Africa in a zone 15o north and south of the equator .
A malignant tumour of the lymphatic vessels .
A malignant tumour of the ovary , thought to arise from primitive germ cells .
A malignant tumour of the retina of the eye .
A malignant tumour of the testis , appearing as a swelling , often painless , in the scrotum .
A malignant tumour originating in , or showing the characteristics of , striated muscle .
A malignant tumour usually arising in the skin .
A malocclusion in which some of the teeth are further back than usual .
A malocclusion in which some of the teeth are further forward than usual .
A mammalian embryo during the later stages of development within the womb .
A manometer often consists of U - tube containing mercury , water , or other liquid , open at one end and exposed to the gas under pressure at the other end .
A mark that characterizes a particular disease , such as the café - au - lait spots characteristic of neurofibromatosis .
A mass consisting mainly of cellular debris in which cholesterol crytals may be demonstrated .
A mass of blood and granulation tissue , containing bone - forming cells , that forms around the bone ends following a fracture .
A mass of cheeselike material resembling a tumour , seen in some cases of tuberculosis .
A mass of coagulated matter , such as that formed when blood clots .
A mass of dead cellular , fatty , and other material that forms within a body cavity and takes its shape .
A mass of granulation tissue produced in response to chronic infection , inflammation , a foreign body , or to unknown causes .
A mass of hard faeces within the colon or rectum , due to chronic constipation .
A mass of lymphoid tissue on either side of the back of the mouth .
A mass of modified heart muscle situated in the lower middle part of the right atrium .
A mass of protoplasm containing several nuclei .
A mass of tissue within the womb derived from remnants of decidua .
A mass swallowed foreign material within the stomach .
A material that resembles gelatin , produced when cartilage is boiled .
A material used in surgical dressings , made of scraped linen or a cotton substitute .
A mature erythrocyte has no nucleus and its shape is that of a biconcave disc , approximately 7mm in diameter .
A mature follicle in the ovary prior to ovulation , containing a large fluid - filled cavity that distends the surface of the ovary .
A mature form of the cercaria larva of a fluke .
A mature sex cell : the ovum of the female or the spermatozoon of the male .
A maximum of 2 point is given for each of the following signs : type of breathing , heart rate , colour , muscle tone , and response to stimuli .
A mean of detecting antibodies on the surface of red blood cells that can precipitate simple proteins ( globulins ) in the blood serum .
A means of producing immunity to a disease by using a vaccine , or a special preparation of antigenic material , to stimulate the formation of appropriate antibodies .
A measure of an individual 's level of intellectual functioning .
A measure of morbidity based on current sickness in a population , estimated either at a particular time ( point prevalence ) or over a stated period ( period prevalence ) .
A measure of morbidity based on the number of new episodes of illness arising in a population over an estimated period .
A measure of the concentration of hydrogen ions in a solution , and therefore of its acidity or alkalinity .
A measure of the shape of a skull , commonly used in craniometry : the ratio of the greatest breadth , multiplied by 100 , to the greatest length of the skull .
A measurement of the electrical excitability of a nerve or muscle , formerly used in the detection of damage to the motor nerves .
A measurement of the proportion of red blood cells in a volume of circulating blood .
A Meckel 's diverticulum sometimes becomes inflamed due to infection , causing symptoms similar to appendicitis .
A medical certificate stating the cause of a person 's death , usually also stating the deceased 's marital status , occupation , and age .
A medical specialty established by the Royal Society of Medicine in 1931 .
A medically qualified physician who specializes in the study and treatment of mental disorders .
A medicated solution used to bathe the eyes .
A medicinal lozenge , taken by mouth , used to treat conditions of the mouth or throat and also of the alimentary canal .
A medicinal preparation containing gelatine and glycerine , usually coated with sugar , that is dissolved in the mouth so that the medication is applied to the mouth or throat .
A medicinal preparation in solid form suitable for insertion into the rectum or vagina .
A medicinal preparation that is rubbed onto the skin or applied on a surgical dressing .
A medicinal solution of washing or bathing the external parts of the body .
A medicinal substance taken to increase vigour and liveliness and produce a felling of well - being .
A medicine said to be a cure for all diseases and disorders , no matter what their nature .
A medicine that gives temporary relief from the symptoms of a disease but does not actually cure the disease .
A medicine that has properties especially useful for the treatment of a particular disease .
A medicine that is ineffective but may help to relieve a condition because the patients has faith in its powers .
A medicochirurgical disorder is one that calls for treatment by both a physician and a surgeon .
A medium that is opaque to X - rays is introduced into the ducts either by injection into the bloodstream ( intravenous cholangiography ) ; direct injection into the liver ( percutaneous transhepatic cholangiography ) ; direct injection into the bile ducts at operation ( operative cholangiography ) ; or by injection into the duodenal opening of the ducts through a duodenoscope ( endoscopic retrograde cholangiopancreatography ; see ERCP ) .
A member of a large group of mainly land - dwelling arthropods .
A member of the dental profession , who in the UK must be registered with the General Dental Council unless he holds a medical qualification .
A member of the herpes group of viruses ( see herpesvirus ) .
A member of the school health service who conducts routine examinations and treats minor ailments .
A membrane , sheath , or other structure that encloses a tissue or organ .
A membrane in the cochlea of the ear that separates the two of the three channels that run the length of the spiral cochlea .
A membrane that allows the passage of some molecules but not others .
A meningocele in the protrusion of the meninges through the gap in the spine , the skin covering being vestigial .
A mental disorder , usually of children , characterized by a grossly excessive level of activity and a marked impairment of the ability to attend .
A mental disorder characterized by delusions organized into a system , without hallucinations or other marked symptoms of mental illness .
A mental disorder characterized by systematic delusions and prominent hallucinations but without any other marked symptoms of mental illness .
A mental disorder in which the patient persistently tries to obtain hospital treatment for an illness that is nonexistent : an extreme form of malingering .
A mental illness in which insight is retained but there is a maladaptive way of behaving or thinking that cause suffering ( compare psychosis ) .
A mental state characterized by excessive sadness .
A mercury - containing drug with antibacterial and antifungal activity , used to treat skin and ear infections .
A meshwork of collagen fibres is deposited in connective tissue , followed by the production of a cementing polysaccharide .
A metal instrument for inserting into and holding open a cavity of the body , such as the vagina , rectum , or nasal orifice , in order that the interior may be examined ( see illustration ) .
A metallic element essential for the normal development and functioning of the body .
A method by which the circulation to the body is maintained while the heart is deliberately stopped during heart surgery .
A method for the fixation of histologycal specimens , involving a minimum of chemical and physical change .
A method of amputation in which the muscles and tendons of the affected limb are arranged so that they can be integrated with a specially made artificial replacement .
A method of approaching psychological difficulties in adjustment that aims the help the client work out his own problems .
A method of asexual reproduction in which the body of a protozoan or bacterium splits into two equal parts ( binary fission ) , as in the amoebae , or more than two equal parts ( multiple fission ) , for example sporozoite formation in the malarial parasite ( see Plasmodium ) .
A method of assessing the central part of the visual field .
A method of demonstrating the presence of DNA in cell nuclei .
A method of detecting excess globulins in the protein of the cerebrospinal fluid .
A method of producing anaesthesia in part of the body by blocking the passage of pain impulses in the sensory nerves supplying it .
A method of psychotherapy in which the therapist refrains from directing his client in what he should do and instead concentrates on communicating understanding and acceptance .
A method of rapidly assessing the general state of a baby immediately after birth .
A method of recording changes in the electrical potential of the retina when it is stimulated by light .
A method of removing a quantity of plasma from the blood .
A method of restoring the normal rhythm of the heart in patients with increased heart rate due to arrhythmia .
A method of separating particles of different dimensions in a liquid mixture , using a thin semipermeable membrane whose pores are too small to allow the passage of large particles , such as proteins , but large enough to permit the passage of dissolved crystalline material .
A method of staining bacterial cells , used as a primary means of identification .
A method of staining for the demonstration of enzymes , especially phosphatases and lipases , in histological specimens .
A method of testing urine for the presence of acetone or acetoacetic acid : a sign of diabetes mellitus .
A method of treating portal hypertension by joining the splenic to the left renal vein .
A microorganism , such as a bacterium , that parasitizes an animal ( or plant ) or man and produces a disease .
A microscope for examining particles suspended in a gas or liquid under intense illumination from one side .
A microscope that uses a beam of electrons as a radiation source for viewing the specimen .
A microscopic spherical membrane enclosed vesicle or sac ( 20 - 30 mm in diameter ) made artificially in the laboratory by the addition of an aqueous solution to a phospholipid gel .
A mild astringent with a weak antiseptic action , applied externally to skin and mucous membranes .
A mild degree of mental subnormality , corresponding roughly to an intelligence quotient of 50 - 70 .
A mild form of smallpox , causing only a sparse rash and low - grade fever .
A mild form of the hereditary disorder ichthyosis , in which the skin develops slight dryness and forms branlike scales .
A mild from of smallpox in people who have previously had smallpox or have been vaccinated against it .
A mild highly contagious virus infection , mainly of childhood , causing enlargement of lymph nodes in the neck and a widespread pink rash .
A mild highly infectious disease caused by a herpesvirus that is transmitted by airborne droplets .
A mild tranquillizer used to relieve anxiety and nervous tension .
A mild zinc oxide astrigent used in various skin conditions , usually mixed with other subatances .
A milk protein present in milk at a lower concentration than casein .
A mineral element and an important constituent of the human body ( average sodium content of the adult body in 400 mmol ) .
A minute localized swelling of a capillary wall , which is found in the retina of patients with diabetic retinopathy .
A minute partcile that is capable od replication but only within living cells .
A minute vessel that drains blood from the capillaries .
A mite has no antennae or wings , and its body is not divided into a distinct head , thorax , and abdomen .
A mixed sensory and motor nerve of the upper arm .
A mixture consisting mainly of ethyl alcohol with methyl alcohol and petroleum hydrocarbons .
A mixture of carbohydrates , predominantly maltose , produced by the breakdown of starch contained in barley or wheat grains .
A mixture of methylene blue and eosin , used for distinguishing different types of white blood cell and for detecting parasitic microorganisms in blood smears .
A mixture of oxygen and nitrous oxyde provides effective analgesia for some dental procedures and in childbirth ; such a state is known as relative analgesia .
A mixture of potassium bichromate , sodium sulphate , mercuric chloride , formaldehyde , and distilled water , used in the preservation of bone marrow .
A mixture of protein digesting enzymes ( see peptidase ) secreted by the intestinal glands .
A mixture of serum and pus , which forms , for example , in infected blisters .
A mixture of the two proteins gliadin and glutenin .
A mixture of two or more venoms : used to produce antiserum against venoms ( antivenene ) .
A mobile and retractable knob bearing hooks , present on the head ( scolex ) of certain tapeworms , e . g . Taenia and Echinococcus .
A mobile kyphosis may be caused by bad posture or muscle weakness or may develop to compensate for another condition , such as hip deformity .
A moderate to severe degree of intellectual subnormality that falls short of idiocy .
A molecule consisting of three or more amino acids linked together by peptide bonds .
A molecule consisting of two or more amino acids linked by bonds between the amino group ( - NH ) and the carboxyl group ( - CO ) .
A morbid degree of euphoria is characteristic of mania and hypomania .
A morbid fear of public places and of open spaces .
A more precise term than hay fever for an allergy due to the pollen of grasses , trees , or shrubs .
A mucocele in the soft tissues arising form a salivary gland occurs when the duct is blocked or ruptured .
A mucoid tumour of the peritoneum , often seen in association with myxomas of the ovary .
A mucopolysaccharide that forms an important constituent of cartilage , bone , and other connective tissues .
A multidisciplinary group of doctors , nurses , and others established in a health district to identify gaps in the services and to suggest how they can be improved .
A multiple benign tumour of the sweat glands , which shows as small hard swelling in the skin .
A muscle , such as any of those controlling movements of the eyeball , that has its origin some distance from the part it acts on .
A muscle behind the elbow that assists in extending the forearm .
A muscle in the floor of the mouth , attached at one end to the mandible and at the other to the hyoid bone .
A muscle in the groin that acts jointly with the iliacus muscle to flex the hip joint ( see illustration ) .
A muscle in the neck , arising from the sternum and inserted into the hyoid bone .
A muscle of the cheek that has its origin in the maxilla and mandible ( jaw bones ) .
A muscle of the forearm that extends from the elbow to the shaft of the radius .
A muscle relaxant drug used to relieve muscular spasm and abnormal movements in such diseases as parkinsonism , chorea , and athetosis .
A muscle that , by its action , opens an aperture or orifice in the body .
A muscle that acts with an agonist in making a particular movement .
A muscle that brings about rotation of a part .
A muscle that causes lowering of part of the body .
A muscle that extends from the styloid process of the temporal bone to the hyoid bone .
A muscle that extends from the tongue to the styloid process of the temporal bone .
A muscle that forms the greater part of the calf of the leg ( see illustration ) .
A muscle that is contained entirely within the organ or part it acts on .
A muscle that is situated at the front of the upper arm and contracts to flex the foream ( see illustration ) .
A muscle that serves to depress the tongue .
A muscle whose action ( contraction ) opposes that of another muscle ( called the agonist or prime mover ) .
A muscle whose active contraction causes movement of a part of the body .
A muscle with three heads of origin , particularly the triceps brachii , which is situated on the back of the upper arm and contracts to extend the forearm .
A muscle with two heads . The biceps brachii extends from the shoulder joint to the elbow ( see illustration ) .
A muscular layer of the wall of a hollow organ ( such as the stomach ) or a tubular structure ( such as the intestine or ureter ) .
A muscular organ attached to the floor of the mouth .
A muscular tube , about 23 cm long , that extends from the pharynx to the stomach .
A muscular tube , lined with mucous membrane , that extends from the beginning of the oesophagus ( gullet ) up to the base of the skull .
A narcotic analysic , similar to morphine , used to relieve severe pain .
A narrow process of stalk - like strucure , serving as a support or a connection .
A narrow ribbon - like muscle at the front of the thigh , arising from the anterior superior spine of the ilium and extending to the tibia , just below the knee .
A narrow surgical knife , with a straight or curved blade ( see illustration ) .
A narrowing of any tubular structure in the body , such as the oesophagus , bowel , urete , or urethra .
A nasal meatus is one of three groovelike parts of the nasal cavity beneath each of the nasal conchae .
A naturally occurring amino acid adnimistered by mouth to treat parkinsonism .
A naturally occurring drug used in lotions and creams to prevent sunburn .
A naturally occurring polypeptide consisting of nine amino acids .
A naturally occurring polypeptide consisting of ten amino acids .
A necklike part , especially the cervix uteri , the narrow passage at the lower end of the uterus , which connects with the vagina .
A negative result , when the sound conducted by the bone lasts longer , indicates conductive deafness .
A nematode worm , Dracunculus medinensis , that is a parasite of man .
A nerve fibre : a singe process extending from the cell body of a neurone and carrying nerve impulses away from it .
A nerve of the brachial plexus that supplies some muscles of the arm and the skin of the lateral part of the forearm .
A nerve that carries information inwards , from an outlying part of the body towards the central nervous system .
A network of blood vessels , nerve fibres , or other strands of interlacing tissue in the structure of an organ .
A network of nerve pathways and nuclei throughout the brainstem , connecting motor and sensory nerves to and from the spinal cord , the cerebellum and the cerebrum , and the cranial nerves .
A network of nerves , arising from the spine at the base of the neck , from which arise the nerves supplying the arm , foream and hand , and parts of the shoulder girdle ( see illustration ) .
A network of sympathetic nerves and ganglia high in the back of the abdomen .
A network of vessels that conveys electrolytes , water , proteins , etc . - in the form of lymph from the tissue fluids to the bloodstream ( see illustration ) .
A neurone in the central nervous system that acts as a link between the different neurones in a reflex arc .
A neurosis that is manifest psychological rather than organic symptoms .
A neurosurgical operation for the relief of intractable pain .
A neurosurgical operation to destroy or modify the effects of the globus pallidus ( see basal ganglia ) .
A new and abnormal growth : any benign or malignant tumour .
A nipple - shaped process on the temporal bone that extends downward behind the ear canal and is the point of attachment of several neck muscles .
A nitrogen - containing compound with a ring molecular structure .
A nitrogen - containing compound with a two - ring molecular structure .
A nitrogen - containing organic acid that is the end - product of nucleic acid metabolism and is a component of the urine .
A nitrogenous berekdown product of the purines adenosine and guanine .
A noise , heard with the aid of a stethoscope , that is generated by turbulent blood flow within the heart or blood vessels .
A noisy convulsive drawing in of the breath following the spasmodic coughing attack charateristic of whooping cough .
A noncontagious disease caused by the bacterium Actinomyces israeli , which most commonly affects the jaw but may also affect the lungs , brain , or intestines .
A nonmalignant tumour of connective tissue .
A nonmetallic element that is active against fungi and parasites .
A nonprotein organic compound that , in the presence of an enzyme , plays an essential role in the reaction that is catalyzed by the enzyme .
A nonprotein substance that must be present in suitable amounts before certain enzymes can act .
A normal cornea will reflect regular concentric images of the rings .
A normal individual hears it equally in both ears , but if one ear is affected by conductive deafness the sound appears louder in the affected ear .
A normal individual will excrete at least 10 % of the original dose over this period .
A normal variation in the heart rate , which accelerates slightly on inspiration and slows on expiration .
A normally sighted person can read successive lines of letters from 36 , 24 , 18 , 12 , 9 , 6 , and 5 metres respectively .
A normocytic anaemia is one characterized by the presence of such cells .
A North American term for an ophthalmologist .
A nucleated cell that forms part of the series giving rise to the red blood cells and is normally found in the blood - forming tissue of the bone marrow .
A nucleic acid , occurring in the nucleus and cytoplasm of cells , that is concerned with synthesis of proteins ( see messenger RNA , ribosome , transfer RNA , translation ) .
A nucleotide containing pantothenic acid , which is an important coenzyme in the Krebs cycle and in the metabolism of fatty acids .
A number of chromosome disorders are due to trisomy , including Dow 's syndrome and Klinefelter 's syndrome .
A numerical measurement of the power of a person 's serum to attack invading bacteria and prepare them for destruction by phagocytes .
A nutritional disease due to a deficiency of nicotinic acid ( a vitamin B ) .
A nutritional disorder due to deficiency of vitamin B ( thiamin ) .
A one - way valve used to drain cerebrospinal fluid in order to control hydrocephalus .
A pacemaker may be used as a temporary measure with an external battery or it may be permanent , when the whole apparatus is surgically implanted under the skin .
A pack of gauze , cotton wool , or other absorbent material used to plug a cavity or canal in order to absorb blood or secretions .
A pad of absorbent material ( such as cotton ) , sometimes attached to a stick or wire , used for cleaning out or applying medication to wounds , operation sites , or body cavities .
A pad of folded moistened material , such as cotton wool , applied to the body or inserted into a cavity .
A pad of material soaked in hot or cold water and applied to an injured part of the body to relieve the pain or inflammation .
A painful condition in which the normal healing of a tooth socket has been disturbed , instead of being filled with a blood clot the socket is empty .
A painful condition of the eyes caused by damage to the surface of the cornea by ultaviolet light from arc welding .
A painful disorder of the cornea of the eye due to excessive exposure to ultraviolet light reflected from the snow .
A painful inflammation of the tendon at the outer border of the elbow , caused by overuse of the forearm muscles .
A painful raw area of skin around the anus and buttocks due to contact with frequent irritant stools .
A painful swelling of a rib in the region of the chest , over the junction of bone and cartilage .
A painless ulcer that develops on the lips , penis , urethra , or eyelid as the primary symptom of such infections as sleeping sickness and syphilis .
A pair of glands that open at the junction of the vagina and the external genitalia ( vulva ) .
A pair of models are used to study the dentition , particularly before treatment .
A pair of small glands that open into the urethra at the base of the penis .
A pale area surrounded by haemorrhage sometimes seen in the retina , with the aid of an ophthalmoscope , in those who have bacterial endocarditis , septicaemia , or leukaemia .
A pancreatic pseudocyst may develop in cases of chronic pancreatitis or as a complication of acute pancreatitis .
A popular lesion in the skin , probably due to an allergic reaction to tuberculosis infection .
A parametric haematocoele is a swelling near the womb formed by the escape of blood , usually from a Fallopian tube in ectopic pregnancy .
A paramyxovirus ( see myxovirus ) that causes infections of the nose and throat .
A parasite that lives inside its host , for example in the liver , lungs , gut , or other tissues of the body .
A parasite that lives on the outer surface of its host .
A parasitic nematode worm of the genus Enterobius ( Oxyuris ) , which lives in the upper part of the large intestine of man .
A parasympatholytic drug that prevents muscle spasm in the digestive system and helps to reduce acid secretion in the stomach .
A parasympatholytic drug used to treat various heart conditions involving abnormal heart rates .
A parasympathomimetic drug that atcs by inhibiting the enzyme cholinesterase ( see also anticholinesterase ) .
A parasympathomimetic drug used mainly to constrict the pupil of the eye and to reduce pressure inside the eye in glaucoma .
A parasympathomimetic drug used to relieve pressure within the eye in glaucoma .
A part of the body , composed of more than one tissue , that forms a structural unit responsible for a particular function ( or functions ) .
A part of the lenticular nucleus ( see basal ganglia ) .
A part of the routine lumbar puncture procedure .
A part of the thalamus consisting of two nuclei through which impulses pass from the eyes and ears to be distributed to the cerebral cortex .
A partial denture replaces some teeth because others still remain .
A partial paralysis of the arm caused by injury to a baby 's brachial plexus during birth .
A partial paralysis of the arm caused by injury to a baby 's brachial plexus during birth .
A particle , consisting of RNA and protein , that occurs in cells and is the site of protein synthesis in the cell ( see translation ) .
A particle in the cytoplasm of cells that contains enzymes responsible for breaking down substances in the cell and is bounded by a single membrane .
A particular antibiotic of the tetracycline group .
A partition or dividing wall within an anatomical structure .
A paste or powder for cleaning the teeth .
A patch of reddening and swelling shows that the person has no immunity and if at particular risk should be immunized .
A patchy inflammation of the walls of small blood vessels .
A pathologically strong fear of a particular event or thing .
A pathologically strong impulse to live alone in open country .
A pathologically strong impulse to steal , often in the absence of any desire for the stolen object ( s ) .
A pathologically strong impulse to travel , which is said to be present in some vagabonds .
A patient who is admitted to a bed in a hospital ward and remains there for a period of time for treatment , examination , or observation .
A patient who receives treatment at a hospital , either at a single attendance or at a series of attendances , but is not admitted to a bed in a hospital ward .
A patient with aphasic alexia can neither read nor write and often has an accompanying disorder of speech .
A patient with pernicious anaemia will excrete less than 50 % .
A patient with tactile agnosia ( astereognosis ) retains normal sensation in his hands but cannot recognize three - dimensional objects by touch alone .
A pattern of behaviour seen only in certain cultures , such as that of Malaysia .
A pea - sized mass of tissue attached by a stalk to the posterior wall of the third ventricle of the brain , deep between the cerebral hemispheres at the back of the skull .
A pear - shaped sac ( 7 - 10 cm long ) , lying underneath the right lobe of the liver , in which bile is stored ( see illustration ) .
A pedicle graft is used when the recipient site is unsuited to take an independent skin graft ( for example , because of poor blood supply ) .
A pedometer is usually attached to the leg or hung at the belt .
A pencil - shaped instrument , commonly used for applying external medication , for example , to apply silver nitrate to warts .
A pentose sugar ( i . e . one with five carbon atoms ) that is involved in carbohydrate interconversions within cells .
A pentose sugar ( i . e . one with five free carbon atoms ) that is a component of RNA and several coenzymes .
A peptic ulcer may be found in the oesophagus ( oesophageal ulcer , associated with reflux oesophagitis ) ; the stomach ( see gastric ulcer ) ; duodenum ( see duodenal ulcer ) ; jejunum ( jejunal ulcer , usually in the Zollinger - Ellison syndrome ) ; in a Meckel 's diverticulum ; and close to a gastroenterostomy ( stomal ulcer , anastomatic ulcer , marginal ulcer ) .
A peptide containing the amino acids : glutamic acid , cysteine , and glycine .
A period of memory loss during which the patient leaves his usual surroundings and wanders aimlessly or starts a new life elsewhere .
A persistent watery mucous discharge from the nose , as in the common cold .
A person , employed by local authorities , with special training in such aspects of environmental health and pollution as housing , sanitation , food , clean air , and water supplies ( formerly known as a Public Health Inspector ) .
A person displaying this sexual deviation is called a flagellant or flagellomane .
A person displaying this sexual deviation is called a frotteur .
A person engaged in the preparation , storage , cooking , and serving of food .
A person in whose body fluids it is not possible to detect soluble forms of the A , B , or O agglutinogens that determine blood group .
A person in whose saliva and other body fluids are found traces of the water - soluble A , B , or O agglutinogens that determine blood group .
A person suffering from an infection in whom the symptoms and signs are so minimal that either there is no request for medical assistance or the doctor fails to make the diagnosis .
A person trained and experienced in medical matters and entrusted with the care of the sick and the carrying out of medical and surgical routines under the supervision of a doctor .
A person trained in the technique of taking X - ray pictures of parts of the body .
A person who behaves in an antisocial way and shows little or no guilt for antisocial acts and little capacity for forming emotional relationships with others .
A person who either makes and fits glasses ( dispensing optician ) or who both lests people for glasses and also makes and fits them ( ophthalmic optician or optometrist ) .
A person who gives blood for storage in a blood bank .
A person who harbours the microorganisms causing a particular disease without experiencing signs or symptoms of infection and who can transmit the disease to others .
A person who is completely colour - blind .
A person who is engaged in the scientific study of the mind .
A person who is qualified by examination and registered and authorized to dispense medicines or to keep open a shop for the sale and dispensing of medicines .
A person who makes his own tissues or organs available for used by someone else .
A person who receives something from a donor , such as a blood transfusion or a kidney transplant .
A person whose blood contains either ( or both ) of these antibodies cannot receive a transfusion of blood containing the corresponding antigens .
A person with some medical training , employed to assist patients with domestic problems that may arise through illness .
A personality characterized by solitariness , emotional coldness to others , excessive introspection , and eccentricity of behaviour .
A pH of 7 indicates a neutral solution , a pH below 7 indicates acidity , and a pH in excess of 7 indicates alkalinity .
A pharmaceutical preparation in which the drug is made up into a paste with syrup or honey .
A pharmaceutical preparation of a drug of animal or plant origin .
A pharyngeal diverticulum occurs in the pharynx and may cause difficulty in swallowing .
A phase of asexual reproduction in the life cycle of a sporozoan ( protozoan parasite ) that occurs in the liver or red blood cells .
A phospholipid , found in brain and muscle , similar in structure to lecithin and cephalin .
A phospholipid that contains sphingosine , a fatty acid , phosphoric acid , and choline .
A photograph of an object viewed through a microscope .
A physical wound or injury , such as a fracture or blow .
A physically distinct form of a given enzyme .
A physician at area level under the NHS .
A physiological condition that exists in cells during periods of temporary oxygen shortage .
A picture of the structures within a " slice " of the body can be bulit up , much in the same way as X - rays can be employed to produce a tomogram ( see tomography ) .
A piece of apparatus for separating components of a liquid mixture by dialysis , especially an artificial kidney ( see haemodialysis ) .
A piece of apparatus for taking photographs of parts of the body into which radioactive isotopes that give off gamma rays have been introduced as tracers .
A piece of dried vegetable material , usually a seaweed stem , shaped to fit into an orifice , such as the cervical canal .
A piece of equipment for determining the sensitivity of the skin to various touch stimuli , especially those causing pain .
A piece of equipment for producing an extremely fine mist of liquid droplets by forcing a jet of liquid through a narrow nozle with a jet of air .
A piece of equipment for sterilizing surgical instrument , dressings , etc .
A piece of material , in the form of a pad or strip , applied to a wound or used to bind around an injured or diseased part of the body .
A piece of material cut or folded into a triangular shape and used for making an arm sling or holding dressings in position .
A pigment in the retina of the eye , within the rods , consisting of retinal - an aldehyde of retinol ( vitamin A ) - and a protein .
A pigment that appears in the urine of individuals with acute porphyria , causing it to darken if left standing .
A pigment that is soluble in fat and therefore gives colour to fatty materials .
A pincer - like instrument designed to grasp an object so that it can be held firm or pulled .
A place in which bacteria have settled and multiplied because of particularly suitable conditions : a focus of infection .
A place where medicines are made up by a pharmacist according to the doctor 's prescription and dispensed to patients .
A plant extract used in small doses , usually in the form of tinctures and syrups , as an expectorant to relieve coughing and to induce vomiting .
A plant sterol that , when irradiated with ultraviolet light , is converted to ergocalciferol ( vitamin D2 ) .
A plaster cast is designed to protect a broken bone and prevent movement of the aligned bone ends until healing has progressed sufficiently .
A plaster of Paris cast shaped to fit around and support the backbone .
A plastic or metal coil , spiral , or other shape , about 25 mm long , that is inserted into the cavity of the womb to prevent conception .
A plastic or metal instrument , often ring - shaped , that fits into the vagina and keeps the womb in position , used to treat prolapse .
A plug formed of fatty material ( sebum and keratin ) in the outlet of a sebaceous gland in the skin .
A plug of mucus that blocks the cervical canal of the womb in a pregnant woman .
A plug or cylinder of cocoa butter or other soft material containing a drug that is fitted into the vagina for the treatment of gynaecological disorders , e . g . vaginitis .
A pocket in the wall of the carotid artery , at its division in the neck , containing receptors that monitor blood pressure ( see baroreceptor ) .
A pocket or bulge in a tubular organ , especially a blood vessel : for example , the carotid sinus .
A pocket or fold of the membrane ( endocardium ) lining the heart or of the layer of the wall of a vein , several of which form a valve .
A point at which an artery lies over a bone on which it may be compressed by finger pressure , to arrest haemorrhage beyond .
A point at which two or more structures of the body cross to the opposite side .
A poison generally harmful to all body tissues , contained within a bacterium and released only when the bacterial cell is broken down or dies and disintergrates .
A poison produced by a living organism ; especially by a bacterium ( see endotoxin , exotoxin ) .
A poisonous alkaloid produced in the seeds of the East Indian tree Strychnos nux - vomica .
A poisonous gas containing three oxygen atoms per molecule .
A poisonous gas developed during World War I .
A poisonous greyish metallic element producing the symptoms of nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , cramps , convulsions , and coma when ingested in large doses .
A poisonous substance produced in the spores of the fungus Aspergillus flavus , which infects peanuts .
A poisonous substance that has a particularly marked effect upon the gastrointestinal tract , causing vomiting , diarrhoae , and abdominal pain .
A popular name for inflammation of the skin associated with ergot poisoning .
A population of microorganisms , usually bacteria , grown in a solid or liquid laboratory medium ( culture medium ) , which is usually agar , broth , or gelatin .
A porous surface is created by applying phosphoric acid for approximately one minute .
A porphyrin compound that is formed during the synthesis of protoporphyrin IX , a precursor of haem .
A porphyrin that plays an intermediate role in the synthesis of protoporphyrin IX .
A portal triad in a portal canal of the liver consists of a branch of the portal vein , a branch of the hepatic artery , and an interlobular bile tubule .
A portion of an electrocardiographic record that is obtained from a single electrode or a combination of electrode placed on a particular part of the body ( see electrocardiogram , electrocardiography ) .
A portion of dead bone formed in an infected bone in chronic osteomyelitis .
A portion of healthy skin cut from one area of the body and used to cover a part that has lost its skin , usually as a result of injury , burns , or operation .
A portion of the membraneous sac ( amnion ) surrounding the baby is pushed into the opening and bursts under the pressure , releasing amniotic fluid to the exterior .
A position in which the patient lies on the back with the legs hanging down : sometimes adopted to aid childbrith .
A positive diagnosis is made if the disease parasites appear on the insects .
A positive reaction ( WR + ) indicates the presence of antibodies and therefore infection with syphilis .
A positive reaction is the development of a red or magenta coloration .
A post crown is used to restore a tooth when insufficient of the natural crown remains .
A post is inserted into the root and the missing centre of the tooth is built up , over it is fitted a thimble - like crown to restore the natural shape of the tooth .
A posterior synechia is between the iris and the lens .
A postero - anterior X - ray film to show the maxillae , maxillary sinuses , and zygomatic bones .
A posteroanterior X - ray film to show the entire skull and mandible .
A postural disorder caused by disease of the basal ganglia in the brain .
A potent analgesic and narcotic drug used mainly to relieve severe and persistent pain .
A potent analgesic drug used to relieve moderate or severe pain .
A potent analgesic drug used to relieve severe pain .
A potent analgesic drug with mild sedative action , used to relieve moderate or severe pain .
A potent antihistamine administered by mouth to treat allergies and itching skin conditions .
A potent antihistamine used to treat such allergies as hay fever , rhinitis , and urticaria .
A potent diuretic used in the treatment of conditions involving retention of fluid , such as congestive heart failure , hypertension , oedema , and obesity .
A potent drug used to treat high blood pressure ( hypertension ) .
A potent general anaesthetic administered by inhalation , used for inducing and maintaining anaesthesia in all types of surgical operations .
A potent local anaesthetic , used mainly for regional nerve block .
A potent narcotic analgesic drug administered by mouth or injection to relieve severe pain and as a linctus to suppress coughs .
A pouch formed from a weakened portion of the wall of the urethra that encroaches on the vaginal canal .
A pouch or cyst opening off the pharynx .
A power source of intensity P has a power level of 10 log10 P / P0 decibels , where P0 is the intensity of a reference source .
A powerful alkali in widespread use as a cleaning agent .
A powerful antihistamine drug used to treat allergic conditions and because of its sedative action insomnia .
A powerful corrosive acid , h2so4 widely used in industry .
A powerful incapacitating gas used in warfare and riot control .
A powerful insecticide that has been in wide use for many years against lice , fleas , flies , bed bugs , cockroaches , and other disease carrying and destructive insects .
A practitioner may have private patients in addition to NHS patients ; a few have exclusively private practices .
A precipitate produced by freezing and thawing under controlled conditions .
A pregnancy test in which a sample of the woman 's urine is injected into an unmated female rabbit .
A preparation containing alcohol ( ethanol ) or glycerine , which is used as the vehicle for bitter or nauseous drugs .
A preparation containing the pharmacologically active principles of a drugs , made by evaporating a solution of the drug in water , alcohol , or ether .
A preparation in which fine droplets of one liquid ( such as oil ) are dispersed in another liquid ( such as water ) .
A preparation made from the leaves and bark of the tree Hamamelis virginiana , used as an astringent , especially for the treatment of sprains and bruises .
A preparation of anti - genic material from a culture of the fungus Histoplasma capsulatum , used to test for the presence of the disease histoplasmosis by subcutaneous injection .
A preparation of gypsum ( calcium sulphate ) that sets hard when water is added .
A preparation of hot moist material applied to any part of the body to increase local circulation , alleviate pain , or soften the skin to allow matter to be expressed from a boil .
A preparation of the poisonous material ( toxin ) that is produced by dangerous infective organisms , such as those of tetanus and diphtheria , and has been rendered harmless by chemical treatment while retaining its antigenic activity .
A preparation of zinc carbonate used as a mild astringent on the skin in the form of a lotion , cream , or ointment .
A preparation that contains one or more protein - digesting enzymes .
A presenting symptom is one that leads a patient to consult a doctor .
A pressure represented by the pressure difference that exists between the osmotic pressure of blood and that of the lymph or tissue fluid .
A prickling sensation said to resemble the feeling of ants crawling over the skin .
A probang is also used to apply medication to these structures .
A procedure during abdominal surgery in which the stomach is opened , usually to allow inspection of the interior ( e . g . to find a point of bleeding ) , to remove a foreign body , or allow the oesophagus to be approached from below ( e . g . to pull down a tube through a constricting growth ) .
A procedure for diagnosing infections transmitted by insect carries .
A procedure for examining the interior of the entire colon and rectum using a flexible illuminated fibreoptic instrument ( colonoscope ) introduced through the anus and guided up the colon by a combination of visual and X - ray control .
A procedure for the hardening and preservation of tissues or microorganisms to be examined under a microscope .
A procedure for turning a fetus that is lying in a breech or transverse position so that its head will enter the birth passage first .
A procedure in massage in which the operator 's fingers are pressed , fingertip first , deep into the patient 's skin .
A procedure in which cerebrospinal fluid is withdrawn by means of a hollow needle inserted into the subarachnoid space in the region of the lower back ( usually between the third and fourth lumbar vertebrae ) .
A process , occurring in the liver , that occurs during the metabolism of amino acid .
A process involved in the metabolism of amino acids in which amino groups ( - NH2 ) are transferred from amino acids to certain alpha - keto acids , with the production of a second keto acid and amino acid .
A process occurring in bacteria and plants in which the protoplasm shrinks away from the rigid cell wall when the cell is placed in a hypertonic solution .
A process of conditioning leads to his learning to be dry .
A prodromal rash is one preceding the full rash of an infectious disease .
A product formed during the metabolism of the amino acids phenylalanine and tyrosine .
A product of protein metabolism found in muscle .
A product of the hydrolytic decomposition of protein .
A profound degree of intellectual subnormality in which the affected individual can do nothing for himself and cannot speak .
A profuse watery discharge from the urethra .
A progressive degenerative disease of the motor system occurring in middle age and causing muscle , weakness and wasting .
A progressive disease of the eye due to deficiency of vitamin A .
A progressive disease of the eye due to vitamin A deficiency .
A progressive form of dementia occurring in middle age , for which there is no treatment .
A progressive loss of muscle bulk associated with weakness of these muscles .
A projecting centre of round surface , especially the projection of the inner surface of the eardrum to which the malleus is attached .
A projection , lying just under the skin of the thyroid cartilage of the larynx .
A projection , often rounded , on an organ or tissue , particularly on a bone .
A projection of bone , usually shaped like a rose thorn , that occurs at sites of cartilage degeneration or destruction near joints and intervertebral discs .
A projection of the dermis that is surrounded by the base of the hair bulb .
A property of a microscopic structure whereby it shows an affinity for basic dyes .
A protein - digesting enzyme ( see peptidase ) .
A protein , found in muscle , that plays an important role in the process of contraction .
A protein , found in the body , that can combine with iron - containing groups to form haemoglobin ( found in red blood cells ) and myoglobin ( found in muscle ) .
A protein , soluble in alcohol , that is obtained from wheat .
A protein complex formed in muscle between actin and myosin during the process of contraction .
A protein component in the blood that is capable of bringing about the destruction ( lysis ) of whole cells .
A protein extract from cultures of tubercle bacilli , used to test whether a person has suffered from or been in contact with tuberculosis .
A protein formed in the liver of the fetus and present in the amniotic fluid in small amounts .
A protein hormone , produced in the pancreas by the beta cells of the islets of Langerhans , that is important for regulating the amount of sugar ( glucose ) in the blood .
A protein in the blood , derived from a plasma protein and released by the action of an enzyme ( renin ) from the kidneys , that causes an increase in the output of aldosterone from the adrenal cortex .
A protein in the thyroid gland from which the thyroid hormones ( thyroxine and triiodotyrosine ) are synthesized .
A protein of low molecular weight found in the urine of patients with multiple myeloma , lymphoma , leukaemia , and Hodgkin 's disease .
A protein of the globulin series that is present in the blood and functions as an antibody , forming an effective first - line defence against bacteria in the bloodstream .
A protein present in blood plasma that binds with free haemoglobin to form a complex that is rapidly removed from the circulation .
A protein produced in the fetus but not in normal adult life .
A protein that , in small amounts , speeds up the rate of a biological reaction without itself being used up in the reaction ( i . e . it acts as a catalyst ) .
A protein that is soluble in water and coagulated by heat .
A protein that is the major constituent of reticular fibres .
A protein that is the principal constituent of white fibrous connective tissue ( as occurs in tendons ) .
A protrusion of the medical wall of the vestibule of the middle ear .
A protrusion of the meninges alone is called a cranial meningocele .
A psychedelic drug that is also a hallucinogen .
A psychological illness , most common in female adolescents , in which the patients have no desire to eat , eating may , in fact , be abhorrent to them .
A psychological method of treating bed - wetting .
A psychosis caused by alcoholism , usually seen as a with drawal syndrome in chronic alcoholics .
A pungent volatile fluid used as a dry - cleaner .
A pure culture consists of a single bacterial species .
A purple coloration develops in the presence of DNA .
A purple colour confirms the presence of acetone or acetoacetic acid .
A pusfilled swelling in the soft palate around the tosil : a complication of tonsillitis .
A pyrimidine derivative that has been used to induce diabetes in experimental animals as it destroys the cells of the pancreatic islets of Langerhans that produce insulin .
A qualified medical practitioner who specializes in surgery .
A quantitative measure of the rate at which waste products are removed from the blood by the kidneys .
A quantity of fluid infused into the rectum through a tube passed into the anus .
A quantity of glucose is given to the patient by mouth , after a period of fasting , and the concentration of sugar in the blood and urine is estimated at regular intervals during the next few hours .
A quantity of urine in carefully poured onto the same quantity of pure nitric acid in a test tube .
A radio - opaque contrast medium is injected slowly into a vein and X - ray photographs ( venograms ) taken as the compound is carried towards the heart .
A radio - opaque iodine - containing compound used as a contrast medium in radiography .
A radio - opaque iodine - containing compound used in radiography to outline the gall bladder ( see cholecystography ) .
A radioactive gas that is the shortest - lived isotope in medical use ( haft - life 13 seconds ) .
A radioactive gaseous element that is produced during the delay of radium .
A radioactive metallic element that emits alpha and gamma rays during its decay into other elements .
A radiographic image of the pancreatic ducts obtained by injecting a contrast medium into them by direct puncture under ultrasound guidance , at the time of laparotomy or by ERCP .
A raised circular patch of skin or mucous membrane resulting from local damage , usually due to infection .
A raised convolution of the cerebral cortex , between two sulci ( clefts ) .
A raised threshold to pain stimuli combined with a highly unpleasant burning quality to any pain that is experienced once the threshold is exceeded .
A rapid and chaotic beating of the many individual muscle fibres of the heart , which is consequently unable to maintain effective synchronous contractive .
A rapid flow of voluble speech , often with incoherence , such as is encountered in mania .
A rapidly developing cancerous growth in the ovary .
A rapidly developing malignant growth in one or ( more often ) both ovaries : a type of fibrosarcoma .
A rapidly progressive form of the disease is called Landry 's paralysis .
A rapidly progressive form of the Guillain - Barré syndrome .
A rare and serious complication of malignant tertian ( falciparum ) malaria in which there is massive destruction of the red blood cells , leading to the presence of the blood pigment haemoglobin in the urine .
A rare and serious condition , affecting women either at the end of pregnancy or shortly after childbirth , in which the whole body is affected by convulsions and the patient eventually passes into a coma .
A rare benign tumour of skeletal muscle or heart muscle .
A rare cause of dementia in middle - aged people .
A rare cogenital abnormality of the eye in which there are one or more holes in the iris in addition to the pupil .
A rare condition of the eyes in which one eye turns down and inwards while the other turns up and outwards .
A rare condition that follows obstruction of the hepatic vein a blood clot or tumour .
A rare congenital condition in which there are three instead of four chambers of the heart due to the presence of a single common ventricle .
A rare constitutional disorder in which prolonged contraction of muscle fibres ( see myotonia ) develops when the patient is exposed to cold .
A rare defect of colour vision in which affected persons are insensitive to blue light and confuse blues and greens .
A rare degenerative condition of unknown cause , that affects the leg veins of young men .
A rare disease , occurring only in males , in which absorption of digested food in the intestine is reduced .
A rare disease in which the fungus Aspergillus fumigatus grows freely in pre - existing lesions in the lungs and bronchioles .
A rare disease occurring in the USA , caused by the fungus Cryptococus neoformans .
A rare disorder in which there is excessive secretion of circulating gastrin , which is produced by a pancreatic tumour ( benign or malignant ) or an enlarged pancreas .
A rare feature of untreated Paget 's disease .
A rare form of cancer originating in the outermost of the membranes ( chorion ) surrounding the fetus and affecting the womb or the site of a pregnancy outside the womb , e . g . a Fallopian tube ( see ectopic pregnancy ) .
A rare form of food poisoning caused by toxins produced by the bacterium Clostridium botulinum , which may contaminate badly preserved canned foods .
A rare infestation of the nasal cavities , windpipe , lungs , liver , or spleen by the nymphs of the parasitic arthropod Porocephalus .
A rare malignant tumour of the retina , occurring in infants .
A rare metabolic disorder in which the patient produces large quantities of dilute urine and is constantly thirsty .
A rare tumour of bone , caused by proliferation of osteoclast cells .
A rare tumour originating from the bile duct .
A rash may be a local skin reaction or the outward sign of a disorder affecting the body .
A rash of pimples that become pus filled , as in chickenpox and smallpox .
A reaction in which antibodies against the bacterium Streptococcus pneumoniae combine with the bacterial capsule , which becomes swollen and visible to light microscopy .
A reaction in which normally invisible material leaves solution to form a coarse suspension or precipitate as a result of a change in physical or chemical conditions .
A reaction that sometimes occurs 7 - 12 days after injection of a quantity of foreign serum , such as horse serum used in the preparation of antitetanus injections .
A reading is taken by observing which of the markings on the scales coincide .
A real or imaginary line through the centre of the body or one of its parts or a line about which the body or a part rotates .
A recording of the activity of a muscle .
A recording of the electrical activity of the heart on a moving paper strip ( see illustration ) .
A recordingdrum consisting of an elastic membrance streched over one end of a cylinder .
A rectal thermometter is inserted into the rectum .
A recurrent condition in which the patient suddenly collapses to the ground without loss of consciousness .
A recurrent thought , feeling , or action that is unpleasant and provokes anxiety but cannot be got rid of .
A recurrent throbbing headache that characteristically affects one side of the head .
A red acidic dye , produced by the reaction of bromine and fluorescein , used to stain biological specimens for miroscopical examination .
A red blood cell in which granules of iron - cointaining protein ( Pappenheimer bodies ) can be demonstrated by suitable staining techniques .
A red blood cell precursor ( erythroblast ) in which iron - containing granules can be demonstrated by suitable staining techniques .
A red blood cell that is abnormally thin .
A red dye administered by injection in a test for kidney function .
A red round itchy swelling of the skin , occurring generally on the fingers or toes in cold weather .
A red stain for bacteria and fungi , consisting of carbolic acid and fuchsin dissolved in alcohol and water .
A reduction in the normal number of teeth through congenital absence .
A reduction in the number of granulocytes ( a type of white cell ) in the blood .
A reduction in the number of platelets in the blood .
A reduction in the number of red blood cells in red blood .
A reduction in the number of white blood cells in the blood .
A reduction in the quantity of the oxygen - carrying pigment haemoglobin in the blood .
A reflex action of the intestine in which a physical stimulus causes the intestine to contract above and relax below the point of stimulation .
A reflex in which the response occurs not to the sensory stimulus that normally causes it but to a separate stimulus , which has been learnt to be associated with it .
A reflex obtained by drawing a bluntly pointed object along the outer border of the sole of the foot form the heel to the little toe .
A registered medical practitioner who specializes in the diagnosis and treatment of disease by other than surgical means .
A registrar may work with one or more senior surgeons , physicians , or consultants .
A regulating body set up by the Mental Health ( Amendment ) Atc of 1982 .
A relative scotoma is a spot where the vision is decreased but still present .
A relatively recent surgical procedure in which a deep - seated area in the brain is operated upon after its position has been established very accurately by three - dimensional measurements .
A remittent fever is one in which body temperature fluctuates out does not return to normal .
A removable appliance is a dental plate with appropriate retainers and springs to perform simple tooth movements .
A removable form of denture that both closes a defect in the palate and also bears artificial teeth for cosmetic purposes .
A removable replacement for one more teeth carried on some type of plate or frame .
A repeated and largely involuntary movement varying in complexity from the twitch of a muscle to elaborate well - coordinated actions .
A representation of the normal heart sounds as heard through the stethoscope .
A residential home for a group of people where some professional supervision is available .
A return of disease symptoms after recovery had apparently been achieved or the worsening of an apparently recovering patient 's condition during the course of an illness .
A rheumatic disease causing aching and progressive stiffness of the muscles of the shoulders and hips .
A rhythmical alternating movement that may affect any part of the body .
A rhythmical nodding movement of the head , sometimes involving the trunk .
A ribbon - like tract of nerve tissue conveying information from the spinal cord and brainstem upwards through the midbrain to the higher centres .
A rich network of blood vessels , derived from those of the pia mater , in each of the brain 's ventricles .
A ridge or linear protuberance , particularly on a bone .
A rigid casing for a limb , made with open - woven bandage impregnated with plaster of Paris and applied while wet .
A rigid support to hold broken bones in position until healing has occurred .
A ring of muscle round the margin contracts in bright light , causing the pupil to become smaller ( see pupillary reflex ) .
A rise in body temperature above 106oF ( 41.1oC ) .
A rise in body temperature above the normal , i . e . above an oral temperature of 98.6oF ( 37oC ) or a rectal temperature of 99oF ( 37.2oC ) .
A rise in body temperature occurs in fever .
A rise in temperature above 105oF ( 40.5oC ) may cause delirium and in young children , convulsions too .
A rod - shaped bacterium ( bacillus ) that is so small that it resembles a spherical bacterium ( coccus ) .
A room in which patients are exposed to either sunlight or artificial sunlight ( a blend of visible light and infrared and ultraviolet radiation directed from special lamps ) .
A rounded protuberance that occurs at the ends of some bones , e . g . the occipital bone , and forms an articulation with another bone .
A sac or pound formed at weak points in the walls of the alimentary tract .
A safe slow - acting antacid and laxative .
A salt of potassium that has antifungal , antibacterial , and deodorant activities .
A salt of potassium that is used to treat over activity of the thyroid gland ( thyrotoxicosis ) .
A salt of potassium used for disinfecting and cleansing wounds and as a general skin antiseptic .
A salt of potassium used to prevent and treat potassium deficiency , especially during treatment with certain diuretics .
A salt of silver with caustic , astringent , and disinfectant properties .
A salt of sodium that neutralizes acid and is used to treat stomach and digestive disorders , acidosis , and sodium deficiency .
A salt of sodium used , with sodium nitrite , to treat cyanide poisoning .
A salt of sodium used to prevent tooth decay .
A salt with similar effects and uses is antimony sodium tartrate .
A sample of blood at known dilution is examined in a special counting chamber .
A sample of serum is mixed with sulphanilic acid , hydrochloric acid , and sodium nitrite .
A sample of the patient 's blood is examined , using a complement fixation reaction , for the presence of antibodies to the organism Treponema pallidum .
A sample of the patient 's serum is tested for the presence of antibodies against the organism Proteus vulgaris .
A saucer - shaped bone of the skull that forms the back and part of the base of the cranium .
A scab or slough , as produced by the action of heat or a corrosivesubstance on living tissue .
A scale , such as any of the scales from the cornified layer of the epidermis .
A scanning electron microscope reveals the surfaces of objects at various magnifications its great depth of focus is advantageous .
A scar , any mark left after the healing of a wound , where the damaged tissue fail to repair themselves completely and are replaced by connective tissue .
A school of psychology and a method of treating mental disorders based upon the teachings of Sigmund Freud ( 1856 - 1939 ) .
A school of psychology that regards mental processes as wholes ( gestalts ) that cannot be broken down into constituent parts .
A science that links the study of inheritance ( genetics ) with that of cells ( cytology ) .
A scissor - like surgical instrument used to divide portions of tissue into two separate parts during an operation .
A scratching sound , heard over the heart with the aid of the stethoscope , in patients who have pericarditis .
A sealed glass or plastic capsule containing one dose of a drug in the form of a sterile solution for injection .
A sedation technique , used particularly in dentistry , in which a mixture of nitrous oxide and oxygen is given .
A sedative and hypnotic , given by mouth , usually as a syrup .
A sedative and hypnotic drug used , mainly in children and the elderly , to induce sleep or as a daytime sedative .
A sedative and hypnotic drug used to treat insomnia in the elderly ( when associated with confusion , agitation , and restlessness ) and dug withdrawal symptoms ( especially in alcoholism ) .
A sedative and hypnotic drug with uses similar to those of chloral hydrate .
A sedative and tranquillizing drug with muscle relaxant properties , used to relieve tension , fears and anxiety and in the treatment of alcoholism .
A sedative drug used to treat insomnia and sleep disturbances ( see hypnotic ) .
A sedative used to relieve pain , fever , and restlessness , mainly in children and elderly patients .
A segment of myocardium becomes replaced by scar tissue , which expands to form an aneurysmal sac .
A segment of small intestine ( ileum ) used to convey urine from the ureters to the exterior into an appliance .
A segment of vein becomes painful and tender and the surrounding skin feels hot and appears red .
A self - injuring act ( such as an overdose of sleeping tablets ) that is not motivated by a genuine wish to die .
A semisynthetic anti - biotic , administered by mouth , used in the treatment of a variety of infections .
A semisynthetic anti - biotic , given by mouth for the treatment of urinary tract infections .
A semisynthetic antibiotic , given by intramuscular or intravenous injection in the treatment of a number of infections .
A semisynthetic antibiotic , given by intravenous or intramuscular injection .
A sensation of pain behind the sternum as food or fluid is swallowed , particularly , the burning sensation experienced by patients with reflux oesophagitis when hot , spicy , or alcoholic liquid is swallowed .
A sensation of the desire to defecate , which is continuous or recurs frequently , without the production of significant amounts of faeces ( often small amounts of mucus or blood alone are passed ) .
A sense of extreme well - being and bliss .
A sense of fatigue brought on by use of the eyes for prolonged close work or in persons who have an uncorrected error of refraction or an imbalance of the muscles that move the eyes .
A sense of suffocation or suffocating pain .
A sensory nerve , ending in the skin or a mucous menbrane , that is responsive to stimuli from outside the body .
A sensory nerve ending that responds to heat or to cold .
A sensory receptor found within a tendon that responds to the tension or stretching of the tendon and relays impulses to the central nervous system .
A sensory receptor that is capable of responding to distant stimuli .
A septal defect permits abnormal circulation of blood from the left side of the heart , where pressure are higher , to the right .
A series of enzymes and proteins in living cells through which electrons are transferred , via a series of oxidation - reduction reactions .
A series of radiating fibres between the cerebral cortex and the internal capsule of the brain .
A series or pressure waves within an artery caused by contractions of the left ventricle and corresponding with the heart rate ( the number of times the heart beats per minute ) .
A serious brain disorder of infants , usually beginning under the age of six months .
A serious form of food poisoning from foods containing the toxin produced by the bacterium Clostridium botumlinum .
A serious virus disease confined to Central West Africa .
A serum component that attaches itself to invading bacteria and apparently makes them more attractive to phagocytes and thus more likely to be engulfed and destroyed .
A serum that contains antibodies against antigens of a particular kind , it may be injected to treat , or give temporary protection ( passive immunity ) against specific diseases .
A set of psychological and physical symptoms , including fatigue , irritability , headache , dizziness , anxiety , and intolerance of noise .
A severe and itchy inflammation of the skin occurring in people continuously subjected to the bites of the sandfly Phlebotomus papatasii .
A severe burning or stabbing pain often following the course of a nerve .
A severe but rare haemolytic anaemia affecting newborn infants due to destruction of the infant 's red blood cells by factors present in the mother 's serum .
A severe degree of paraphasia results in speech that is a meaningless jumble of words and sounds , called jargon aphasia .
A severe depression , usually psychotic , appearing for the first time in the involutional period of middle life ( approximately 40 - 55 for women , 50 - 65 for men ) .
A severe form of anaemia produced by gross deficiency of iron , so called because the greenish skin pallor that it produces .
A severe illness of children of the teething age , marked by pink cold clammy hands and feet , heavy sweating , raised blood pressure , rapid pulse , photophobia , loss of appetite , and insomnia .
A severe infection of the respiratory tract , especially of young childern , in whom there may be a dangerous degree of obstruction either at the larynx ( see croup ) or main air passages ( bronchi ) due to the thickness and stickiness of the fluid ( exudate ) produced by the inflamed tissues .
A severe mental disorder ( or group of disorders ) characterized by a disintegration of the process of thinking , of contact with reality , and of emotional responsiveness .
A severe mental illness causing repeated episodes of depression , mania , or both .
A severe mental illness in which the sufferer loses contact with reality .
A sex chromosome that is present in men but not in women .
A sharp bend in an anatomical structure , such as the bend in the facial nerve in the medial wall of the middle ear .
A sharp localized pain , commonly in the abdomen , associated with strenuous physical activity ( such as running ) , especially shortly after eating .
A sharp pain in the head , as if a nail were being driven in .
A sharp process of a bone , the vertebral column ( see backbone ) .
A sharp ridge on the upper branch of the pubis ( part of the hip bone ) .
A sharply angled curvature of the backbone , resulting from collapse of a vertebra .
A sharply localized forward angulation of the spine , resulting in the appearance of a lump ( the defromity of the traditional hunchback ) .
A sheath made of latex rubber , plastic , or silk that is fitted over the penis during sexual intercourse .
A sheath of epidermal cells and connective tissue that surrounds the root of a hair .
A sheet of peritoneum that supports or links together abdominal organs .
A sheet placed beneath a patient in bed that , when one portion has been soiled or become uncomfortably wrinkled , may be pulled under the patient so that another portion may be used .
A short - acting anti - histamine , given by mouth in the treatment of allergic conditions , particularly hay fever and rhinitis , and to prevent travel sickness .
A short - acting antihistamine drug , given by mouth to relieve the symptoms of allergic reactions .
A short - acting drug that relieves spasm of small arteries and capillaries and improves the blood flow to the skin .
A short artery originating as the first large branch of the aortic arch , passing upwards to the right , and ending at the lower neck near the right sternoclavicular joint .
A short tract leading from an opening in the skin in or near the cleft at the top of the buttocks and containing hairs .
A short vein , about 8cm long , forming part of the hepatic portal system .
A sickle - shaped fold of the dura mater that dips inwards from the skull in the midline , between the cerebral hemispheres .
A side - effect of prolonged use in large doses is eye damage .
A sign that is indicative of an aneurysm of the aortic arch : a downward tug is felt on the windpipe when the finger is placed in the midline at the root of the neck .
A silent period in the knocking sounds heard with a stethoscope over an artery , between the systolic and diastolic blood pressures , when the blood pressure is measured with a sphygmomanometer .
A silver - coloured nonprecious alloy of cobalt and chromium used for the metal frame of partial dentures .
A silvery metallic element that can cause serious lung irritation if the fumes of the molten metal are inhaled .
A silvery metallic element that is liquid at room temperature .
A similar appearance may be produced by a healing corneal abrasion .
A similar condition ( Raynaud 's phenomenon ) may result from atherosclerosis , collagen diseases , ingestion of ergot derivatives , or the frequent use of vibrating tools .
A similar condition affects the dependent parts of the body after death .
A similar condition may affect the lung in pulmonary hypertension .
A similar sound heard with a stethoscope over an inflamed lung when the patient breathes in .
A similar syndrome ( Dressler 's syndrome ) may follow myocardial infarction .
A similar tremor may also occur in several members of one family or in elderly people .
A similar tumour occurs in the ovary ( see dysgerminoma ) .
A similar vestigial structure ( the paroophoron ) is found in females .
A simple coiled tubular exocrine gland that lies in the dermis of the skin .
A simple fracture involves a clean break with little damage to surrounding tissues and no break in the overlying skin .
A simple plant that lacks the green pigment chlorophyll .
A simple protein that combines with a nucleic acid to form a nucleoprotein .
A simple stethoscope usually consists of a diaphragm or an open bell - shaped structure ( which is applied to the body ) connected by rubber or plastic tubes to shaped earpieces for the examiner .
A simple sugar and a constituent of the milk sugar lactose .
A simple sugar containing six carbon atoms ( a hexose ) .
A simple sugar found in honey and in such fruit as figs .
A simple sugar having the general formula ( CH2O ) n .
A simple sugar that terminates with a keto group ( - C = O ) ; for example , fructose .
A simple sugar with five carbon atoms ; for example , ribose and xylose .
A simple test carried out on a large number of apparently healthy people to separate those who probably have a specified disease from those who do not .
A simultaneous decrease in the numbers of red cells ( anaemia ) , white cells ( neutropenia ) , and platelets ( thrombocytopenia ) in the blood .
A situation in which a single gene is responsible for more than one effect in the phenotype .
A skin blemish or mark present at birth .
A skin disease - a type of allergic dermatitis - caused by clothes laundry - marked with ink used in India by native laundrymen ( or women ) .
A skin disease - an ulcerative type of impetigo - in which the infection spreads down to the lower layer of the skin ( dermis ) .
A skin disease , occurring in tropical and subtropical Africa and Asia , caused by the parasitic protozoan Leishmania tropica ( see leishmaniasis ) .
A skin disease , prevalent in tropical America , that seems to affect only the dark - skinned races .
A skin disease caused either by larvae of certain nematode worms ( e . g . Ancylostoma braziliense ) normally parasitic in dogs and cats or by the maggots of certain flies ( see Hypoderma , Gasterophilus ) .
A skin disease in which localized areas itch persistently , and because of constant scratching , become thickened ( see lichenification ) .
A skin disease of the face in which the blood vessels enlarge , giving the cheeks and nose a flushed appearance .
A skin disease prevalent in wet tropical regions .
A skin disease thought to be a type of generalized scleroderma .
A skin disorder in which the sebaceous glands become inflamed .
A skin graft is a piece of skin cut from a healthy part of the body and used to heal a damaged area of skin .
A skin graft is normally taken from another part of the body of the same patient ( an autograft ) , but occasionally skin may be grafted from one person to another as a temporary healing measure ( a homograft ) .
A skin infection caused by the itch mite , sarcoptes scabiei .
A skin rash accompanying any eruptive disease or fever .
A skin rash resulting from bleeding into the skin from small blood vessels ( capillaries ) .
A sleeplike state , artificially induced in a person by a hypnotist , in which the mind is more than usually receptive to suggestion and memories of past events - apparently forgotten - may be elicited by questioning .
A slender sharp - pointed instrument used for a variety of purposes .
A slight but incessant loss of blood from the womb .
A slightly movable joint ( see amphiarthrosis ) in which the surfaces of the bones are separated by hyaline cartilage , as occurs between the ribs and sternum .
A slightly movable joint in which the bony surfaces are separated by fibrocartilage ( see symphysis ) or hyaline cartilage ( see synchondrosis ) .
A slow - growing malignant tumour of the face , usually at the edge of the eyelid , lips , or nostrils .
A slow injection of a substance ( e . g . saline or dextrose ) into a vein or subcutaneous tissue .
A small ( often hard ) benign growth in the skin .
A small amount of attrition occurs with age but accelerated wear may occur in bruxism and with certain diets .
A small anatomical area that is distinguishable from the surrounding tissue .
A small anvil - shaped bone in the middle ear that articulates with the malleus and the stapes .
A small area of abnormally decreased or absent vision in the visual field , surrounded by normal sight .
A small backward - pointing projection on each side of the sphenoid bone .
A small blind sac in the wall of the nasal cavity .
A small blood vessel found in certain organs , such as the adrenal gland and liver .
A small branch of an artery , leading into many smaller vessels - the capillaries .
A small branch to the middle ear regulates the tension on the ear ossicles .
A small but regular flow of saliva is maintained to promote cleanliness in the mouth even when food is not being eaten .
A small cavity in the mesoderm of the head of an embryo that later develops into the membranous labyrinth of the ear .
A small cell produced as an intermediate stage in the formation of spermatozoa .
A small communication between a tiny artery and vein in the skin of the limbs .
A small dome - shaped structure consisting sensory hairs embedded in gelatinous material , forming part of a crista in the ampullae of the semicircular canals of the ear .
A small flat surface on a bone or tooth , especially a surface of articulation .
A small glass bottle for storing medicines or poisons .
A small hairy fly of the widely distributed genus Phlebotomus .
A small hammer used to investigate nervous reflexes and in the technique of percussion .
A small hand - held dynamometer may be used to record the strength of a patient 's grip .
A small hard mass of faeces , found particularly in the vermiform appendix : a cause of inflammation .
A small inflamed swelling on the skin that contains pus .
A small instrument for measuring the pressure inside the eye .
A small instrument is pressed against the eye until the vessels are seen ( through an ophthalmoscope ) to collapse .
A small isolated U - shaped bone in the neck , below and supporting the tongue .
A small knife with a tiny curved or hooked blade , used to cut the lens capsule in the type of operation for cataract in which the capsule is left behind ( extracapsular cataract extraction ) .
A small localized area of dead tissue produced as a result of an inadequate blood supply is known as an infarct .
A small magnifying hand lens used for examining the front part of the eye .
A small mass of tissue in the carotid sinus containing chemoreceptors that monitor levels of oxygen , carbon dioxide , and hydrogen ions in the blood .
A small object on the end of a black rod is moved onto the screen and the patient tells the examiner when he sees it .
A small opening ; for example , sweat pores are the openings of the sweat glands on the surface of the skin .
A small ovoid lobe of the cerebellum , overhung by the posterior lobe and connected centrally with the nodulus in the midline .
A small painful swelling beside the anus , occurring after a bout of straining to pass faeces or coughing .
A small painless nonmalignant swelling in the lower half of the sternomastoid muscle , appearing a few days after birth .
A small parasitic whip - like nematode worm , trichuris trichiura ( Trichocephalus diapar ) , that lives in the large intestine .
A small particle consisting of a piece of endoplasmic reticulum with ribosomes attached .
A small particle found in the cytoplasm of cells , near the nucleus .
A small piece of silicone plastic is sewn on the outside of the eyeball to produce an indentation over the region where a retina hole has been found .
A small pinkish - yellow nodule surrounded by a zone of dilated blood vessels that occurs in the conjunctiva or in the cornea .
A small plate of bone , ivory , or other material pressed against the surface of the body and struck with a presser in the technique of percussion .
A small pointed surgical knife used by surgeons for cutting tissues .
A small portable device that records the number of paces walked , and thus the approximate distance covered .
A small pouch in the wall of each atrium of the heart : the term is also used incorrectly as a synonym for atrium .
A small projection of cartilage above the lobe of the ear , opposite the tragus .
A small protuberance on the lingual surface of the crowns of incisor and canine teeth .
A small pus - containing blister on the skin .
A small pus - filled eruption on the skin characteristic of chickenpox and smallpox rashes .
A small quantity of diphtheria toxin is injected under the skin .
A small quantity of a solution of an enzyme that dissolves the zonule without damaging other parts of the eye is injected behind the iris a minute or two before the lens is removed .
A small quantity of the dye is injected into the bloodstream , and its concentration in the blood is measured after 5 and then 45 minutes .
A small quantity of the virus , inactivated by heat , is injected into the patient 's skin .
A small reproductive body produced by plants and microorganisms .
A small round ball , sometimes coated with sugar , that contains one or more medicinal substances in solid form .
A small round flat dark - red spot caused by bleeding into skin or beneath the mucous membrane .
A small rounded container , usually made of glass , for solutions used to wash out the eye .
A small sac ( the prostatic utricle ) extending out of the urethra of the male into the substance of the prostate gland .
A small sac , follicle , or cavity ; for example , the crypts of Lieberkuhn ( see Lieberkuhn 's glands ) , which are intestinal glands .
A small sac of fibrous tissue that is lined with synovial membrane and filled with fluid ( synovia ) .
A small sac or cavity surrounded by the secretory cells of a gland .
A small secretory cavity , sac , or gland , such as any of the cavities in the ovary in which the ova are formed .
A small section of the upper lobe of the left lung , extending downwards in front of the heart .
A small soft extension of the soft palate that hangs from the roof of the mouth above the root of the tongue .
A small soft tumour , characteristic of the tertiary stage of syphilis , that occurs in connective tissue , the liver , brain , testes , heart , or bone .
A small space in a tissue or between parts of the body .
A small structure within a cell that is similar to a lysosome but contains different enzymes , some of which may take part in reactions involving hydrogen peroxide .
A small superficial raised abnormality or spot on the skin .
A small swelling or aggregation of cells .
A small ulcer , occurring singlely or in groups in the mouth as white or red spots .
A small ulcer forms at the site of the bite .
A small valve , the valvulae conniventes are circular folds of mucous membrane in the small intestine .
A small vascular tumour of the inner region ( medulla ) of the adrenal gland .
A small wad of dressing material , such as lint , used either to cover a wound or sore or as a plug .
A small widely distributed bloodsucking insect of the genus Simulium .
A small winged blood - sucking insect belonging to a large group - the Diptera ( two - winged flies ) .
A small wingless bloodsucking insect with a laterally compressed body and long legs adapted for jumping .
A small wingless insect that is an external parasite of man .
A smaller chart on the same principle is available for testing near vision .
A smaller muscle , psoas minor , has the same action but is often absent .
A smooth oval swelling in the upper part of the medulla oblongata on each side .
A smooth resistance is called plastic or lead pipe rigidity while intermittent resistance is called cogwheel rigidity .
A smooth transparent membrane , consisting of mesothelium and underlying elastic fibrous connective tissue , lining certain large cavities of the body .
A snoring type of noisy breathing heard in deeply unconscious patients .
A sodium - containing salt of antimony used to treat schistosomiasis .
A sodium salt used , with sodium thiosulphate , to treat cyanide poisoning .
A soft blowing sound heard through the stethoscope , usually produced by blood flowing in vessels .
A soft bluish - grey metallic element that forms several poisonous compounds .
A soft dressing consisting of open - woven silk ( or other material ) impregnated with a waterproof soft paraffin wax .
A soft fine crackling sound heard in the lungs through the stethoscope .
A soft flexible cover that fits over the teeth for protection in contact sports .
A soft impression material is placed over the teeth or jaw and sets within several minutes .
A soft inflammatory swelling covered with pustules , caused by a ringworm fungus infection .
A soft mass of chewed food that is ready to be swallowed .
A soft mass of tissue ( for example , of the spleen ) .
A softening agent that is given by mouth or in suppositories , often together with a laxative , to relieve constipation .
A solid discrete mass of tissue ; e . g . the carotid body .
A solid mass formed as the result of blood coagulation , either within the blood vessels and heart or elsewhere ( compare thrombus ) .
A soluble case , usually made of gelatin , in which certain drugs are administered .
A solution consisting of an essential oil dissolved in alcohol .
A solution containing 0.9 % sodium chloride .
A solution containing 40 % fomaldehyde in water , used as a sterilizing agent .
A solution in which the number of grams of dissolved substance per litre equals its molecular weight , i . e . a solution of molarity 1 M .
A solution of the mixture is separated from distilled water by the membrane , the solutes pass through the membrane into the water while the proteins , ect . , are retained .
A solution that produces ions ( an ion is an atom or group of atoms that conduct electricity ) .
A solution used for detecting the presence of sugar in urine .
A solution whose hydrogen ion concentration ( pH ) remains virtually unchanged by dilution or by the addition of acid or alkali .
A soothing agent that protects the mucous membranes and relieves irritation .
A space between the gingival tissues and tooth occurring in periodontitis .
A space within the cytoplasm of a cell , formed by infolding of the cell membrane , that contains material taken in by the cell .
A special form of tomogram ( see tomography ) that provides as picture of all the teeth of both jaws on one film .
A special glass chamber of known volume into which diluted blood is introduced .
A special kind of blood protein that is synthesized in lymphoid tissue in response to the presence of a particular antigen and circulates in the plasma to attack the antigen and render it harmless .
A special lens used for viewing the structures around the edge of the anterior chamber of the eye ( in front of the lens ) .
A special operating table posture for patients undergoing surgery of the pelvis or for patients suffering from shock .
A special optical dynamometer measures the action of the muscles controlling the shape of the lens of the eye .
A special preparation of antigenic material that can be used to stimulate the development of antibodies and thus confer active immunity against a specific disease or number of disease .
A special standardized X - ray picture that can be used to measure alterations in the growth of skull bones .
A specialized method of X - ray examination to demonstrate the spinal canal that involves injection of a radio - opaque contrast medium into the subarachnoid space .
A specialized periosteal elevator is used in orthopaedics to strip the fibrous tissue ( periosteum ) covering bone .
A specialized receptor , sensitive to stretch , that is embedded between and parallel to the fibres of striated muscles .
A specialized ring of muscle that surrounds an orifice .
A specialized sensory nerve ending ( see receptor ) that monitors internal changes in the body brought about by movement and muscular activity .
A specialized structure at the end of a peripheral nerve , acting as a receptor for a particular sensation .
A specific part of an organ or other structure , such as any of parts of the pituitary gland .
A specimen of cellular material scraped from the neck ( cervix ) of the womb and examined under a microscope in order to determine whether cancer is present .
A specimen of tissue or other material taken from part the body and smeared on a microscope slide for examination .
A specimen of tissue taken from the womb is stained and examined under the microscope for the presence of abnormal cells .
A specular reflection contrasts with vaguer diffuse echoes produced by minor differences in tissue density .
A speech disorder in which the patient uses a vocabulary or range of sounds that is peculiar to him .
A speech disorder in which the pronunciation is unclear although the linguistic content and meaning are normal .
A spherical or globe - shaped structure , for example the globus pallidus part of the lenticular nucleus in the brain ( see basal ganglia ) .
A spherical structure , 50 - 60 m in diameter , that develops from the zygote ( see ookinete ) of the malarial parasite ( Plasmodium ) on the outer wall .
A splashing noise heard when a patient who has a large quanlity of fluid in a body cavity , such as the pleural cavity , moves suddenly or is deliberately shaken .
A splint left inside the lumen of a duct at operation to aid healing of an anastomosis by draining the contents away .
A splitting open , as of a surgical wound .
A spoon - shaped instrument for scraping tissue from a cavity ( see curettage ) .
A spoon - shaped surgical instrument that is used to scrape out diseased tissue , usually for laboratory examination .
A sporocyst develops from a first stage larva ( see miracidium ) and gives rise either to the next larval stage ( see redia ) or daughter sporocysts .
A spot , discoloration , or thickening of the skin that forms a distinct area from the surrounding normal surface .
A spotted or speckled appearance , such as is seen in the retina in certain eye diseases or in abnormal red blood cells stained with basic dyes .
A sputum productive cough occurs in many conditions in which examination of the sputum for microorganisms , cells , and other substances may help diagnosis .
A stab culture is a bacterial culture growing in a plug of solid medium within a bottle ( or tube ) .
A stage in the course of a disease ; for example , the stadium invasioni is the period between exposure to infection and the onset of symptoms .
A stage in the life cycle of the malaria parasite ( Plasmodium ) .
A standard meal given to stimulate secretion of digestive juices , which can then be withdrawn by tube and measured as a test of digestive function .
A standardized assessment procedure for the determination of intellectual ability .
A star - shaped collection of sympathetic nerve cell bodies in the root of the neck , from which sympathetic nerve fibres are distributed to the face and neck and to the blood vessels and organs of the thorax .
A star - shaped fracture of the kneecap caused by a direct blow .
A star - shaped object in a cell that surrounds the centrosome during mitosis and meiosis and it concerned with the formation of the spindle .
A state in the life cycle of the malarial parasite ( Plasmodium ) that develops from a merozoite in the red blood cells .
A state in which a person feels himself becoming unreal or strangely altered , or feels that his mind is becoming separated from his body .
A state in which absorption of one or more substances by the small intestine is reduced .
A state in which muscles are floppy , lacking their normal elasticity .
A state in which prolonged inhalation occurs .
A state in which reaction to the environment is diminished although awareness is not impaired .
A state in which the pressure within the hepatic portal vein is increased , causing enlargement of the spleen , enlargement of veins in the oesophagus ( gullet ) ( which may rupture to cause severe bleeding ) , and accumulation of fluid in the peritoneal cavity ( ascites ) .
A state of abnormal mental excitement or irritation .
A state of acute anxiety , seen only in certain cultures ( such as that of the Chinese of SE Asia ) , characterized by a sudden belief that the penis is shrinking into the abdomen and will disappear .
A state of alertness and of high responsiveness to stimuli .
A state of arousal that can be experienced as pleasant or unpleasant .
A state of arrested or incomplete development of the mind .
A state of calmness and freedom from anxiety , especially the state produced by tranquillizing drugs .
A state of cheerful excitement and enthusiasm .
A state of dependence produced by the habitual taking of any of certain drugs .
A state of diminished consciousness or complete unconsciousness caused by the use of narcotic drugs , which have a depressant action on the nervous system .
A state of distress and fear at the prospect of leaving secure surroundings , such as is experienced by some children when they must leave parents to go to school .
A state of mind characterized by excessive cheerfulness and increased activity .
A state of natural unconsciousness , during which the brain 's activity is not apparent ( apart from the continued maintenance of basic bodily functions , such as breathing ) but can be detected by means of an electroencephalogram ( EEG ) .
A state of normal or greater than normal strength .
A state of optimism , cheerfulness , and well - being .
A state of overactive restlessness in children .
A state of physical weakness or abnormally low muscular tension .
A state of sluggishness and diminished responsiveness : a characteristic of certain mental disorders and a symptom of certain forms of poisoning or metabolic disorder .
A sterioid that is formed during the metabolism of the female sex hormone progesterone .
A steroid drug that inhibits the effects of male sex hormones ( androgens ) and is used to treat various sexual disorders in men .
A steroid drug with anabolic properties , used to treat conditions involving wasting of protein and bone , such as osteoporosis .
A steroid hormone ( see androgen ) that is synthesized and released by the testes and is responsible for controlling male sexual development .
A steroid hormone ( see corticosteroid ) synthesized and released in small amounts by the adrenal cortex .
A steroid hormone ( see corticosteroid ) that is synthesized and released by the adrenal cortex and acts on the kidney to regulate salt and water balance .
A steroid hormone , the major glucocorticoid synthesized and released by the human adrenal cortex ( see corticosteroid ) .
A steroid hormone secreted by the corpus luteum of the ovary , the placenta , and also ( in small amounts ) by the adrenal cortex and testes .
A steroid synthesized in the adrenal glands , ovaries , and testes .
A stiff coarse hair , especially one of the stiff hairs that lie just inside the nostrils .
A stirrup - shaped bone in the middle ear that articulates with the incus and is attached to the membrane of the fenestra ovalis .
A stock culture is a permanent bacterial culture , from which subcultures are made .
A stone - like structure , usually found incidentally on abdominal X - ray , that results from deposition of calcium in a venous blood clot .
A stone : a hard pebble - like mass formed within the body , particularly in the gall bladder ( see gallstone ) or anywhere in the urinary tract ( see cystolithiasis , nephrolithiasis ) .
A stone formed of dried compressed faeces .
A stone in the stomach , which usually builds up around a bezoar .
A stony mass formed within such an organ as the kidney , especially the coating of an internal organ ( or foreign body , such as a urinary catheter ) with calcium salts .
A strain of a microorganism , derived by mutation , that requires one or more specific factors for growth not needed by the parent organism .
A strain of tubercle bacillus that has lost the power to cause tuberculosis but retains its antigenic activity , it is therefore used to prepare a vaccine against the disease .
A stream of blood taken from an artery is circulated through the dialyser on one side of a semipermeable membrane , while a solution of similar electrolytic composition to the patient 's blood circulates on the other side .
A stricture may result from inflammation , muscular spasm , growth of a tumour within the affected part , or from pressure on it by neighbouring organs .
A strip of mesodermal tissue that develops along the dorsal surface of the early embryo , beneath the neural tube .
A stroke can vary in severity from a passing weakness or tingling in a limb to a profound paralysis , coma , and death .
A strong acid percent , in a very dilute form , in gastric juice .
A strong antiseptic effective against many microorganisms and used mostly in soap solutions as a general disinfectant .
A strong corrosive mineral acid , HNO3 , the concentrated form of which is capable of producing severe burns of the skin .
A strong disinfectant used for cleansing wounds , treating inflammations of the mouth , throat , and ear , and as a preservative in injections .
A structure , occurring in varying numbers in the cytoplasm of every cell , that is the site of the cell 's energy production .
A structure formed by and surrounding the larvae of certain parasitic worms .
A structure found in some tubular organs or parts that restricts the flow of fluid within them to one direction only .
A structure occurring in some bacterial cells , formed by infolding of the cell membrane .
A structure that covers an organ or part of an organ .
A structure that occurs in the cytoplasm of cells and consists of a group of ribosomes linked together by messenger RNA molecules : formed during protein synthesis .
A structure within a cell that is specialized for a particular function .
A subcutaneous injection is given beneath the skin .
A subdivision of a part or organ that can be distinguished from the whole by boundaries , such as septa , that are visible with or without a microscope .
A subdivision of the bronchial tree that does not contain cartilage or mucous glands in its wall .
A subgroup of a large population ( the so - called universe ) selected by a random process ensuring that each member of the universe has an equal chance of being included in the sample .
A submucous resection is removal of part of the cartilage septum ( central division ) of the nose that has become deviated , usually by injury .
A substance ( coagulation factor ) , present in blood plasma , that is acted upon by the enzyme thrombin to produce the insoluble protein fibrin in the final stage of blood coagulation .
A substance ( coagulation factor ) that acts as an enzyme , converting the soluble protein fibrinogen to the insoluble protein fibrin in the final stage of blood coagulation .
A substance ( such as a drug ) or a tissue graft inserted into the skin .
A substance , intermediate between albumin and peptones , produced during the digestion of proteins by pepsin and other endopeptidases ( see peptidase ) .
A substance , present in blood plasma ; that is the inactive precursor from which the enzyme thrombin is derived during the process of blood coagulation .
A substance , produced by or derived from a microorganism , that destroys or inhibits the growth of other microorganisms .
A substance , rich in protein and fat , that is laid down within the egg cell as nourishment for the embryo .
A substance administered by mouth , applied to the body , or introduced into the body for the purpose of treatment .
A substance capable of bringing about destruction of red blood cells ( haemolysis ) .
A substance composed of a protein shell containing iron salts which may be present inside certain cells , being one of the forms in which iron is stored within the body .
A substance contained within the red blood cells ( erythrocytes ) and responsible for their colour , composed of the pigment haem ( an iron - containing porphyrin ) linked to the protein globin .
A substance derived from creatine and creatine phosphate in muscle .
A substance formed by the linkage of a large number of smaller molecules known as monomers .
A substance formed during the earlier stages of blood coagulation .
A substance formed when carbon monoxide combines with the pigment haemoglobin in the blood .
A substance formed when the iron atoms of the blood pigment haemoglobin been oxidized from the ferrous to the have ferric form ( compare oxyhaemoglobin ) .
A substance in the blood , consisting of a group of nine different fractions , that aids the body 's defences when antibodies combine with invading antigens .
A substance normally present in the blood plasma that may be activated to form plasmin .
A substance or piece of tissue inserted to replace a defect in a tissue .
A substance produced in the pancreas from which the hormone insulin is derived .
A substance released into the blood by the kidney in response to stress .
A substance that alters the rate of a chemical reaction but is itself unchanged at the end of the reaction .
A substance that can either reduce the spontaneous production of mutations or prevent or reverse the action of a mutagen .
A substance that contains one or more fatty acids ( in the form of triglycerides ) and is the principal form in which energy is stored by the body ( in adipose tissue ) .
A substance that enhances the effect of a carcinogen .
A substance that increases the sensitivity of cells to radiation .
A substance that is combined with a drug in order to render it suitable for administration ; for example in the form of pills .
A substance that is introduced into the body and whose progress can subsequently be followed so that information is gained about metabolic processes .
A substance that is not itself a vitamin but can be converted to a vitamin in the body .
A substance that is produced by cells infected with a virus and has the ability to inhibit viral growth .
A substance that is produced in one part of the body ( by an endocrine gland , such as the thyroid , adrenal , or pituitary ) , passes into the bloodstream and is carried to other ( distant ) organs or tissues , where it acts to modify their structure of function .
A substance that is used for moistening , causing moistening .
A substance that must be consumed as part of the diet to provide a source of energy , material for growth , or substances to regulate growth or energy production .
A substance that prevents the occurrence of a given process or reaction .
A substance that produces a fluorescent flash when struck by high energy radiation , such as beta or gamma rays .
A substance that takes part in the process of metabolism .
A substance that tastes bitter to some individuals but is tasteless to others .
A succession of X - ray films of the urinary tract following the injection into a vein of an iodine - containing substance ( which is opaque to X - rays ) .
A suction cup that can be attached to the head of a fetus in order aid delivery .
A sudden attack of weakness affecting one side of the body .
A sudden filling of the mouth with dilute saliva .
A sudden outbreak of infectious disease that spreads rapidly through the population , affecting a large proportion of people .
A sudden outburst of furious and murderous aggression , directed indiscriminately at everybody in the vicinity .
A sudden spasm of the muscles typically lifting and flexing the arms .
A sudden violent attack , especially a spasm or convulsion .
A sugar , consisting of one molecule of glucose and one of galactose , found only in milk .
A sugar consisting of two molecules of glucose .
A sulphur - containing amino acid that is an important constituent of many enzymes .
A sulphur - containing compound that can be readily interconverted to and from its reduced form , dihydrolipoic acid .
A sulphur - containing essential amino acid .
A superficial inflammation of the skin , mainly affecting the epidermis .
A supposed ability of some individuals to alter the state of an object by the power of the mind alone , without any physical intervention .
A supposed way of perceiving that involves none of the known senses .
A surfactant is secreted by the cells ( pneumocytes ) lining the alveoli of the lungs to prevent the alveolar walls from sticking together .
A surgical chisel designed to cut bone ( see illustration ) .
A surgical device , resembling a snare , that is used to sever the base of a tumour during its surgical removal .
A surgical incision into the abdominal cavity .
A surgical incision into the jejunum in order to inspect the interior or remove something from within it .
A surgical incision into the vas deferens ( the duct conveying sperm from the testis ) .
A surgical instrument ( a type of endoscope ) comprising an illuminated viewing tube that is inserted through the abdominal wall to enable the surgeon to view the organs in the abdomen ( see laparoscope ) .
A surgical instrument used for crushing a stone in the bladder .
A surgical instrument used for cutting thin slices of skin in some skin grafting operations .
A surgical instrument used for removing the tonsils .
A surgical instrument used for the destruction of the skull of a fetus .
A surgical instrument used to dilate forcibly any canal or cavity , usually the urethra .
A surgical instrument used to expose the operation site by drawing aside the cut edges of skin , muscle , or other tissues .
A surgical instrument used to remove a circular area of tissue , usually from the cornea of the eye or from bone ( the latter for microscopical examination ) .
A surgical instrument with a bent or curved tip , used to hold , lift , or retract tissue at operation .
A surgical needle with a shank that has a protruding collar to stop it when the needle has been pushed a prescribed distance into the tissue .
A surgical operation for delivering a baby through the abdominal wall , it should not be performed before the 28th week of gestation .
A surgical operation in which a hole is made into the trachea through the neck to relieve obstruction to breathing , as in diphtheria .
A surgical operation in which a new opening is formed in the bony labyrinth of the inner ear as part of the treatment of deafness due to otosclerosis .
A surgical operation in which a part of the colon is brought through the abdominal wall and opened in order to drain decompress the intestine , the part of the colon chosen depends on the site of obstruction .
A surgical operation in which a part of the stomach ( the antrum ) is removed .
A surgical operation in which a temporary or permanent opening is made into the main duct carrying bile from the liver .
A surgical operation in which an organ , tumour , or cyst is completely removed .
A surgical operation in which part of the intestine is fixed to the abdominal wall .
A surgical operation in which the common bile duct in opened , to search for or to remove stones within it .
A surgical operation in which the duodenum ( usually the third or fourth part ) is joined to an opening made in the stomach in order to bypass an obstruction ( such as pyloric stenosis ) or to facilitate the exit of food from the stomach after vagotomy .
A surgical operation in which the gall bladder is opened , usually to remove gallstones .
A surgical operation in which the ileum is brought through the abdominal wall to create an artificial opening ( stoma ) through which the intestinal contents can discharge , thus bypassing the colon .
A surgical operation in which the ileum is joined to some part of the colon .
A surgical operation in which the ileum is joined to the rectum usually after surgical removal of the colon ( see colectomy ) .
A surgical operation in which the jejunum is joined to an opening made in the stomach .
A surgical operation in which the muscle around the outlet of the stomach ( pylorus ) is divided down to lining ( mucosa ) in order to relieve congenital pyloric stenosis .
A surgical operation in which the muscular outlet of the stomach ( pylorus ) is removed . .
A surgical operation in which the oesophagus ( gullet ) is joined to the stomach , bypassing the natural junction when this is obstructed by achalasia , stricture ( narrowing ) of the oesophagus , or cancer .
A surgical operation in which the oesophagus is opened onto the neck .
A surgical operation in which the outlet of the stomach ( pylorus ) is widened by a form of reconstruction .
A surgical operation in which the rectum and colon are removed .
A surgical operation in which the small intestine is joined to an opening made in the stomach .
A surgical operation in which the stomach is brought through the abdominal wall and an opening made into it .
A surgical operation in which the whole or a part of the stomach is removed .
A surgical operation may be required in order to correct the condition .
A surgical operation on a living animal for experimental purposes .
A surgical operation or any other process that induces sterility in men or women ; for example , by cutting the vasa deferentia in men ( see vasectomy ) and the Fallopian tubes in women ( see salpingectomy ) or by castration .
A surgical operation to cut a bone into two parts , followed by realignment of the ends to allow healing .
A surgical operation to fix the urinary bladder ( or a portion of it ) in a different position .
A surgical operation to produce a permanent or semipermanent artificial opening to an antrum in a bone so providing drainage for any fluid .
A surgical operation to remove part of a muscle .
A surgical operation to stitch tears of the rectum or anus .
A surgical procedure for the relief of severe and persistent pain in the pelvis or lower limbs .
A surgical procedure in which a blood clot ( thrombus ) is removed from an artery or vein ( see endarterectomy , plebothrombosis ) .
A surgical procedure in which a hollow needle is pushed through the wall of the stomach or intestines to release an abnormal accumulation of gas or fluid .
A surgical procedure in which an organ is brought from its normal site to the surface of the body .
A surgical procedure in which selected nerve roots are cut at the point where they emerge from the spinal cord .
A surgical procedure in which the gall bladder is joined to the small intestine .
A surgical re - bore of an artery that has become obstructed by atheroma with or without a blood clot ( thrombus ) .
A surgical technique in which the hepatic portal vein is joined to the inferior vena cava .
A surgical technique in which the size of a hollow organ is reduced by taking tucks or folds in the walls .
A suspension of extremely small liquid or solid particles ( about 0,001 mm diameter ) in the air 
A sustained involuntary muscular contraction , which may occur either as part of a generalized disorder , such as a spastic paralysis , or as a local response to an otherwise unconnected painful condition .
A swelling , in the abdomen or elsewhere , caused by local muscular contraction or the accumulation of gases , that mimics a swelling caused by a tumour or other structural change .
A swelling , or the process by which a swelling arises in tissues , usually by the accumulation of blood or other fluid under pressure .
A swelling , or the process of becoming swollen , usually because of an accumulation of blood or other fluid within the tissue .
A swelling caused by an accumulation of pus in a part of the body .
A swelling caused by leakage of blood into a cavity , especially that of the membrane overlying the front and sides of the testis .
A swelling containing watery fluid ( serum ) and sometimes also blood ( blood blister ) or pus , within or just beneath the skin .
A swelling in the floor of the lateral ventricle of the brain .
A swelling of the joint between the great toe and the first metatarsal bone .
A swelling of the neck due to enlargement of the thyroid gland .
A swelling of the thyroid gland ( see goitre ) .
A swelling or an increase in the volume of an organ .
A swollen inflamed lymph node in the armpit or groin , commonly developing in venereal disease , bubonic plague , and leishmaniasis .
A swollen joint , usually the knee , caused by inflammation of the synovial membranes due to congenital syphilis .
A swollen sebaceous gland in the eyelid , caused by chronic inflammation following blockage of the gland 's duct .
A sympathomimetic drug that also stimulates the central nervous system .
A sympathomimetic drug that has a marked stimulant action on the central nervous system .
A sympathomimetic drug that suppresses the appetite and is used in the treatment of obesity .
A sympathomimetic drug used in solution or sprays for the relief of nasal symptoms such as congestion , inflammation , and sinusitis .
A sympathomimetic drug used to dilate the air passages in asthma and other bronchial conditions .
A sympathomimetic drug used to treat asthma and other allergic conditions , such as rhinitis , and added to cough mixtures .
A symptom indicating the onset of a disease .
A symptom of abdominal pain experienced by a man in relation to his wife 's giving birth .
A symptom of meningitis in which the hamstring muscles in the legs are so stiff that the patient is unable to extend his legs at the knee when the thighs are held at a right angle to the body .
A symptom of parkinsonism comprising a difficulty in initiating movements , slowness in executing movements , and an inability to make adjustment to the posture of the body .
A syndrome characterized by approximate answers , i . e . the patient gives grossly and absurdly false replies to questions , but the reply shows that the question has been understood .
A syndrome due to excessive secretion of parathyroid hormone ( hyperparathyroidism ) , characterized by loss of mineral from bones , which become weakened and fracture easily , and formation of kidney stones .
A syndrome due to inadequate secretion of corticosteroid hormones by the adrenal glands , sometimes as a result of tuberculous infection .
A syndrome in which haemangioblastomas , particularly in the cerebellum , are associated with renal and pancreatic cysts , angiomas in the retina , cancer of the kidney cells , and red birthmarks .
A syndrome occurring in people working under high pressure in diving bells or at great depths with breathing apparatus .
A syndrome of anxiety , agitation , and insomnia found in pilots flying unpressurized aircraft and attributed to anoxia .
A syndrome of dwarfism , mental retardation , and coarseness of the skin and facial features due to lack of thyroid hormone from birth ( congenital hypothyroidism ) .
A syndrome of mental retardation , restricted growth , and abnormalities due to a genetic defect that causes lack of response to the hormone secreted by the parathyroid glands .
A syndrome of motor abnormalities associated with an abnormal mental state .
A synpathomimetic drug that causes blood vessels to constrict and thus raises blood pressure .
A synthetic cleansing agent that removes all impurities from a surface by reacting with grease and suspended particles , including bacteria and other microorganisms .
A synthetic corticosteroid drug with effects and uses similar to those of prednisolone .
A synthetic corticosteroid hormone with uses similar to cortisone ; it reduces inflammation but does not cause salt and water retention .
A synthetic corticosteroid that inhibits the activity of the hormone aldosterone and is used to treat heart failure , high blood pressure , and fluid retention ( oedema ) .
A synthetic corticosteroid used to treat disorders of the adrenal glands .
A synthetic corticosteroid used to treat rheumatic diseases , severe allergic conditions , and leukaemia .
A synthetic corticosteroid used to treat rheumatic diseases and inflammatory and allergic conditions .
A synthetic female sex hormone ( see oestrogen ) administered by mouth to treat inflammation of the vagina , particularly after the menopause .
A synthetic female sex hormone ( see oestrogen ) administered by mouth to treat symptoms of the menopause , to suppress lactation , and to relieve symptoms in cancer of the breast or prostate .
A synthetic female sex hormone ( see oestrogen ) administered by mouth to treat symptoms of the menopause and menstrual disorders , to suppress lactation in mothers not breast - feeding , and to treat cancer of the prostate gland .
A synthetic female sex hormone ( see oestrogen ) used to inhibit lactation in mothers not breast feeding .
A synthetic female sex hormone ( see oestrogen ) used to treat symptoms of the menopause , menstrual disorders , inflammation of the female genital organs , and cancer of the breast and prostate .
A synthetic female sex hormone ( see progestogen ) administered by injection to prevent miscarriage and to treat menstrual disorders .
A synthetic female sex hormone ( see progestogen ) that is used in combination with an oestrogen in oral contraceptives .
A synthetic female sex hormone ( see progestogen ) that is used to treat menstrual disorders and in oral contraceptives .
A synthetic female sex hormone ( see progestogen ) used , often in combination with an oestrogen , to treat menstrual disorders , particularly amenorrhoea .
A synthetic female sex hormone ( see progestogen ) used in the treatment of abnormal bleeding from the womb and threatened abortion .
A synthetic female sex hormone ( see progestogen ) used mainly in oral contraceptives , together with an oestrogen .
A synthetic female sex hormone ( see progestogen ) used to treat amenorrhoea and disorders of the lining of the womb and formerly used in sequential oral contraceptives .
A synthetic female sex hormone ( see progestogen ) used to treat menstrual abnormalities ( such as dysmenorrhoea ) and infertility and to prevent miscarriage .
A synthetic female sex hormone ( see progrestogen ) administered by mouth to treat menstrual disorders , including amenorrhoea .
A synthetic female sex hormone that is one of the most commonly used oestrogens in oral contraceptive pills .
A synthetic hormone that has the same effects as gastrin in stimulating the secretion of gastric juice from the stomach .
A synthetic male sex hormone ( se androgen ) used in the treatment of breast cancer , often in conjunction with other drug treatment or surgery .
A synthetic male sex hormone ( see androgen ) administered by mouth to treat sexual underdevelopment in men .
A synthetic male sex hormone ( see androgen ) with the same actions and uses as methadienone .
A synthetic male sex hormone with anabolic activity , used to treat wasting disease , such as osteoporosis and anorexia , and breast cancer .
A synthetic male sex hormone with anabolic properties , used to build up tissues in wasting diseases , such as osteoporosis , and during convalescence .
A synthetic male sex hormone with body - building action .
A synthetic male sex hormone with body - building actions ( see anabolic ) .
A synthetic male sex hormone with body building action .
A synthetic male sex hormone with effects and uses similar to those of methandienone .
A synthetic narcotic analgesic drug , given by mouth or by injection to relieve pain or support anaesthesia .
A synthetic oestrogen administered by mouth to treat symptoms of the menopause , to suppress lactation in mothers not breast feeding , and to relieve symptoms in cancer of the prostate gland .
A synthetic penicillin : an antibiotic that is effective against a wide range of bacterial infections .
A synthetic sex hormone ( see progestogen ) that was formerly used in oral contraceptives as a sequential and progestogen pill .
A syringe is used to give injections , remove material from a part of the body , or to wash out a cavity , such as the outer ear .
A syrupy liquid medicine , particularly one used in the treatment of irritating coughs .
A syrupy solution of nitro - cellulose in a mixture of alcohol and ether .
A system of blood vessels effecting transport of blood between the heart and lungs .
A system of exercises based on the principle of isometric contraction of muscles .
A system of healing based on the theory that most diseases are caused by displacement of bones from their correct positions .
A system of medicine based on the belief that a great many diseases are attributable to displacement of ligaments , tendons , and other connective tissues and that cure can be brought about only by manipulation to correct these displacements .
A system of medicine based on the theory that " like cures like " .
A system of medicine that relies upon the use of only " natural " substances for the treatment of disease , rather than drugs .
A system of membranes present in the cytoplasm of cells .
A system of treating diseases by manipulation , mainly of the vertebrae of the backbone .
A systematic follow - up of a group of people for a defined period of time or until the occurrence of a specified event ( e . g . retirement or death ) in order to observe their pattern of disease and cause of death .
A tear , caused by injury to the eye , in the attachment of the iris to the ciliary body .
A tear in the flesh producing a wound with irregular edges .
A technique of behaviour modification in which a complex skill is taught by being broken down into its separate components , which are gradually built up into the full sequence .
A technique , relying upon the precipitin reaction , for identifying an unknown antigen or testing for an antibody in a serum .
A technique for bonding resin based restorative materials to the enamel of teeth .
A technique for examining the distribution of a radioactive tracer in the tissues of an experimental animal .
A technique for expelling the placenta from the womb .
A technique for exposing a patient to oxygen at high pressure .
A technique for identifying antigenic fractions in a serum .
A technique for measuring recording the heat produced by different parts of the body : by using photographic film sensitive to infrared radiation .
A technique for observing the amount and distribution of antibody or antigen in a tissue section .
A technique for preparing specimens for electron microscopy .
A technique for recording heart sounds and murmurs simultaneously with the ECG , which is used as a reference tracing .
A technique for recording the electrical activity of the heart .
A technique for treating haemolytic disease in newborn infants .
A technique in which a catheter is passed through a duodenoscope into the ampulla of Vater of the common bile duct and injected with a radio - opaque medium to outline the pancreatic duct and bile ducts radiologically .
A technique in which a hollow needle is inserted through the abdomen of a pregnant woman and fetal blood is withdrawn from a blood vessel on the placenta , close to the umbilical cord .
A technique of behaviour modification used in the teaching of complex skills or in encouraging rare forms of behaviour .
A technique of building up a three - dimensional picture of structures within the body using ultrasound waves .
A technique of chemical analysis that has recently been applied to the diagnosis of brain abnormalities , vascular disease , and cancer .
A technique of family psychotherapy , in which a family free and family history are constructed in view of the whole family to help them understand each other better .
A technique of family psychotherapy , in which all the family members are seen together and one member is asked to arrange the others ' physical positions to express their relationships and feelings .
A technique of removing stones from the kidney via endoscope passed into the kidney through a track from the skin surface previously established by the presence of a catheter .
A technique of removing waste materials or poisons from the blood using the principle of dialysis .
A technique used in behaviour modification , whereby an individual learns a behaviour by observing someone else doing it .
A technique used in behaviour modification to elicit a response not previously present .
A technique used in massage in which a part of the body is struck rapidly and repeatedly with the hands .
A technique used in surgery for the correction of a detached retina .
A technique used in the behaviour therapy of phobic states .
A technique used in the X - ray diagnosis of disease within the skull .
A technique used to assess the efficiency of ventilation of a lung or of a segment of the lung .
A technique used to evaluate activity of brain tissues by measuring the emission of radioactive particles from molecules of radiation labelled 2 - deoxyglucose .
A temperature in kelvins is equal to a Celsius temperature plus 273.15oC .
A temporary and constantly changing extension of the body of an amoeba or an amoeboid cell ( see phagocyte ) .
A temporary endocrine gland - the corpus luteum - develops in the ruptured follicle and secretes the hormone progesterone , which causes the lining of the womb to become thicker and richly supplied with blood in preparation for pregnancy .
A temporary eruption on the skin , usually typified by reddening - either discrete red spots or generalized reddening - and itching .
A temporary loss of reflex activity in the brainstem or spinal cord following destruction of the cerebral cortex .
A temporary red or pale raised area of the skin , often accompanied by severe itching .
A temporary swelling of the soft parts of the head of a newly born infant that occurs during birth , due to compression by the muscles of the neck of the womb .
A tendency to be affected by a particular disease or kind of disease .
A tendency to squint in which the eye , when covered , tends to turn inwards towards the nose .
A tendency to squint in which the eye , when covered , tends to turn outwards .
A tender inflamed area of the skin containing pus .
A tenotomy sometimes reduces the degree of disability .
A test for folic acid or vitamin B12 deficiency .
A test for susceptibility to scarlet fever .
A test for syphilis , in which antibodies specific to the disease are detected in a sample of the patient 's blood by means of a precipitin reaction .
A test for the presence of glycoproteins , polysaccharides , certain mucopolysaccharides , glycolipids , and certain fatty acids in tissue sections .
A test for the presence of protein ( albumin ) in the urine .
A test for the presence of sugar in urine or other liquids .
A test or trial to determine the strength of a solution , the proportion of a compound in a mixture , the potency of a drug , or the purity of a preparation .
A test to detect cancer of the neck or lining ( endometrium ) of the womb .
A test to determine whether a person is susceptible to diphtheria .
A test to determine whether deafness is conductive or perceptive .
A test to determine whether jaundice in a patient is due to haemolysis or to disease of the liver or bile duct .
A test to discover which , if any , of a number of possible substances is responsible for a patient 's allergy .
A test to measure aspects of personality , consisting of ten inkblots , half of which are in various colours and the other half in black and white .
A test used in the diagnosis of diabetes mellitus .
A test used to assess a patient 's capacity to absorb vitamin B12 from the bowel .
A test used to detect a suppressed strabismus ( squint ) in children .
A therapeutic enema is used to insert drugs into the rectum , usually corticosteroids in the treatment of proctocolitis .
A thermometer used to measure the cooling power of the air surrounding it , having its bulb covered with water - moistened material .
A thermoreceptor that responds to an increase in temperature of only two degrees is said to have a much lower threshold than one that will only respond to a change in temperature of ten degrees or more .
A thick - walled blood vessel that connects an arteriole directly with a venule , thus bypassing the capillaries .
A thick alkaline fluid that is secreted by the liver and stored in the gall bladder , from which it is ejected intermittently into the doudenum via the common bile duct .
A thick bundle of nerve fibres that conveys impulses from tracts in the spinal cord to the cortex of the anterior and posterior lobes of the cerebellum .
A thick muscle in the cheek extending from the zygomatic arch to the outer corner of the mandible .
A thick triangular muscle that covers the shoulder joints ( see illustration ) .
A thick yellowish or greenish liquid formed at the site of an established infection .
A thickened band of tissue that serves to hold various tissues in place .
A thin but strong fibrous sheet of tissue that replaces a tendon in muscle that are flat and sheetlike and have a wide area of attachment ( e . g . bones ) .
A thin film of fluid ( not cerebrospinal fluid ) separates the inner dura from the arachnoid .
A thin flexible tube of rubber or plastic , inserted through the mouth or nose of a patient and used for withdrawing fluid from the stomach or giving a test meal .
A thin gelatinous medicated disc used to apply drugs to the eye .
A thin layer , membrane , scale , or plate - like tissue or part .
A thin layer of grey matter covering the upper surface of the corpus callosum between the two cerebral hemispheres .
A thin layer of hard tissue on the surface of the root of a tooth .
A thin layer of skin , membrane , or any other substance .
A thin layer of tissue surrounding the whole or part of an organ or tissue lining a cavity , or separating adjacent structures or cavities .
A thin leaf - shaped flap of cartilage , covered with mucous membrane , situated immediately behind the root of the tongue .
A thin leaflike structure , such as any of the folds on the surface of the cerebellum .
A thin plate of bone that forms part of the nasal septum ( see nasal cavity ) .
A thin process projecting from a bone , e . g . the rami of the mandible .
A thin rod of pliable metal , such as silver , with a blunt swollen end .
A thin sheet made from moistened flour , formerly used to enclose a powdered medicine that is taken by mouth .
A thin vertical layer of grey matter in each cerebral hemisphere , between the surface of the insula and the lenticular nucleus ( see basal ganglia ) .
A thinwalled air - filled space within the lung , arising congenitally or in emphysema .
A third degree burn involves damage or destruction of the skin to its full depth and damage to the tissues beneath .
A third possible indicator is the change that occurs with ovulation in the stickiness of the mucus at the neck of the womb .
A threadlike keratinized out - growth of the epidermis of the skin .
A thyroid hormone used to reduce blood cholesterol levels in patients with normally working thyroid glands and also to treat hypothyroidism .
A tingling sensation in the hands and feet .
A tiny fibre occurring in bundles in the cyloplasm of cells that lie in contact between adjacent cells .
A tiny knife ( cystitome ) is inserted into the eye and a hole cut in the centre of the capsule , thus providing a clear path for light rays to reach the retina .
A tissue - grafting operation on the hymen at the entrance to the vagina in order to partially or completely close the vagina .
A tissue - grafting operation on the vagina .
A tissue - grafting operation to repair the area between the vulva and anus ( the perineum ) .
A tissue comprising the bulk of the body 's musculature .
A tissue consisting of cells of epithelial origin having a contractile cytoplasm .
A tissue graft taken from one part of the body and transferred to another part of the same individual .
A tissue grafting operation for repairing tears in the vagina and the area surrounding its opening ( perineum ) .
A tissue in the bone marrow in which the various classes of blood cells are produced .
A tissue responsible for the production of lymphocytes and antibodies .
A tissue whose cells have the ability to contract , producing movement or force ( see illustration ) .
A tooth - coloured filling material for anterior teeth .
A tooth fossa is a pit in the enamel on the surface of a tooth .
A toothlike process form the upper surface of the axis vertebra .
A total deficiency of the plasma protein gamma globulin .
A tough band of white fibrous connective tissue that links two bones together at a joint .
A tough kind of cartilage in which there are dense bundles of fibres in the matrix .
A tough whitish cord , consisting of numerous parallel bundles of collagen fibres , that serves to attach a muscle to a bone .
A toxic and irritant chemical , cantharidin causes blistering of the skin and was formerly used in veterinary medicine as a counter irritant and vesicant .
A toxic and irritating salt of antimony .
A toxin produced by tetanus bacilli in an infected wound , causing the local destruction of tissues .
A tracing of the wave form of an arterial pulse .
A tract of motor neurones that extends from the midbrain down to different levels in the spinal cord , carrying impulses that have travelled from the cerebral and cerebellar cortex via the nucleus ruber ( red nucleus ) .
A tract that conveys nerve impulses from the midbrain , across the midline as it descends , to the spinal cord in the cervical region .
A traditional Chinese system of healing in which symptoms are relieved by thin metal needles inserted into selected points beneath the skin .
A trained nurse with experience in midwifery and special training in preventive medicine ( including health education ) .
A tranquillized used to relieve anxiety and tension and to treat nausea and vomiting following anaesthesia .
A tranquillizer and sedative drug used to relieve anxiety , agitation , restlessness , and excitement , to induce sleep , and to prevent nausea and vomiting .
A tranquillizer used to relieve anxiety and tension in the treatment of schizophrenia and other psychiatric disorders .
A tranquillizer used to relieve moderate or severe anxiety and tension and to treat insomnia .
A tranquillizer with muscle relaxant and anticonvulsant properties , used to relieve anxiety and tension and in the treatment of epilepsy and muscular rheumatism .
A tranquillizing , sedative , and analgestic drug used to treat anxiety , tension , and agitation and to relieve moderate or severe pain .
A tranquillizing drug used in the treatment of mild anxiety and tension , including premenstrual tension .
A tranquillizing drug used to relieve anxiety , tension , and agitation .
A tranquillizing drug used to relieve anxiety and tension and for the treatment of alcoholism .
A transmission electron microscope is used to examine thin sections at high magnification .
A transparent container for keeping premature babies in controlled conditions and protecting them from infection .
A transparent yellowish liquid produced in a wound or other site of inflammation , in which connective tissue cells and blood vessels develop during healing .
A transverse section is a cut made at right angles to a structure 's long axis .
A treatment for severe depression and occasionally for schizophrenia and mania .
A treatment to drug that reduces or prevents fever .
A triangular depression on the inner side of the thigh bounded by the sartorius and adductos longus muscles and the inguinal ligament .
A triangular overgrowth of the cornea , usually the inner side , by thickened and degenerative conjunctiva .
A triangular region or tissue , such as the triangular region of the wall of the bladder that lies between the openings of two ureters and the urethra .
A tricyclic antidepressant drug administered by mouth or injection .
A tricyclic antidepressant drug that also possesses sedative properties .
A tricyclic antidepressant drug that has a mild tranquillizing action .
A tricyclic antidepressant drug used to relieve all types of depression .
A tricyclic antidepressant drug used to treat moderate or severe depression , especially in apathetic and withdraw patients .
A troipical disease caused by the parasitic protozoan Leishmania donovani .
A tropical disease , common in southern India , caused by a virus transmitted to man through the bite of the forest - dwelling tick Haemaphysalis spinigera .
A tropical disease , occurring principally in the Far East , caused by the presence of the fluke Paragonimus westermani in the lungs .
A tropical disease cause by blood flukes of the genus schistosoma .
A tropical disease caused by the parasitic nematode Dracunculus medinensis ( see guinea worm ) in the tissues beneath the skin .
A tropical disease of the skin and underlying connective tissue caused by the parasitic worm Onchocerca volvulus .
A tropical infectious disease caused by the presence of the spirochaete Treponema pertenue in the skin and its underlying tissue .
A tube carrying blood away from or towards the heart .
A tube conveying a body fluid , especially a blood vessel or a lymphatic vessel .
A tube for insertion into a narrow opening so that fluids may be introduced or removed .
A tubelike structure or channel , especially one for carrying glandular secretions .
A tuberculous infection of the skin - commonly the arm or hand - typified by warty lesions .
A tubular channel or passage ; e . g . the alimentary canal and the auditory canal of the ear .
A tubular instrument with a light source for observing the interior of the womb .
A tubular instrument with lenses and a light source , used for direct observation of the womb , ovaries , and Fallopian tubes ( culdoscopy ) .
A tumour - like lesion in the lungs resulting from cryptococcosis .
A tumour arising from remnants of the embryologic notochord .
A tumour arising from the fibrous coverings of the brain and spinal cord ( meninges ) .
A tumour composed of a number of tissue not usually found at that site .
A tumour containing gritty sandlike particles ( psammoma bodies ) .
A tumour derived from chondroblasts , having the appearance of a mass of well - differentiated cartilage .
A tumour od epithelium , the covering of internal and external surfaces of the body .
A tumour of muscular and fibrous material , usually occurring in the womb ( see fibroid ) .
A tumour of the argentaffin cells in the glands of the intestine .
A tumour of the brain or spinal cord arising in the blood vessels of the meninges or brain .
A tumour of the central nervous system derived from a type of glia ( the supporting tissue ) rather than from the nerve cells themselves .
A tumour of the epithelium lining the ciliary body of the eye .
A tumour of the epithelium making up the pleura , peritoneum , or pericardium .
A tumour of the ovary , composed of Sertoli cells , Leydig cells , or both .
A tumour probably derived from histiocytes that may occur in any part of the body .
A tumour that arises in association with myeloid leukaemia and consists essentially of a mass of leukaemic cells .
A tumour that contains macrophages or histiocytes , large cells with the ability to engulf foreign matter and bacteria .
A tumour that occurs in the rectum or caecum of the large intestine and is caused by the parasite .
A turning inside out of a hollow organ , such as the womb which sometimes occurs after childbirth .
A turning inwards of a hollow organ ( such as the womb ) on itself .
A turning or displacement of an organ , for example the womb ( uterine lateroversion ) to one side .
A turning outward ; in eversion of the cervix the edges of the neck of the womb turn outward after having been torn during childbirth .
A two - winged insect belonging to a large group called the Diptera .
A type of antibody , formed against an allergen , that has special affinity for cell membranes and remains fixed in various tissues .
A type of carcinoma of the squamous epidermal cells of the skin that does not spread to the basal layers .
A type of cartilage in which elastic fibres are distributed in the matrix .
A type of cell division in which a single cell produces two genetically identical daughter cells .
A type of cell division that produces four daughter cells , each having half the number of chromosomes of the original cell .
A type of cell found in the posterior lobe of the pituitary gland , similar in appearance to an astrocyte , with numerous fine branches that end in contact with the lining membrane of the blood channels in the gland .
A type of cell surrounding the smallest blood vessels ( terminal arterioles and venules and capillaries ) .
A type of cell that forms in the early stages of development of the nervous system , giving rise to astrocytes and oligodendrocytes .
A type of cell that lines the walls separating the air sacs ( see alveolus ) in the lungs .
A type of cell with numerous sheet - like processes extending from its cell body , found throughout the central nervous system .
A type of eczema affecting the sides and fronts of the palms and fingers , with a similar distribution on the feet .
A type of epithelium associated with organs of special sense .
A type of gene action in which one gene suppresses the action of another gene .
A type of hand instrument with spoon ends used for removing decayed dentine from teeth .
A type of injection to anaesthetize the inferior dental nerve .
A type of meningitis caused by the bacterium Neisseria meningitidis .
A type of muscular dystrophy in which the muscle weakness and wasting is accompanied by an unnatural prolongation of the muscular contraction after any voluntary effort ( see myotonia ) .
A type of nerone found in the cerebral cortex , with a pyramid - shaped cell body , a branched dendrite extending from the apex towards the brain surface , several dendrites extending horizontally from the base , and an axon running in the white matter of the hemisphere ( see illustration ) .
A type of porphyrin produced during the metabolism of haemoglobin .
A type of protozoan with one or more fine whiplike threads ( see flagellum ) projecting from its body surface , by means of which it is able to swim .
A type of ringworm of the scalp , caused by the fungus Trichophyton schoenleini .
A type of RNA that carries the information of the genetic code of the DNA from the cell nucleus to the ribosomes , where the code is translated into protein .
A type of RNA whose function is to attach the correct amino acid to the protein chain being synthesized at a ribosome .
A type of skin graft in which thin partial thicknesses of skin are cut in narrow strips and placed onto the wound area to be healed .
A type of squint ( see strabismus ) in which the eye , when covered , tends to rotate slightly clockwise or anticlockwise .
A type of surgical instrument ( an endoscope ) used in resection of the prostate or in the removal of bladder tumours .
A type of tumour induced by the presence in the tissues of paraffin wax , formerly used in cosmetic surgery to increase the size of the female breasts .
A type of worm that possesses suckers at both ends of its body .
A unit of exposure dose of X - or gamma - radiation equal to the dose that will produce 2.58 x 104 coulomb on all the ions of one sign , when all the electrons released in a volume of air of mass 1 kilogram are completely stopped .
A unit of force equal to the force required to impart to a mass of 1 gram an acceleration of 1 centimetre per second . 1 dyne = 10 - 5 newton .
A unit of heat equal to 100,000 Britist thermal units , 1 therm = 1.055 x 108 joules 
A unit of heat equal to the amount of heat required to raise the temperature of 1 gram of water from 14.5oC to 15.5oC ( the 15o calorie ) .
A unit of heat equal to the quantity of heat required to raise the temperature of 1 pound of water by 1o Fahrenheit .
A unit of magnetic flux density equal to 1 maxwell per square centimetre . 1 gauss = 10 - 4 tesla .
A unit of magnetic flux equal to a flux of 1 gauss per square centimetre .
A unit of mass equal to 1 / 7000 of a pound ( avoirdupois ) . 1 grain = 0.0648 gram .
A unit of mass equal to one thousandth of a kiligram .
A unit of osmotic pressure equal to the molecular weight of a solute in grams divided by the number of irons or other particles into which it dissociates in solution .
A unit of pressure equal to a millimetre of mercury . 1 mmHg = 133.3224 pascals .
A unit of volume equal to the volume occupied by 1 kilogram of pure water at 4oC and 760 mm Hg pressure .
A unit of volume used in pharmacy , equivalent to one sixtieth part of a fluid drachm .
A unit of volume used in pharmacy . 1 fluid drachm = 3.696ml ( 1 / 8 fluid ounce ) .
A unit of weight used in pharmacy . 1 scruple = 1.295 g ( 20 grains ) . 3 scruple = 1 drachm .
A unit of work or energy equal to the work done when the point of application of a force of 1 dyne is displaced through a distance of 1 centimetre in the direction of the force . 1 erg = 107 joule .
A uricosuric drug given by mouth for the treatment of chronic gout .
A uricosuric drug used to treat gout and other conditions involving high blood levels of uric acid .
A vaccine against poliomyelitis , formed by treating the virus with formalin , which prevents it from causing disease but does not impair its ability to stimulate antibody production .
A vaccine is usually given by injection but may be introduced into the skin through light scratches ; for some disease , oral vaccines are available .
A vaccine prepared by isolating specimens of bacteria from an infected patient , culturing them , and killing them .
A vaccinia reaction is one of the possible results of vaccination against smallpox in individuals who already have partial immunity .
A vaginal douche is extremely unreliable as a method of contraception .
A vaginal tampon is commonly used by women to absorb the menstrual flow .
A valve at the junction of the small and large intestines consisting of two membranous folds that close to prevent the backflow of food from the colon and caecum to the ileum .
A valve in the heart , lying between the left ventricle and the aorta .
A valve in the heart consisting of two flaps ( cusps ) attached to the walls at the opening between the left atrium and left ventricle .
A variety of clamps have been designed for specific surgical procedures .
A variety of granulocyte ( a type of white blood cell ) distinguished by a lobed nucleus and the presence in its cytoplasm of fine granules that stain purple with Romanowsky stains .
A variety of leukaemia in which the type of blood cell that proliferates abnormally originates in the blood - forming ( myeloid ) tissue of the bone marrow .
A variety of side - effects may occur with sulphonamide treatment , including nausea , vomiting , headache , and loss of appetite .
A variety of surgical procedures have been devised but with little success .
A variety of white blood cell ( leucocyte ) , present also in the lymph nodes , spleen , thymus gland , gut wall , and bone marrow .
A variety of white blood cell , 16 - 20 m in diammeter , with a kidney - shaped nucleus and greyish - blue cytoplasm ( when treated with Romanowsky stains ) .
A variety of white blood cell distinguished by the presence in its cytoplasm of coarse granules that stain orange - red with Romanowsky stains .
A variety of white blood cell distinguished by the presence in its cytoplasm of coarse granules that stain purple - back with Romanowsky stains .
A vasoconstrictor is often added to local anaesthetic solutions used in dentistry to prolong their effectiveness .
A vasodilator drug , given by mouth for the treatment of peripheral vascular disorders , such as Raynaud 's diseases .
A vasodilator drug used to improve circulation in cerebro - vascular disease and other conditions in which blood flow is reduced .
A vein carrying oxygenated blood from the lung to the left atrium .
A vein or group of veins that terminates at both ends in a capillary bed .
A venereal disease , caused by the bacterium Neisseria gonorrhoeae , that affects the genital mucous membranes of either sex .
A venereal disease caused by the bacterium Haemophilus ducreyi , resulting in enlargement and ulceration of lymph nodes in the goin .
A venereal disease that is caused by a virus and is most common in tropical regions .
A ventricular aneurysm may develop in the wall of the left ventricle after myocardial infarction .
A vertical fold of skin from the upper eyelid that covers the inner corner of the eye .
A vertical outgrowth of bone from a vertebra , seen in ankylosing spondylitis , Reiter 's syndrome , and psoriatic arthritis .
A very fine threadlike structure , such as a chain of bacterial cells .
A very large group of bacteria with rigid cell walls and typically flagella for movement .
A very rare condition in which all the signs of old age appear and progress in a child , so that " senility " is reached before puberty .
A very rare condition in which there is an extra row of eyelashes behind the normal ones .
A very rare symptom of mental disorder in which an individual believes that he can change into a wolf .
A very slight degree of doubling , which does not disappear when one eye is covered , may be experienced by introspective people .
A very small blister in the skin , often no bigger than a pinpoint , that contains a clear fluid ( serum ) .
A very small fibre or a constituent thread of a fibre ( for example , a myofibril of a muscle fibre ) .
A vibrating tuning fork is held first in the air , close to the ear , and then with its base placed on the bone ( mastoid process ) behind the ear .
A vibration felt on placing the hand on the body .
A vibrator may also be used to loosen thick mucus in the sinuses or air passages .
A view of the skull from one of several positions , from which it can be described or measured .
A violent involuntary movement usually restricted to one arm and primarily involving the proximal muscles .
A viral disease characterized by loss of the cell mediated immune response due to decreased numbers of certain T - lymphocytes .
A viral disease transmitted to man by the bite of the sandfly Phlebotomus pappatasii .
A viral disease transmitted to man principally by the mosquito Aedes aegypti .
A viral infectious disease of sudden onset that causes fever , blisters , and ulceration of the soft palate and tonsillar area .
A virus disease of East Africa transmitted from animals to man by mosquitoes and causing symptoms resembling those of influenza .
A virus disease of vervet ( green ) monkeys transmitted to man by contact ( usually in laboratories ) with blood or tissues from an infected animal .
A virus infection of cows ' udders , transmitted to man by direct contact , causing very mild symptoms similar to smallpox .
A virus infection of sheep and goats than can be transmitted to man , causing a mild skin eruption on the fingers , hands , and forearms .
A virus infection of the brain , causing particular damage to the grey matter of the cerebral hemispheres and the brainstem .
A virus that attacks bacteria . In general , a phage consists of a head , tail , and tail fibres , all composed of protein molecules , and a core of DNA .
A viscous fluid secreted by mucous membranes in many parts of the body , including the mouth , bronchial passages , and gut .
A vitamin B . Nicotinic acid is a derivative of pyridine and is interchangeable with its amide , nicotinamide .
A vitamin B : the amide of nicotinic acid .
A vitamin B that is a consituent of coenzyme A .
A vitamin B that is important in the synthesis of nucleic acids .
A vitamin of the B complex from which the coenzyme pyridoxal phosphate , involved in the transamination of amino acids , is formed .
A vitamin of the B complex that is a constituent of the coenzymes FAD ( flavine adenine dinucleotide ) and FMN ( flavine mononucleotide ) .
A vitamin of the B complex that is active in the form of thiamin pyrophosphate , a coenzyme in decarboxylation reactions in carbohydrate metabolism .
A vitamin of the B complex that is essential for the metabolism of fat , being involved in fatty acid synthesis and gluconeogenesis .
A vivid psychic experience in which immediately contemporary events seem to be a repetition of previous happenings .
A volatile liquid formerly used as an anaesthetic administered by inhalation , though now largely replaced by safer and more efficient drugs .
A volatile liquid formerly widely used as a general anaesthetic .
A volatile oil derived from an aromatic plant .
A volatile oil that has a mild irritant effect on the mucous membranes of the mouth and digestive system .
A voluntary agency of self help that is organized and operated locally among those with alcoholic dependency and has national and international support .
A volvulus may untwist spontaneously or by mainpulation , but surgical exploration is usually performed .
A wart occurring in the skin on the sole of the foot , usually at the base of the toes .
A water - soluble dye that glows with a brilliant green colour when light is shone on it .
A water - soluble vitamin that is essential in maintaining healthy connective tissue and the integrity of cell walls .
A watery material oozing from wounds or ulcers .
A wave of contraction in the alimentary canal that passes in an oral ( i . e . upward or backwards ) direction ( compare peristalsis ) .
A wave of peristalsis produced in the colon by introducing foot into a fasting stomach .
A wavelike movement that progresses along some of the hollow tubes of the body .
A waxlike substance , consisting mainly of fatty acids , into which the soft tissues of the body can be converted after death .
A way of measuring aspects of personality , in which the subject is asked to talk freely about ambiguous objects .
A weak antacid used to relieve indigestion and also pain due to stomach and duodenal ulcers .
A weak electrostatic bond formed by linking a hydrogen atom between two eletronegative atoms ( e . g . nitrogen or oxygen ) .
A weak sedative and hypnotic , given by mouth and used in the treatment of mild insomnia .
A wedge - shaped area of cerebral cortex that forms the inner surface of the occipital lobe .
A wetting agent : a substance , such as a detergent , that reduces surface tension .
A white blister caused by sweat collecting in the sweat ducts or in the layers of the skin .
A white clay that contains aluminium and silicon and is purified and powdered for use as an absorbent .
A white crystal - line polymer of formaldehyde , used as a disinfectant fumigant and in the treatment of certain skin disorders .
A white crystalline powder derived from morphine but with a shorter duration of action .
A white nodule in the skin , particularly on the face .
A white ring forms at the junction of the liquids if albumin is present .
A whitish or yellowish discharge of mucus from the vaginal opening .
A wide bone forming the upper part of each side of the hip bone ( see also pelvis ) .
A wide variety of treatments , usually based on anti - inflammatory analgesics , provide relief of symptoms .
A widely distributed cell in connective tissue that is responsible for the production of both the ground substance and of the precursors of collagen , elastic fibres , and reticular fibres .
A widely used drug that relieves pain and also reduces inflammation and fever .
A widely used local anaesthetic administered by injection for minor surgery and dental procedures .
A widespread infectious virus disease causing inflammation of the mucous membranes of the nose , throat , and bronchial tubes .
A wire or rod within a cannula or hollow needle for piercing tissues or fitting aspirating needles .
A wire placed in the lumen of a catheter to give it rigidity while the instrument is passed along a body canal ( such as the urethra ) .
A woman experiencing her first pregnancy .
A woman who has been pregnant at least eight times and has given birth to an infant capable of survival after each of eight pregnancies .
A woman who has been pregnant at least four times and who has given birth to an infant capable of survival after each of four pregnancies .
A woman who has been pregnant at least nine times and has given birth to an infant capable of survival after each of nine pregnancies .
A woman who has been pregnant at least six times and who has given birth to an infant capable of survival after of six pregnancies .
A woman who has been pregnant at least ten times and has given birth to a child capable of survival after each of ten pregnancies .
A woman who has been pregnant at least three times and who has given birth to an infant capable of survival after each of three pregnancies .
A woman who has been pregnant at least twice .
A woman who has been pregnant at least twice and who has given birth to an infant capable of survival after each of two pregnancies .
A woman who has been pregnant eight times .
A woman who has been pregnant nine times .
A woman who has been pregnant six times .
A woman who has been pregnant ten times .
A woman who has been pregnant three times .
A woman who has been pregnant twice and has given birth to a living child at the end of each pregnancy .
A woman who has given birth to a live child after each of at least two pregnancies .
A woman who has given birth to one infant capable of survival .
A woman who has never given birth to an infant capable of survival .
A woman who has recently given birth and whose womb has not yet returned to its normal nonpregnant dimensions .
A wound made accidentally or deliberately by a sharp object or instrument .
A writhing involuntary movement especially affecting the hands , face , and tongue .
A written direction from a registered medical practitioner to a pharmacist for preparing and dispensing a drug .
A yellow crystalline solid used as a dye as a tissue fixative .
A yellow metallic element , absorption of which causes bone damage when its atoms displace calcium in bone .
A yellow or orange plant pigment - one of the carotenoids - that occurs in three forms : alpha ( ) , beta ( ) , and gamma ( ) .
A yellowing of the skin or whites of the eyes , indicating excess bilirubin ( a bile pigment ) in the blood .
A yellowish swelling , nodule , or plaque in the skin resulting from deposits of flat .
A zone of tissue with impaired function as a result of damage by disease or wounding .
Abnorm reaction to a particular antigen , in which histamine is released from tissues and causes either local or widespread symptoms .
Abnormal and severe reaction of the skin to sunlight .
Abnormal brittleness or fragility , for example of the hair ( fragilitas crinium ) or the bone ( fragilitas ossium ; see osteogenesis imperfecta .
Abnormal bulging of the cornea or sclera ( white ) of the eye .
Abnormal coloration of a tissue produced by a particular stain .
Abnormal coloured vision : a rare symptom of various conditions .
Abnormal curvature of the spine both forwards and side - ways , kyphosis combined with scoliosis .
Abnormal descent of a kidney into the pelvis on standing , which may occur if it is excessively mobile ( for example , in thin women ) .
Abnormal development affecting connective tissue .
Abnormal development of skin , bone , or other tissues .
Abnormal dryness of the conjunctiva , the skin , or the mucous membranes .
Abnormal ejaculation into the bladder on orgasm ( retrograde ejaculation ) may occur after protatectomy or other surgical procedures or in neurological conditions that destroy the ability of the bladder neck to close on ejaculation .
Abnormal enlargement of the fingers and toes , occurring either as a congenital abnormality or as part of an acquired disease ( such as acromegaly ) .
Abnormal fission of the fifth lumbar vertebra with the sacrum .
Abnormal flushing of the skin caused by dilation of the blood capillaries .
Abnormal growth causing excessive height , most commonly due to oversecretion during childhood of growth hormone ( somatotrophin ) by the pituitary gland .
Abnormal hardening of a tissue or organ .
Abnormal hunger or an excessive desire for food .
Abnormal incurving of the leg , resulting in excessive separation of the feet when the knees are in contact .
Abnormal incurving of the legs , resulting in a gap between the feet when the knees are in contact .
Abnormal largeness of the head in relation to the rest of the body .
Abnormal location of any part of the body .
Abnormal loss of blood in the womb , resulting from disease .
Abnormal out - curving of the legs resulting in a gap between the knees on standing .
Abnormal outward curving of the legs , resulting in separation of the knees .
Abnormal overgrowth , usually malignant , of any of the cells of the lymphatic glands or the immune system .
Abnormal paleness of the skin , due to reduced blood flow or lack of normal pigments .
Abnormal patterns of urinary indole excretion are found in some mentally retarded patients .
Abnormal pressure on a part of the body ; for example , as caused by the presence of excessive fluid between the pericardium ( sac surrounding the heart ) and the heart .
Abnormal reddening , flaking , and thickening of the skin , typically affecting a wide area of the body .
Abnormal rhythmical variations in the size of the pupils , independent of the intensity of the light falling on the eyes .
Abnormal smallness of the head in relation to the size of the rest of the body .
Abnormal smallness or shortness of the fingers .
Abnormal softening of a part , organ , or tissue , such as bone ( see osteomalacia ) .
Abnormal transmission of the patient 's voice sounds through the chest wall so that they can be clearly heard through a stethoscope .
Abnormal twisting of a testis within the scrotum or of a loop of bowel in the abdomen may impair blood and nerve supplies to these parts and cause severe damage .
Abnormal twitching or tremor of muscles , such as may occur in feverish conditions .
Abnormalities of behaviour may be only sign at first but the condition progresses to psychotic manifestations , such as stereotypies and hallucinations , and ultimately to dementia .
Abnormalities of liver and bone marrow may occur with long - term treatment .
Abnormalities of perception include hallucinations , illusions , and agnosia .
Abnormality of the outlet of the pelvis may be an indication for Caesarean section .
Abnormally acute hearing or painful sensitivity to sounds .
Abnormally copious bleeding in the womb .
Abnormally copious milk secretion , secretion of milk after breast feeding has been stopped .
Abnormally heavy bleeding at menstruation , which may or may not be associated with abnormally long periods .
Abnormally high concentrations of urates in urine occur in gout .
Abnormally intense thirst , leading to the drinking of large qualities of fluid .
Abnormally large size of one or more of the fingers or toes .
Abnormally large size of the arms or legs .
Abnormally long and slender fingers , usually associated with excessive height and congenital defects of the heart and eyes in Marfan 's syndrome .
Abnormally reduced blood pressure in the absence of organic disease ( see hypotension ) .
Abnormally short stature from any cause .
Abnormally small size of the arms or legs .
Abortion may be spontaneous or it may be induced for medical or social reasons ( termination of pregnancy ) .
About 15 % of such tumours affect both ovaries , outside the ovary they have been recorded in the anterior mediastinum and near the pineal gland .
About 30 alveoli open out of each alveolar duct , which leads from a respiratory bronchiole .
About one - third of women fitted with an IUD find the side - effects ( heavy menstrual bleeding or back pain ) unacceptable , but most have no complaints .
Above the knee joint it divides into two main branches , the tibial and common peroneal nerves , which are distributed to the muscles and skin of the lower leg .
Abrupt involuntary lowering of the diaphragm and closure of the sound - producing folds at the upper end of the trachea , producing a characteristic sound as the breath is drawn in .
Absence of blood flow when the internal symptoms of menstruation are present .
Absence of hair from areas where it normally grows .
Absence of half of the normal field of vision .
Absence of half of the skull in a developing fetus .
Absence of hydrochloric acid in the stomach .
Absence of or lack of function of the thyroid gland , causing cretinism in infancy and myxoedema in adults life .
Absence of or loss of the voice through disease of the larynx or mouth .
Absence of or reduction in the size of the eyelids .
Absence of respect for laws and established customs , which is a feature of psychopathy .
Absence of the ability to recognize the sensations of heat and coldness .
Absence of the arching of the foot , so that the sole lies flat upon the ground .
Absence of the bile pigments from the urine , which occurs in some forms of jaundice ( acholuric jaundice ) .
Absence of the lens of the eye , the state of the eye after a cataract has been removed .
Absence of the teeth because they have failed to develop .
Absence or abnormally low production of milk in a woman who has just given birth .
Absence or deficiency of bile secretion or failure of the bile to enter the alimentary canal ( for example , because of an obstructed bile duct ) .
Absence or deficiency of the enzyme lactase , which is essential for the digestion of milk sugar ( lactose ) .
Absence or loss of one quarter of the visual field ( i . e . upper nasal ( inner ) , upper temporal ( outer ) , lower nasal ( inner ) , or lower temporal ( outer ) .
Accessible bleeding telangiectases ( e . g . in the nose ) may be obliterated by cauterization .
Accessory or secondary , a branch ( e . g . of a nerve fibre ) that is at right angles to the main part .
Accident surgery : the branch of surgery that deals with wounds and disabilities arising from injuries .
Accidental reduction of body temperature below the normal range in the absence of protective reflex actions , such as shivering .
According to psychoanalysts , people and objects in dreams can be surrogates for important individuals in a person 's life .
According to this theory , a symptom ( such as difficulty in swallowing ) might be a symbolic representation of an unconscious idea ( such as a fantasy of oral intercourse ) .
Accummulation of a clear serous fluid within the membranous sac surrounding the heart .
Accumulation of fluid or blood in a dependent part of the body , under the influence of gravity , in cases of poor circulation .
Accumulation of homogentisic acid causes dark brown discoloration of the skin and eyes ( ochronosis ) and progressive damage to the joints , especially of the spine .
Accumulation of menstrual blood in the womb .
Accumulation of urea in the bloodstream together with other nitrogenous compounds is due to kidney failure and gives rise to uraemia .
Acetone is a volatile liquid that is miscible with both fats and water and therefore of great value as a solvent .
Aching pain arising from the tarsus in the foot .
Aching pain in the metatarsal bones of the foot .
Achlorhydria that persists despite large doses of histamine is associated with atrophy of the lining of the stomach .
Acid formed by bacterial breakdown of sugar in the diet gradually etches and decomposes the enamel of the tooth .
Acid fuchsin ( acid magenta ) is a mixture of sulphonated fuchsins , basic fuchsin ( basic magenta ) and new ( trimethyl ) fuchsin are basic histological dyes ( basic fuchsin is also an antifungal agent ) .
Acid phosphatase is present in kidney , semen , serum , and the prostate gland .
Acne vulgaris occurs mainly on the face , chest , and back .
Aconite was formerly used to prepare liniments for muscular pains and a tincture for toothache , but is regarded as too toxic for use today .
Acquired cases occur when the cones ( light - sensitive cells ) at the back of the retina are selectively destroyed by disease .
ACTH controls the secretion of corticosteroid hormones from the adrenal gland .
Acting in the same way as another person , either temporarily or permanently .
Acting out another person 's expected behaviour , usually in a contrived situation , in order to understand them better .
Actinic keratosis is a well - defined red or skin - coloured warty growth , usually occurring in middle or old age , caused by overexposure to the sun .
Actinomycin D may cause nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , blood disorders , and bone marrow damage .
Active immunity arises when the body 's own cells produce , and remain able to produce , appropriate antibodies following an attack of a disease or deliberate stimulation ( see immunization ) .
Activity can be agitated and restless or slow and retarded .
Activity of the sympathetic nervous system causes the muscles to contract , raising the hairs and giving the " gooseflesh " effect of fear or cold .
Activity varies with age : the glands are most active at puberty .
Actual vomiting often occurs subsequently .
Acupuncture is widely used in the Far East for the relief of pain and in China itself has become an alternative to anaesthesia for some major operations .
Acupuncturists in the West may be medically qualified but many are not .
Acute appendicitis , which has become common this century , usually affects young people .
Acute bronchitis is caused by viruses or bacteria and is characterized by coughing , the production of mucopurulent sputum , and narrowing of the bronchi due to spasmodic contraction ( see bronchospasm ) .
Acute cholecystitis is due to bacterial infection , causing fever and acute pain over the gall bladder .
Acute gastritis is caused by ingesting excess alcohol or other irritating or corrosive substances and causes vomiting .
Acute generalized tuberculosis characterized by lesions in affected organs , which resemble millet seeds .
Acute idiopathic thrombocytopenic purpura is a disease of children in which antibodies are produced that destroy the patient 's platelets .
Acute inflammation is the immediate defensive reaction of tissue to any injury , which may be caused by infection , chemicals , or physical agents .
Acute inflammation of a gland at the base of an eyelash , caused by bacterial infection .
Acute lead poisoning , which may follow inhalation of lead fumes or dust , causes abdominal pains , vomiting , and diarrhea , with paralysis and convulsions and sometimes encephalitis .
Acute obstruction of a kidney causing severe pain in the loins .
Acute or chronic inflammation of the heart muscle .
Acute or chronic inflammation of the mebranous sac ( pericardium ) surrounding the heart .
Acute painful gingivitis with ulceration , in which the tissues of the gums are rapidly destroyed .
Acute pancreatitis is a sudden illness in which the patient experiences severe pain in upper abdomen and back , with shock .
Acute paronychia is the result of bacterial infection .
Acute pericarditis is characterized by fever , chest pain , and a pericardial friction rub .
Acute periostitis results from direct injury to the bone and is associated with a haematoma , which may later become infected .
Acute poisoning , from swallowing more than 20g , produces nervous irritability , muscle twitching , convulsions , and coma , but only a few fatalities have been reported .
Acute poisoning causes vomiting , severe abmominal pains , bloody diarrhoea , and kidney damage , with failure to produce urine .
Acute thyroiditis is due to bacterial infection .
Addiction to drugs of the barbiturate group .
Additional intestinal symptoms are diarrhoea , dysentery , enlargement of the spleen and liver , and cirrhosis of the liver .
Additional side - effects include alopecia and peripheral neuropathy .
Adenine always pairs with thymine and cytosine with guanine .
Adenomas may become malignant ( see adenocarcinoma ) .
Adhesion between loops of intestine may occur following abdominal surgery , possibly obstructing the alimentary canal .
Adhesive tape used in shaped pieces or as a bandage to keep a dressing in place .
Adipocere delays post - mortem decomposition and is a spontaneous form of preservation without muminification .
Adjustment of the shape of the lens to change the focus of the eye .
Administered by any way other than through the mouth : applied , for example , to the introduction of drugs or other agents into the body by injection .
Administered by injection or in suppositorie , it may cause nausea , vomiting , dizzness , and fast heart rate .
Administered by mouth or by injection , it is used to reverse the biological effects of methotrexate and so to prevent excessive toxicity .
Administered by mouth or intravenously , it is useful in patient whose immune systems are disturbed and also possibly in the treatment of genital herpes and herpes encephalitis .
Administered intravenously , it is important in the treatment of testicular and ovatian tumours .
Administration is based on a system of delegation downwards and accountability upwards through a hierarchy of 15 regions , each subdivided into a number of districts .
Administration naturally also impairs other immunity mechanisms , making infection a serious hazard .
Administration of a controlled electric shock to restore normal heart rhythm in cases of cardiac arrest due to ventricular fibrillation .
Administration of sulphonamides or streptomycin is usually effective .
Adoption of this as a consistent style is usually a matter of voluntary choice or is hysterical ; very occasionally it follows brain damage .
ADP occurs in cells and is involved in processes requiring the transfer of energy ( see ATP ) .
Adrenaline and noradrenaline are released from the granules when the adrenal gland is stimulated by its sympathetic nerve supply .
Adrenaline given by injection is valuable for the relief of bronchial asthma , because it relaxes constricted airways .
Adrenolytic activity is opposite to that of adrenaline .
Adult D . repleta sometimes feed on faecal matter and may transmit disease organisms .
Adult fleas are temporary parasites on births and mammals and those species that attack man ( Pulex , Xenopsylla , and Nosopsyllus ) may be important in the transmission of various diseases .
Adult flukes , which have suckers for attachment to their host , are parasites of man , occurring in the liver ( liver flukes , see Fasciola ) , lungs ( see Paragonimus ) , gut ( see Heterophyes ) , and blood vessels ( blood flukes ; see Schistosoma ) and often cause serious disease .
Adult flukes eventually settle in the blood vessels of the intestine ( S . mansoni and S . japonicum ) or bladder ( S . haematobium ) .
Adult flukes of M . yokogawai occasionally infect the duodenum of man if undercooked fish ( the intermediate host ) is eaten .
Adult flukes of the species H . heterophyes live in the small intestine of man and other fish - eating animals .
Adult sandflies rarely exceed 3 mm in length and have long slender legs .
Adult worms are commonly found in the intestines of tigers , leopards , and dogs .
Adult worms burrow into the intestinal wall and may cause ulceration , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , nausea , anaemia , and weakness .
Adult worms in the intestine can cause abdominal pain , vomiting , constipation , diarrhoea , appendicitis , and peritonitis .
Adults are found in the intestines of dogs , wolves , or jackals .
Adults with such beliefs can seldom be persuaded to change them .
Advances in cardiac surgery have enabled remedial operations or even total correction to be performed , usually in the first few days or weeks of life .
Advice and practical help with problems due to social circumstances .
Advice and treatment are provided for those who do not require the expertise of a consultant or other specialist services of hospitals ( secondary medical care ) .
Aedes species are not only important as vectors of dengue , yellow fever , filariasis , and Group B viruses causing encephalitis but also constitute a serious biting nuisance .
Affected bones appear unusually opaque to X - rays .
Affected bones become thickened and their structure disorganized : X - rays reveal patchy sclerosis .
Affected children fail to thrive , and show signs of mental retardation .
Affected invididuals are apparently male , but are tall and thin , with small testes , failure of normal sperm production ( azoospermia ) , enlargement of the breasts ( gynaecomastia ) , and absence of facial and body hair .
Affected women are infertile : they have female external genitalia but no ovaries and therefore no menstrual periods ( see amenorrhoea ) .
Affecting or peculiar to the ventricles of the heart .
Affecting the contraction of heart muscle .
Affecting the diameter of blood vessels , especially arteries .
After - pains can be relieved by the use of such drugs as aspirin .
After a long incubation period ( up to several years ) , the patient suffers fever , weight loss , and enlargement of the lymph nodes , eventually succumbing to life - threatening infections ( e . g . a severe pneumonia caused by the normally harmless protozoan Pneumocystis carinii ) or cancers , particularly Kaposi 's sarcoma .
After a meal . especially one rich in carbohydrate , the patient feels faint and weak and may sweat and become pale .
After a period of several months or even years , the parasites invade the minute blood vessels supplying the central nervous system .
After a psychological shock the affected individual becomes very anxious and very suggestible and shows excessive obedience and pathological imitation of the actions of another person ( echopraxia ) .
After an incubation period of 1 - 10 days , symptoms , including diarrhoea , mild fever , and a pink rash on the chest , appear and last for about a week .
After an incubation period of 1 - 30 years , symptoms develop gradually and mainly involve the skin and nerve .
After an incubation period of 1 - 5 days symptoms commence suddenly .
After an incubation period of 11 - 18 days , a mild fever develops , followed within 24 hours by an itchy rash of dark red pimples .
After an incubation period of 15 - 40 days , the patient develops fever and sickness .
After an incubation period of 2 - 3 weeks a headache , sore throat , and slight fever develop , followed by swelling and soreness of the neck and the eruption of a rash of minute pink spots , spreading from the face and the neck to the rest of the body .
After an incubation period of 2 - 6 days a sore throat , weakness , and mild fever develop .
After an incubation period of 3 - 21 days , headache , high fever , and severe muscular pains develop ; difficulty in swallowing often arises .
After an incubation period of 3 - 5 days , symptoms appear suddenly , including severe headache , fever , stiffness of the neck muscles , and a rash of small red spots on the trunk .
After an incubation period of 8 - 15 days , symptoms resembling those of a cold develop accompanied by a high fever .
After an incubation period of up to seven weeks , symptoms commence with swelling and tenderness of the lymph nodes , fever , headache , a sore throat , and loss of appetite .
After an incubation period symptoms appear , usually consisting of either localized inflammation and pain or more remote effects .
After an incubation period varying from 12 days ( P . falciparum ) to 10 months ( some varieties of P . vivax ) , parasites return to the bloodstream and invade the red blood cells .
After an incubation period of 1 - 2 weeks catarrh , mild fever , coughing , and loss of appetite gradually develop and persists for 1 - 2 weeks .
After bed rest and aspirin most patients recover , but a secondary infection of the lungs is a common serious complication .
After care includes the provision of special aids and the adaptation of homes to improve daily living .
After gastrectomy capacity for food is reduced , sometimes leading to weight loss .
After months , or even years , the disease enters its tertiary stage with widespread formation of tumour - like masses ( gummas ) .
After ovulation a corpus luteum forms at the site of the ruptured follicle and secretes progesterone .
After registration , doctors continuing in hospital service are appointed successively senior house officer , registrar , and senior registrar ( all full - time training grades with increasing responsibilities ) .
After relaying a nerve impulse , acetylcholine is rapidly broken down by the enzyme cholinesterase .
After removal from the mouth a plaster model is made : on this are constructed restorations of teeth , dentures , or orthodontic appliances .
After the fifth month of pregnancy they enter the early stages of the first meiotic division to form oocytes .
After the injection of the tracer insulin , samples of the patient 's blood are analyzed by electrophoresis or chromatography , and the antibody components of the blood are tested for the presence of radioactivity .
After they have been absorbed from the intestine they are transported to the liver for reuse .
After tooth extraction it is largely absorbed .
After total or subtotal pancreatectomy it is necessary to administer pancreatic enzymes with food to aid its digestion and insulin injections to replace that normally secreted by the gland .
After two days the rabbit is killed and its ovaries examined .
Agglutination is a specific reaction in the laboratory , sera containing different known agglutinins provide an invaluable means of identifying unknown bacteria .
Aggregations of tissue constitute organs .
Agreed simplified groupings exist , and some rubrics are subdivided by the use of a fourth digit .
AIDS is most prevalent among male homosexuals , haemophiliacs who have received transfusions of infected blood , and intravenous drug users sharing needles .
Air is introduced into the cavities ( ventricles ) of the brain to displace the cerebrospinal fluid , thus acting as a contrast medium .
Air is occasionally useful as a contrast medium .
Air is released from the lungs when the pressure from the respirator is relaxed .
Air may gain access to the circulation as a result of surgery , injury , or intravenous infusions .
Air or gas in the peritoneal or abdominal cavity , usually due to a perforation of the stomach or bowel .
Akinetic mutism is a state of complete phycisal unresponsiveness although the patient 's eyes remain open and appear to follow movements .
Alactasia causes symptoms only if the diet regularly includes raw milk , when the undigested lactose causes diarrhea and abdominal pain .
Albinos have white hair and pink skin and eyes .
Albumin is synthesized in the liver , the inability to synthesize it is a prominent feature of chronic liver disease ( cirrhosis ) .
Albuminuria is not always associated with disease .
Alcoholism impairs intellectual function , physical skills , memory , and judgment social skills , such as conversation , are preserved until a late stage .
Alizarin is insoluble in water but dissolves in alkalis , alcohol , and ether .
Alkaline phosphatase occurs in teeth , developing bone , plasma , kidney , and intestine .
Alkalosis may be associated with loss of acid through vomiting or with excessive sodium bicarbonate intake .
Alkalosis may produce symptoms of muscular weakness or cramp .
All are typified by weakness and wasting of the muscles in the upper parts of the arms and legs .
All arteries except the pulmonary artery carry oxygenated blood .
All autotrophic bacteria are nonparasitic .
All babies have lactase in their intestines , but the enzyme disappears during childhood in about 10 % of northern Europeans , 40 % of Greeks and Italians , and 80 % of Africans and Asians .
All carbohydrates are eventually broken down in the body to the simple sugar glucose , which can then take part in energy - producing metabolic processes .
All grades of malignancy occur , from slow - growing tumours whose histological structure resembles normal glial cells , to rapidly growing highly invasive tumours whose cell structure is poorly differentiated ( see glioblastoma ) .
All keratometers work on the principle that the size of the image of an object reflected from a convex mirror ( in this case , the cornea ) depends on the curvature of the mirror .
All layers of the cornea may be replaced ( penetrating keratoplasty ) or only some of its layers , the deeper layer remaining ( lamellar keratoplasty ) .
All members of a family may need treatment , and clothing and bedding should be disinfested .
All mutations are rare events and may occur spontaneously or be caused by external agents ( mutagens ) .
All of these tumours may produce the abnormal gamma globulins that are characteristic of myeloma , and they may progress to widespread myeloma .
All other nutrients are present in amounts adequate for growth .
All parts of the nervous system lying outside the central nervous system ( brain and spinal cord ) .
All people have blind spot in the visual field of each eye due to the small area of retina occupied by the optic disc , which is not sensitive to light .
All porphyrins form chelates with iron , magnesium , zinc , nickel , copper , and cobalt .
All sensory nerve endings act as receptors , whether they simply detect touch , as in the skin , or chemical substances , as in the nose and tongue , or sound or light , as in the ear and eye .
All sensory pathways , except that for the sense of smell , are hinked to nuclei within the thalamus , and it is here that the conscious awareness of messages as sensations temperature , pain , touch , etc . probably begins .
All species are parasitic and some cause disease in animals and man : T . carateum causes pinta , T . pallidum syphilis , and T . pretenue yaws .
All the bones of the skull except the mandible are connected to each other by immovable joints ( see suture ) .
All these sinuses have a spongelike structure that allows them to expand when filled with blood .
All these units are defined in the dictionary .
All three bones articulate with the navicular bone behind .
All types may lead to visual impairment , and uveitis is an important cause of blindness .
All varieties can be treated surgically , and neither micturition nor sexual function need impaired .
All veins except the pulmonary vein carry deoxygenated blood from the tissues , via the capillaries , to the vena cava .
Allergens are diverse and affect different tissues and organs .
Allergic blepharitis may occur in respones to drugs or cosmetics put in the eye or on the eyelids .
Allergic rashes and digestive upsets may also occur .
Allergic reactions are common side - effects .
Alloys are used extensively for crowns , inlays , and bridges , either alone or veneered with a tooth - coloured material .
Almost all gamma globulin are immunoglobulins .
Along with the Training Services Division ( TSD ) , it has special responsibility to employ and if necessary train ( or retrain ) those who are handicapped from any cause .
Alopecia areata is a condition of unknown origin in which hair falls out in patches .
Alopecia may be hereditary ( the usual progressive loss of scalp hair in men ) .
Alpha - adrenergic drugs , e . g . phenylephrine , constrict blood vessels in the skin and intestine and are used in nasal decongestants .
ALS ( antilymphocytic serum ) may be given to a patient to prevent the immune reaction that causes tissue rejection following transplantation of such organs as kidneys .
Also called interstitial cell stimulating hormone ( ICSH ) .
Also included are services such as meals on wheels , loan equipment for home care , and ambulotary aids .
Alteration of the responsiveness of the body to the presence of foreign substances .
Alterations in sight , hearing and other senses occur , psychotic effects , depression , and confusion are common , and tolerance to the drug develops rapidly .
Alterations in the vocal cords themselves or in their nerve supply by disease or on their nerve supply by disease interferes with phonation .
Altering the position of a fetus in the womb so that its feet will emerge first at birth .
Alternate squeezing and relaxation of the tissues stimulates the local circulation and may have a pain - relieving effect in muscular disorders .
Alternative names : regional enteritis , regional ileitis .
Alternative tests that require a woman to take hormonal drugs should be avoided if the pregnancy is intended , since there is a risk of damage to the developing embryo .
Alternatively , merozoites invade red blood cells and begin the sexual cycle with the formation of male and female sex cells ( see microgametocyte , macrogametocyte ) .
Alternatively a hydropneumothorax may become infected .
Alternatively concentrated preparations of Factor VIII , obtained by freezing fresh plasma , may be administered ( see cryoprecipitate ) .
Alternatively general pratitioners may run their own CHC , say once a week , with health visitors and other staff in attendance .
Alternatively the subject has had the disease but retains some of the pathogens ( e . g . in the throat or bowel ) and so acts as a continuing reservoir of infection .
Alternatively there may be a sudden and complete stoppage of the monthly periods .
Although an obsession dominates the person , he realizes its senselessness and struggles to expel it .
Although bed bugs are not known vectors of disease , their bites leave a route for bacterial infection .
Although dentine continues to be formed throughout life , very little is formed later than a few years after tooth eruption .
Although it is distressing and needs good motivation if treatment is to be completed , it is an effective and rapid therapy .
Although most ovarian cysts are not malignant , they may reach a very large size or become twisted on their stalks , producing pain and vomiting .
Although pregnancy is no longer possible , hysterectomy does not affects sexual desire or activity .
Although such vaccines were once much favoured for the treatment of boils , there is no good evidence that the dead bacteria are any more likely to stimulate immunity than the living and dead bacteria already present in the body .
Although the diagnosis was once used to explain various abdominal complaints , it is now known that the stomach may assume various anatomical positions without causing any symptoms .
Although the disease cannot be cured , physiotherapy and orthopaedic measures can relieve the disability .
Although the nodules disappear spontaneously they may leave an unsightly scar , therefore treatment by curettage , cautery , or excision and suture is often carried out .
Although the pupils contract normally for near vision , they fail to contract in bright light .
Although the risks of amniocentesis , in skilled hands , are extremely low , there is no point in under - taking it unless the parents agree to a termination of the pregnancy if a serious abnormality is discovered .
Although there is no definite proof of this , the disease has virtually disappeared since all mercury - containing paediatric preparations have been banned .
Although they have specific names , most coagulation factors are referred to by an agreed set of Roman numerals .
Although this relatively harmless organism is not the cause of typhus , it possesses certain antigens in common with the causative agent of the disease and can therefore be used instead of it in laboratory tests .
Although thought to be completely nonadaptive , recent evidence suggests that some patients showing pica may have particular mineral deficiencies ( such as iron deficiency ) .
Aluminium salts are used as adjuvants in the preparation of vaccines from the toxins of diphtheria and tetanus : by keeping the toxins in precipitated form , the salts increase the efficacy of the toxins as antigens .
Alveolar hydatids are not delimited by fibrous capsules and produce malignant tumours , which invade and destroy human tissues .
Alveolitis can be controlled with corticosteroid therapy .
Amelogenesis imperfecta is a hereditary condition in which enamel formation is disturbed .
Amino acids are fundamental constituents of all proteins .
Amniocentesis can also be used in the later weeks of pregnancy to assess the severity of fetal ( Rh ) haemolytic disease , and by measuring lecithin compounds , the risk of the baby developing the respiratory distress syndrome .
Amoebic dysentery ( amoebiasis ) is caused by the protozoan Entamoeba histolytica and results in ulceration of the intestines and occasionally in the formation of abscesses in the liver ( see hepatitis ) , lungs , testes , or brain .
Amoebic dysentery is mainly confined to tropical and subtropical countries .
Among its many actions are constriction of small blood vessels leading to an increase in blood pressure , increased blood flow through the coronary arteries and a slowing of the heart rate , increase in the rate and depth of breathing , and relaxation of the smooth muscle in intestinal walls .
Among the brain regions involved are the amygdala , hippocampal formation , and hypothalamus .
Among the more reputable systems of fringe medicine are osteopathy , acupuncture , homeopathy , naturopathy , and chiropractic .
AMP occurs in cells and is involved in processes requiring the transfer of energy ( see ATP ) .
Amphetamine and caffeine are stimulants of the central nervous system .
Amphoric or cavernous sounds have a hollow quality and are heard over cavities in the lung .
Amylase will also hydrolyse glycogen to yield glucose , maltose and dextrins .
Amyloidosis is also very common in the genetic disease familial Mediterranean fever ( see polyserositis ) .
Amyloidosis is indicated if over 60 % of the dye disappears from the blood within one hour of injection .
Amyotrophy is a feature of any chronic neuropathy and it may be the most prominent neurological symptom of diabetes mellitus and meningovascular syphilis .
An abdominal gurgle due to movement of fluid and gas in the intestine .
An abnormal allergic response in the nerve fibres is thought to be the cause of this condition .
An abnormal and chaotic pattern of brain activity , demonstrated by encephalography , that is usually associated with infantile spasms .
An abnormal appearance of red blood cells seen under a microscope , in which the normally smooth cell margins appear crinkly or irregular .
An abnormal but harmless swelling ( cyst ) that sometimes forms in tendon sheaths , especially at the wrist .
An abnormal cavity in an organ , usually a lung , sometimes containing pus .
An abnormal cell present in the blood and blood - forming organs in a type of leukaemia ( lymphoblastic leukaemia ) .
An abnormal change in the nature of a tissue .
An abnormal communication between the lateral ventricle and the surface of the brain .
An abnormal communication between two hollow organs or between a hollow organ and the exterior .
An abnormal condition of the eye in which the iris bulges forward towards the cornea .
An abnormal desire for taking medicines .
An abnormal discharge of fluid from the prostate gland .
An abnormal fold of skin , present from birth , stretching across the eye just above the lashes of the upper eyelid or in front of them in the lower lid .
An abnormal form of any of the cells that are precursors of red blood cells ( see erythroblast ) .
An abnormal form of any of the cells that form a series of precursors of red blood cells .
An abnormal form of neutrophil ( a type of white blood cell ) the nucleus of which has an excessively large number of lobes .
An abnormal form of red blood cell that is spherical rather than disc shaped .
An abnormal grinning expression resulting from involuntary prolonged contraction of facial muscles , as seen in tetanus .
An abnormal increase in fibrinlysis leads to excessive bleeding .
An abnormal increase in the amount of cerebrospinal fluid within the ventricles of the brain .
An abnormal increase in the density of bone , as a result of poor blood supply , chronic infection , or tumour .
An abnormal increase in the skin pigment .
An abnormal intolerance of light , in which exposure to light produces intense discomfort of the eyes with tight contraction of the eyelids and other reactions aimed at avoiding the light .
An abnormal mass of calcified dental tissue .
An abnormal multiplication of brain cells .
An abnormal musical noise produced by air passing through narrowed bronchi .
An abnormal out - growth on the surface of the body , such as a wart .
An abnormal posture in which the toes are turned inwards .
An abnormal protein - an immunoglobulin ( see paraprotein ) - that may be present in the blood in certain diseases .
An abnormal protein of the immunoglobulin series .
An abnormal sac or closed cavity lined with epithelium and filled with liquid or semisolid matter .
An abnormal sense of pain that is felt when part of the body is warmed .
An abnormal state of increased sensitivity to painful stimuli .
An abnormal state of the body or part of the body , especially one due to abnormal development or metabolism .
An abnormal white blood cell that has the appearance of an immature lymphocyte with fine hair - like cytoplasmic projections around the perimeter of the cell .
An abnormality of lipid metabolism causing deposition of yellowish nodules in the skin .
An abnormality of the pupils of the eyes , often affecting only one eye .
An abnormally copious flow from an organ or cavity .
An abnormally high degree of strength or physical tension in all or part of the body .
An abnormally large discharge may indicate infection of the lower reproductive tract , e . g . by the protozoan Trichomonas vaginalis ( see vaginitis ) .
An abnormally long and narrow skull due to premature closure of the suture between the two parietal bones , along the top of the skull .
An abrupt attack of shivering and a sensation of coldness , accompanied by a rapid rise in body temperature .
An abscess affecting the pulp of the fingertip .
An abscess beneath the diaphragm , for example , may cause a referred pain in the shoulder area , while heart disorders may cause pain in the left arm and fingers .
An abscess in the bone around the apex of a tooth .
An abscess in the space between the sheet of muscle that assists in control of the rectum ( levator ani ) and the pelvic bone .
An abscess of bone , a form of chronic bacterial osteomyelitis , not due to tuberculosis or syphilis .
An abscess that arises in the periodontal tissues and is invariably an acute manifestation of periodontal disease .
An absolete operation for the control of psychiatric symptoms by excising selected areas of the cerebral cortex .
An absolete term for ulcerative gingivitis .
An accumulation of blood within an organ , which is the result of back pressure within its veins ( for example congestion of the lungs and liver occurs in heart failure ) .
An accumulation of blood within the tissues that clots to form a solid swelling .
An accumulation of lymph in the tissues , producing swelling .
An accumulation of milky liquid in the sac surrounding the testis ( see hydrocele ) .
An accumulation of urine in one of the tubes ( ureters ) leading from the kidneys to the bladder .
An acid mucopolysaccharide that acts as the binding and protective agent of the ground substance of connective tissue .
An acquired inability to make simple mathematical calculations .
An acquired inability to write , although the strength and coordination of the hand remain normal .
An Act of Parliament providing for the needs of those who , through age , infirmity , or lack of qualifying contributions , are ineligible for benefit under the terms of the National Insurance Act .
An actuarial presentation of the ages at which a group of males and females will die and from which mean life expectancy at any age can be estimated , based on the assumption that mortality patterns current at the time of preparation of the table will continue to apply .
An acute abscess is extremely painful , causing swelling of the jaw and sometimes also the face .
An acute attack is associated with redness and swelling of the glans .
An acute attack is treated by antibiotic administration and a copious fluid intake .
An acute contagious disease , primarily affecting children , due to infection of the mucous membranes lining the air passage by the bacterium Haemophilus pertussis .
An acute disorder of the mental processes accompanying organic brain disease .
An acute epidemic disease of rats and other wild rodents caused by the bacterium Pasteurella pestis , which is transmitted to man by rat fleas .
An acute highly contagious infection , caused by the bacterium Corynebacterium diphtheriae , generally affecting the throat but occasionally other mucous membranes and the skin .
An acute infection of the small intestine by the bacterium Vibrio cholerae , which causes severe vomiting and diarrhoea ( known as ricewater stools ) leading to dehydration .
An acute infectious disease , affecting the nervous system , caused by the bacterium Clostridium tetani .
An acute infectious disease of cattle , sheep , and goats that is caused by a rickettsia , Coxiella burnetti , and can be transmitted to man primarily through contaminated unpasteurized milk .
An acute infectious disease of farm animals caused by the bacterium Bacillus anthracis , which can be transmitted to man by contact with animal hair , hides , or excrement .
An acute infectious virus disease causing high fever and a rash that scars the skin .
An acute inflammatory disease affecting the brain and spinal cord .
An acute or chronic allergic reaction in which red round wheals develop on the skin , ranging in size from small spots to several inches across .
An acute or chronic inflammatory disorder of the muscle and lining membrane of the heart .
An acute reversible form can develop a few hours after exposure .
An acute virus disease of the central nervous system that affects all warm blooded animals and is usually transmitted to man by a bite from an infected dog .
An adhesion between the iris and another part of the eye .
An adult body contains about 30 mg of iodine , mostly concentrated in the thyroid gland .
An afebrile infentile convulsion is likely to be due to birth injury or a developmental defect of the brain .
An agent , such as carbocysteine or tyloxapol , that dissolves or breaks down mucus .
An agent , such as dichlorophen , that eliminates tapeworms from the body of their host .
An agent , such as gamma benzene hexachloride , that destroys parasites ( excluding bacteria and fungi ) .
An agent , such as methyl salicylate , that causes irritation when applied to the skin and is used in order to relieve more deep - seated pain or discomfort .
An agent , such as oxytocin , that induces childbirth by stimulating contractions of the womb .
An agent , such as silver nitrate , that causes irritation and burning and destroys tissue .
An agent applied to the skin to remove hair .
An agent that can convert the inactive form of an enzyme ( see proenzyme ) to the active form .
An agent that causes narrowing of the blood vessels and therefore a decrease in blood flow .
An agent that causes reddening and warming of the skin .
An agent that causes widening of the air passages by relaxing bronchial smooth muscle .
An agent that destroys microorganisms , particularly those causing disease .
An agent that destroys mosqquitoes or gnats .
An agent that destroys or removes bacteria and other microorganisms and is used to cleanse surgical instruments and other objects .
An agent that irritates the eyes , causing excessive secretion of tears .
An agent that kills lice ; for example benzyl benzoate , and gamma benzene hexachloride .
An agent that kills spores ( e . g . bacterial spores ) .
An agent that kills trypanosomes and is therefore used to treat infestations caused by these parasites ( see trypanosomiasis ) .
An agent that prevents formation of ketones in the body .
An agent that prevents the clotting of blood .
An agent that prevents the development of a condition or disease .
An agent that produces a watery discharge , particularly a laxative that produces watery stools .
An agent that promotes the activity of a body system or function .
An agent that promotes the excretion of sodium salts in the urine .
An agent that promotes the removal of stones ( calculi ) , such as kidney stones in the urine or gallstones from the gall bladder .
An agent that reduces or abolishes sensation , affecting either the whole body ( general anaesthetic ) , or a particular region ( local anasthetic ) .
An agent that reduces or relieves nasal congestion .
An agent that reduces or removes unpleasant body odours by destroying bacteria that live on the skin and break down sweat .
An agent that reduces tension and strain , particularly in muscles ( see muscle relaxant ) .
An agent that reduces tension in muscles .
An agent that reduces the normal activity of any body system or function .
An agent that soothes and softens the skin .
An agent that stimulates sexual excitement .
An agent that stimulates the secretion of bile by the liver thereby increasing the flow of bile .
An agent that stimulates the secretion of lymph .
An agent that stimulates the secretion of milk or increases milk flow .
An agent that stimulates the secretory activity of the stomach , used as a tonic to improve the appetite .
An agent that stops or prevents haemorrhage ; for example , phytomenadione and thromboplastin .
An agglutination test for the presence of antibodies against the Salmonella organisms that cause typhoid fever .
An aggravation of lumps on the skin caused by leprosy , accompanied by fever and malaise .
An air cavity within a bone , especially any of the cavities within the bones of the face or skull ( see paranasal sinus ) .
An air lock that obstructs the outflow of blood from the right ventricle of the heart .
An alcohol derived from indole by bacterial action .
An alcoholic extract of a drug derived from a plant .
An alkaline milky liquid found within the lacteals after a period of absorption .
An alkaloid , derived from opium , that relaxes smooth muscle .
An alkaloid , derived from the leaves of the coca plant ( Erythroxylon coca ) or prepared synthetically , sometimes used as a local anaesthetic in eye , ear , nose , and throat surgery .
An alkaloid , occurring in cocoa , that has a weak diuretic action and dialates coronary and other arteries .
An alkaloid , occurring in the leaves of the tea plant , that has a diuretic effect and relaxes smooth muscles , especially of the bronchi .
An alkaloid drug , obtained from coffee and tea , that has a stimulant action , particularly on the central nervous system .
An alkaloid present in mescal buttons ( the dried tops of the Mexican cactus Lophophora williamsii ) that produces inebriation and vivid colourful hallucinations when ingested .
An allergic attack ( see allergy ) is an example of localized anaphylaxis .
An allergic condition producing transient or persistent swelling of areas of skin accompanied by itching , which may be severe .
An allergic skin reaction causing blisters and wheals , resembling those caused by nettle stings .
An alphabet , developed by Louis Braille ( 1809 - 1852 ) in 1837 , in which each letter is represented by a pattern of raised dots , which are read by feeling with the finger tips .
An alternative route provided for the blood by secondary vessels when a primary vessel becomes blocked .
An alternative subdivision into socioeconomic groups is believed by many sociologists to reflect employment grades more accurately , but it is more complicated and tends to be less generally applied .
An amino acid found in the central nervous system , predominantly in the brain , where it acts as an inhibitory neurotransmitter .
An amino acid from which histamine is derived .
An amino acid produced by the liver as a by - product during the conversion of ammonia to urea .
An amino acid produced in the liver as a by - product during the conversion of ammonia to urea .
An amino acid that is essential for normal growth and development but cannot be synthesized by the body .
An amino acid that plays an important role in the formation of urea by the liver .
An amino acid this a constituent of the bile salt taurocholate and also functions as a neurotransmitter in the central nervous system .
An anaesthetic that is injected to give rapid complete anaesthesia for a short period of time , for use in minor surgical operations .
An analeptic drug that stimulates breathing and is used to treat reduced or abnormal breathing , particularly in newborn babies and in cases of drug overdosage .
An analgesic derived from morphine but less potent as a pain killer and sedative and less toxic .
An analgesic drug that also reduces fever , used to relieve mild or moderate pain .
An analgesic drug that also reduces fever .
An analgesic drug that also reduces inflammation and fever .
An analgesic drug that also reduces inflammation and is used to treat arthritic conditions .
An analgesic drug that reduces fever and inflammation and is used to relieve pain in rheumatic and related diseases .
An analgesic drug used for rapid relief of moderate or severe pain .
An analgesic drug used to relieve moderate pain , such as headache , rheumatic conditions , and toothache .
An analgesic drug used to relieve pain in inflammatory conditions of the bladder and urinary tract , such as cystitis and urethritis .
An analgesic drug with effects and uses similar to those of aspirin .
An analgesic that also reduces inflammation and fever .
An analgesic that also reduces inflammation and fever and is used to treat headache , toothache , rheumatic pain , and similar conditions .
An analgesic that reduces inflammation , administered by mouth to treat various arthritic and rheumatic diseases .
An analgesic that relieves inflammation , used in the treatment of arthritic conditions .
An analgesic that relieves inflammation , used in the treatment of arthritic conditions .
An analgesic used to relieve mild or moderate pain .
An analgesic used to relieve moderate or severe pain .
An analgesis , related to aspirin , that is applied locally to relieve earache , mouth ulcers , and other painful conditions .
An anatomical division of the forebrain , consisting of the epithalamus , thalamus ( dorsal thalamus ) , hypothalamus , and ventral thalamus ( subthalamus ) .
An anatomical opening or passage ; for example , the opening of the tympanic cavity ( middle ear ) to the air spaces of the mastoid process .
An anatomical part having the structure of function of a pulley ; for example the groove at the lower end of the humerus or the fibrocartilaginous ring in the frontal bone ( where it forms part of the orbit ) , through which the tendon of the superior oblique eye muscle passes .
An anatomical variation in kidney development whereby the lower poles of both kidneys are joined together .
An anatomically and functionally distinct mass of nerve cells within the brain or spinal cord .
An animal , usually an insect , that passively transmits infectious organisms from one animal to another or from an animal to man .
An animal , usually an insect or a tick , that transmits parasitic microorganisms and therefore the diseases they cause from person to person or from infected animals to human beings .
An animal at an early stage of development before birth .
An animal or plant in or upon which a parasite lives .
An anterior rhizotomy - the cutting of the anterior ( motor ) nerve roots - is some times done for the relief of severe muscle spasm .
An anterior synechia between the iris and the cornea or the part of the sclera that normally hides the extreme outer edge of the iris from view .
An anthelmintic drug that destroys filariae and is therefore , used in the treatment of filariasis , loiasis , and onchocerciasis .
An anthelmintic drug used in the treatment of hookworm disease .
An anthelmintic drug used particularly in the treatment of schistosomiasis .
An anthelmintic drug used to treat certain worm infestations .
An anthelmintic drug used to treat human tapeworm infestation .
An anthracycline antibiotic isolated from Streptomyces peucetius caesius and used mainly in the treatment of leukaemia and various other forms of cancer .
An antibacterial and antifungal agent used as a preservative in injection solutions , in eye and nose drops , in powder form for topical use in irrigational skin conditions , and occasionally by mouth as a mild sedative in travel sickness .
An antibacterial drug consisting of sulphamethoxazole and trimethoprim .
An antibacterial drug used to treat infections of the urinary system .
An antibiotic , active against a wide range of bacteria , used as supporting treatment in tuberculosis and in some infections of the urinary tract .
An antibiotic , active against intestinal bacteria and amoebae used to treat dysentery and gastroenteritis .
An antibiotic , derived from penicillin , used to treat many bacterial infections .
An antibiotic , derived from the bacterium Streptomyces capreolus , that is used in the treatment of tuberculosis .
An antibiotic , derived from the bacterium Streptomyces griseus , that is effective against a wide range of bacterial infections .
An antibiotic , derived from the bacterium Streptomyces griseus , used to treat deep - seated fungal infections , it is inactive against bacteria and viruses .
An antibiotic , derived from the bacterium Streptomyces venezuelae and also produced synthetically , that is effective against a wide variety of microorganisms .
An antibiotic , devised from the bacterium Streptomyces orientalis , that is effective against most Gram - positive organisms ( e . g . streptococci and staphylococci ) .
An antibiotic , similar to penicillin , used to treat infections caused by a wide variety of microorganisms .
An antibiotic , similar to polymyxin B , given by local application or intramuscular injection to treat infections of the skin , mucous membranes , eyes , and ears caused by Pseudomonas .
An antibiotic active against many bacteria and fungi .
An antibiotic administered by mouth or injection to treat certain infections resistant to other antibiotics .
An antibiotic administered by mouth to treat fungal infections of the hair , skin , and nails , such as ringworm .
An antibiotic administered by mouth to treat gastroenteritis and other bacterial infections .
An antibiotic consisting of penicillin and procaine , used to treat infections caused by organism sensitive to penicillin .
An antibiotic derived from bacteria of the genus Streptomyces .
An antibiotic derived from the bacterium Bacillus brevis .
An antibiotic derived from the mould Penicillium notatum and used to treat infections caused by a wide variety of bacteria .
An antibiotic effective against most Gram - positive bacteria ( streptococci , staphylococci , and pneumococci ) .
An antibiotic produced by certain strains of bacteria and effective against a number of microorganisms .
An antibiotic substance produced by the bacterium Pseudomonas aeruginosa and active principally against Gram - positive bacteria .
An antibiotic that acts against a wide range of bacteria .
An antibiotic that inhibits the growth of cancer cells .
An antibiotic that is active against a wide range of bacteria and is used to treat various infections .
An antibiotic that prevents the growth of cancer cells .
An antibiotic used mainly to treat infections caused by Staphylococcus .
An antibiotic used to treat a variety of infections , including those of the urinary , respiratory , biliary , and intestinal tracts .
An antibiotic used to treat a wide range of bacterial infections .
An antibiotic used to treat certain infections , particularly tuberculosis .
An antibiotic used to treat infection caused by a wide range of bacteria and other microoganisms .
An antibiotic used to treat infections caused by a narrow range of bacteria , including osteomyelitis .
An antibiotic used to treat infections caused by a variety of microorganisms and also used for long - term treatment of acne .
An antibiotic used to treat infections caused by a wide range of bacteria , mainly those affecting the skin and eyes .
An antibiotic used to treat infections caused by a wide range of bacteria .
An antibiotic used to treat infections caused by a wide range of bacteria .
An antibiotic used to treat infections caused by a wide range of bacteria and other microorganisms .
An antibiotic used to treat infections caused by a wide variety of bacteria .
An antibiotic used to treat infections caused by a wide variety of bacteria .
An antibiotic used to treat infections caused by Gram - negative bacteria , especially Pseudomonas .
An antibiotic used to treat serious bacterial infection .
An antibiotic used to treat various infections , particularly gonorrhoea .
An antibiotic used to treat various infections , particularly tubeculosis .
An antibiotic with action against cancer cells , used in the treatment of Hodgkin 's disease and other lymphomas and in squamous cell carcinoma .
An antibody formed against one of the body 's own components in an autoimmune disease .
An antibody produced artificially from a cell clone and therefore consisting of a single type of immunoglobulin .
An antibody produced by the body to counteract a toxin formed by invading bacteria or from any other source .
An antibody that brings about the agglutination of bacteria , blood cells , or other antigenic particles .
An antibody that occurs naturally against the components of foreign tissues from an individual of the same species .
An anticoagulant drug used in the treatment of coronary and venous thrombosis .
An anticoagulant drug used to prevent blood clotting .
An anticoagulant drug used to treat thrombosis in the blood vessels of the heart and limbs .
An anticoagulant present in the salivary glands of leeches and in certain snake venoms , that prevents blood coagulation by inhibiting the action of the enzyme thrombin .
An anticoagulant produced in liver cells , some white blood cells , and certain other sites , which acts by inhibiting the action of the enzyme thrombin in the final stage of blood coagulation .
An anticoagulant used mainly in the treatment of coronary or venous thrombosis to reduce the risk of embolism .
An anticoagulant used to prevent further blood clotting in coronary and other thromboses .
An anticonvulsant drug given by mouth , alone or in conjunction with other drugs , in the treatment of epilepsy .
An anticonvulsant drug used , usually in conjunction with other anticonvulsants , to treat grand mal epileptic fits .
An anticonvulsant drug used in the treatment of epilepsy .
An anticonvulsant drug used in the treatment of epilepsy .
An anticonvulsant drug used in the treatment of epilepsy and to relieve the pain of trigeminal neuralgia .
An anticonvulsant drug used in the treatment of major types of epilepsy .
An anticonvulsant drug used in the treatment of severe forms of epilepsy .
An anticonvulsant drug used to control major ( grand mal ) and focal fits .
An anticonvulsant drug used to prevent or reduce petit mal fits in epilepsy .
An anticonvulsant drug used to prevent or reduce petit mal fits in epilepsy .
An anticonvulsant drug used to prevent or reduce the severity of grand mal fits in epilepsy .
An anticonvulsant drug used to treat all types of eplilepsy .
An anticonvulsant drug used to treat major ( grand mal ) epilepsy .
An anticonvulsant drug used to treat petit mal epileptic fits .
An antidepressant drug - one of the MAO inhibitors - given by mouth for the treatment of severe mental depressive states .
An antidepressant drug administered by mouth .
An antifungal agent , applied to the skin in the form of powder , ointment , lotion , or aerosol spray of the treatment of such infections as athlete 's foot .
An antifungal agent with uses similar to those of zinc undecenoate undecnoic acid .
An antifungal drug , used mainly for the treatment of fungus infections ( candidasisi ) of the vagina .
An antigen that forms a natural component of an individual 's tissues .
An antigen that has been detected by serological tests in the serum of patients suffering from serum hepatitis .
An antihistamine administered by mouth to treat allergies and other reactions involving release of histamine .
An antihistamine drug ( a phenothiazine derivative ) that also possesses sedative properties .
An antihistamine drug administered by mouth or injection to treat allergies and sensitivity reactions and applied as a cream to treat skin allergies and itching .
An antihistamine drug that is slow - acting but produces long - lasting effects .
An antihistamine drug with sedative properties , used to relieve anxiety , tension , and agitation and to treat nausea and vomiting .
An antihistamine given by mouth to relieve the symptoms of allergic reactions , especially hay fever and rhinitis .
An antihistamine that has the same uses and side - effects as bromodiphenhydramine .
An antihistamine used to prevent and treat travel sickness , nausea and vomiting due to other causes , vertigo , and inner ear disturbances .
An antihistamine used to relieve hay fever and other allergic reactions .
An antihistamine used to treat allergic conditions , such as hay fever and rhinitis , and in cough mixtures .
An antihistamine used to treat allergic reactions such as hay fever and hives .
An antihistamine used to treat allergies such as hay fever .
An antihistamine used to treat such allergies as hay fever and urticaria .
An antihistamine with marked sedative properties .
An antimalarial drug with effects and uses similar to those of chloroquine .
An antisepic , active against fungi and bacteria , used as a preservative in foods , and pharmaceutical preparations , as well as for the treatment of fungal infections of the skin .
An antiseptic , active against some bacteria and fungi , used as lozenges or paint treat mouth and throat infections .
An antiseptic , derived from phenol but less toxic and more selective in bactericidal activity , used mainly in solution as a skin disinfectant .
An antiseptic administered in the form of lozenges to treat bacterial and fungal infections of the mouth and throat .
An antiseptic applied topically as a cream , power , or solution in the treatment of various fungal infection of the skin , including ringworm .
An antiseptic dye used to treat some skin infections due to bacteria and fungi and also some worm infestations .
An antiseptic that is active against a range of microorganisms .
An antiseptic used as a general disinfectant for skin and mucous membranes as a preservative ( for example , in eye drops ) .
An antiseptic used to treat all types of fungal skin infections , including ringworm and infections of the genital organs .
An antiseptic used to treat bowel infections .
An antiseptic used to treat bowel infections and dysentery .
An antiseptic with a wide range of antibacterial activity , used to treat infections and inflammation of the urinary tract , such as crystitis .
An antiseptic with the same actions and uses as acriflavine .
An antiserum , containing antibodies that suppress lymphocytic activity , prepared by injecting an animal with lymphocytes .
An antiserum containing antibodies against specific poisons in the venom of such an animal as a snake , spider , or scorpion .
An antithistamine drug used mainly to prevent and treat nausea and vomiting , particularly in travel sickness , and also to relieve allergic reactions .
An antiviral drug that inhibits DNA synthesis in cells infected by herpes viruses .
An antiviral drug that probably acts by preventing the penetration of the virus into the host cell .
An antobiotic used in the form of an ointment , cream , or solution to treat skin , eye , and ear infections .
An aortic aneurysm may develop anywhere in the aorta .
An aperture providing the entrance to a cavity , such as that of the pelvis .
An apparatus for examining the eardrum and the passage leading to it from the ear ( external meatus ) .
An apparatus for measuring hearing at different sound frequencies , so helping in the diagnosis of deafness .
An apparatus for measuring pressure within the bladder .
An apparatus for producing a continuous record of both the heart beat and the subsequent pulse in one of the blood vessels .
An apparatus for producing a continuous record of the pulse in on of the blood vessels , showing the strength and rate of the beats .
An apparatus for projecting a greatly magnified image of an object , such as a specimen on a microscope slide , on to a screen .
An apparatus for recording the work performed by the muscles of the body when undergoing activity .
An apparatus for taking over temporarily the functions of both the heart and the lungs during heart surgery .
An appliance is usually worn over the colostomy opening ( stoma ) to prevent soiling the clothes .
An appliance to prevent normal closure of the teeth in the treatment of the temporomandibular joint syndrome .
An appliance used to move teeth as part of orthodontic treatment .
An approach to psychology postulating that only observable behaviour need be studied , thus denying any importance to unconscious processes .
An appropriate injection into the spinal column produces spinal anaesthesia in the lower limbs or abdomen .
An aqueous solution with antiseptic , astringent , or deodorizing properties used for daily rinsing of the mouth and teeth .
An archaic name for Sydenham 's chorea .
An arched or vaultlike structure , especially the fornix cerebri , a triangular structure of white matter in the brain , situated between the hippocampus and hypothalamus .
An area of cerebral cortex that lies away from the main areas that are concerned with the reception of sensory impulses and the start of motor impulses but is linked to them by many neurones known as association fibres .
An area of clear cytoplasm , found next to the nucleus in nondividing cells , that contains the centrioles .
An area of clear cytoplasm seen in dividing cells around the poles of the spindle .
An area of contact between two adjacent cells , occurring particularly in epithelia .
An area of hard thickened skin on or between the toes : a type of callosity produced by ill - fitting shoes .
An area of pigment , usually brown , in the skin .
An area of skin discoloration caused by the escape of blood from ruptured underlying vessels following injury .
An area of the cerebral cortex that is overlapped by the sides of the deep lateral sulcus ( cleft ) in each hemisphere .
An area of the inner surface of the cerebral hemisphere on each side , above and in front of the corpus callosum .
An area of the upper surface of the cerebellum , anterior to the declive and posterior to the central lobule and separated from them by deep fissures .
An area of the upper surface of the cerebellum , posterior to the culmen and anterior to the folium of the middle lobe .
An arrangement of membranous vesciles and tubules found in the cytoplasm of striated muscle fibres .
An arsenic - containing drug administered by mouth for the treatment of amoebic dysentery , yaws , and Vincent 's angina ; as vaginal tablets for vaginitis ; and as a rectal suppository for proctitis .
An artery arising from the external iliac artery at the inguinal ligament .
An artery in the base of the brain , formed by the union of the two vertebral arteries .
An artery that extends from the axillary artery , at the armpit , down the side and inner surface of the upper arm to the eblow , where it divides into the radial ulnar arteries .
An artificial communication , surgically created , between the ureter and the bowel .
An artificial radiactive isotope that has a half - life of about four hours and decays into the radioactive gas krypton - 81m , emitting radiations as it does so .
An artificial radio - active isotope of the metallic element caesium .
An artificial radioactive isotope of the element yttrium , used in radiotherapy .
An artificially produced isotope that emits radioactive waves and may be used in radiotherapy for the treatment of tumours .
An assay medium is used to determine the concentration of a growth factor or chemical by measuring the amount of growth it produces in a particular microorganisms .
An assessment of the future course and outcome of a patient 's disease , based on knowledge of the course of the disease in other patients together with the general health , age , and sex of the patient .
An assumption is made that there is no difference between the two populations from which the two groups come ( null hypothesis ) .
An astringent used in solution for a variety of skin conditions .
An attack comes on gradually , with light - headedness , sweating , and blurred vision .
An attack may vary from mild diarrhoea to an acute infection causing serious dehydration and bleeding from the gut .
An attack of asthma lasting more than 24 hours .
An attack usually also confers immunity .
An attribute ( such as a habit ( e . g . cigarette smoking ) or exposure to some environmental hazard ) that leads the individual concerned to have a greater likehood of developing an illness .
An atypical form of a disease in which the usually symptoms fail to appear and its progress is stopped at an earlier stage than would ordinarily be expected .
An automatic or involuntary activity brought about by relatively simple nervous circuits , without consciousness being necessarily involved .
An average individual has approximately 70ml of blood per kilogram body weight ( about 5 litres in an average adult male ) .
An axon ends by dividing into several branches called telodendria , which make contact with other nerves or with muscle or gland membranes .
An axon may be over a metre in length in certain neurones .
An early clinical sign of Chagas 's disease , appearing some three weeks after infection .
An early stage in the development of many animal embryos .
An early stage of embryonic development formed by cleavage of the fertilized ovum .
An early stage of embryonic development that consists of a hollow ball of cells with a localized thickening ( the inner cell mass ) that will develop into the actual embryo .
An early stage of the embryonic development of many animals .
An East Africa disease caused by an arbovirus and transmitted to man by mosquitoes of the genus Anopheles .
An eating away of surface tissue by physical or chemical processes , including those associated with inflammation .
An EEG pattern of hypsarrhythmia is sometimes seen .
An effective immunization profgramme has now made diphtheria rare in most Western countries ( see also Schick test ) .
An effusion of serous fluid commonly complicates pneumothorax , and must be drained .
An egg - sixed swelling on the head caused by a collection of bloody fluid between one of the skull bones ( usually the parietal bone ) and its covering membrane ( periosteum ) .
An electrical method of recording eye movements .
An electron micrograph is photographed through an electron microscope .
An electronic device to enable a deaf person to hear , consisting of a miniature sound receiver , an amplifier , and either an earpiece or a vibrator to transfer the amplified sound to the ear .
An element required in small amounts for healthy growth and development .
An elongated process or part of structure .
An embolus in any other artery constitutes a systemic embolism .
An emergency procedure for maintaining a flow of air into and out of a patient 's lungs when the natural breathing reflexes are absent or insufficient .
An emergency surgical condition caused by damage to one or more abdominal organs following injury or disease .
An emetic that produces its effect by direct action on the vomiting centre in the brain .
An emotional state evoked by threat of danger and usually characterized by unpleasant subjective experiences and physiological and behavioural changer .
An enclosure of material ( usually transparent plastic ) around a patient in bed , into which a gas or vapour can be passed as part of treatment .
An end - viewing instrument is used for most examinations , but a side - viewing instruments used for ERCP .
An endoscope , consisting of a fine tube fitted with a light and lenses , for examination of the interior of the male urethra , including the proastate region .
An endoscope for the examination of the pharynx .
An endoscope that can be introduced into the stomach via the oesophagus to obtain a view of the pyloric antrum , the region of the stomach wall near the pyloric sphincter .
An endoscope that uses fibre optics for the transmission of images from the interior to the body .
An enduring personality trait characterized by interest in the self rather than the outside world .
An enlarged or dilated ending of a tube or canal .
An enlarged photographic record of an object taken through an optical or electron microscope .
An enlargement of the wall of each cerebral hemisphere .
An entire animal organism , the trunk of an individual , excluding the limbs .
An enzyme - like substance , produced by some bacteria , that is capable of antagonizing the antibacterial action of penicillin .
An enzyme ( an amylase ) found in saliva .
An enzyme ( e . g . trypsin ) that takes part in the digestion of proteins by splitting off the terminal amino acids of a polypeptide chain .
An enzyme , formed by disease - producing varieties of certain bacteria of the genus Staphylococcus , that cause blood plasma to coagulate .
An enzyme , found in digestive juices , that splits certain products of protein digestion ( dipeptides ) into their consituent amino acids .
An enzyme , found in such tissues as the liver and kidney , that is responsible for the normal breakdown of insulin in the body .
An enzyme , found in the kidney , that catalyses the breakdown of the amino acid glutamine to ammonia and glutamic acid : a stage in the production of urea .
An enzyme , found in the liver , that catalyses the conversion of glucose to glucose - 6 - phosphate .
An enzyme , found mainly in plants but also present in leucocytes and milk , that catalyses the dehydrogenation ( oxidation ) of various substances in the presence of hydrogen peroxide ( which acts as a hydrogen acceptor , being converted to water in the process ) .
An enzyme , located in the lysosomes of cells , that splits DNA at specific places in the molecule .
An enzyme , located in the lysosomes of cells , that splits RNA at specific places in the molecule .
An enzyme , present in many cells ( including red blood cells and liver cells ) , that catalyses the breakdown of hydrogen peroxide .
An enzyme , present in saliva and pancreatic juice , that converts maltose into glucose during digestion .
An enzyme , produced by the pancreas and the glands of the small intestine , that breaks down fats into glycerol and fatty acids during digestion .
An enzyme , secreted by glands in the small intestine , that catalyses the hydrolysis of sucrose into its components ( glucose and fructose ) .
An enzyme , secreted by the glands of the small intestine , that converts lactose ( milk sugar ) into glucose and galactose during digestion .
An enzyme , widely distributed in the body , that is responsible for the inactivation of histamine .
An enzyme acts by binding with the substance involved in the reaction ( the substrate ) and converting it into another substance ( the product of the reaction ) .
An enzyme found in the blood and other tissues that - like cholinesterase breaks down acetylcholine , but much more slowly .
An enzyme from the small intestine that breaks lecithin down into its constituents ( e . g . glycerol , fatty acids , phosphoric acid , and choline ) .
An enzyme in the stomach that begins the digestion of proteins by splitting them into peptones ( see peptidase ) .
An enzyme involved in the metabolic breakdown of creatine to creatinine .
An enzyme involved in the transamination of amino acids .
An enzyme involved in the transamination of amino acids .
An enzyme is relatively specific in the type of reaction it catalyses , hence there are many different anzymes for the various biochemical reactions .
An enzyme produced by some haemolytic bacteria of the genus Streptococcus that is capable of liquefying blood clots .
An enzyme produced by some haemolytic bacteria of the genus Streptococcus that is capable of liquefying pus .
An enzyme produced in the stomach that coagulates milk .
An enzyme secreted by the glands of the small intestine that acts on trypsinogen to produce trypsin .
An enzyme that acts outside the cell that produced it .
An enzyme that breaks down a choline ester into its choline and acid components .
An enzyme that catalyses the addition of acrbon dioxide to a substance .
An enzyme that catalyses the addition of hydrogen to a compound in reduction reactions .
An enzyme that catalyses the breakdown of nucleic acids by cleaving the bonds between adjacent nucleotides .
An enzyme that catalyses the conversion of fructose - 6 - catalyses to fructose - 1 , 6 - diphosphate .
An enzyme that catalyses the conversion of glucose to glucose - 6 - phosphate .
An enzyme that catalyses the hydrolysis of compounds , examples are the peptidase .
An enzyme that catalyses the hydrolysis of esters into their constituent acids and alcohols .
An enzyme that catalyses the hydrolysis of urea to ammonia and carbon dioxide .
An enzyme that catalyses the oxidation of a large variety of monoamines , including adrenaline , noradrenaline , and serotonin .
An enzyme that catalyses the removal of water from a compound .
An enzyme that catalyses the transfer of a group ( other than hydrogen ) between a pair of substrates .
An enzyme that catalyses the transfer of an amino group from an amino acid to an keto acid in the process of transamination .
An enzyme that catalyses the transfer of phosphate groups .
An enzyme that continues the digestion of proteins by breaking down peptones into smaller peptide chains ( see peptidase ) .
An enzyme that depolymerizes hyaluronic acid and therefore increases the permeability of connective tissue .
An enzyme that digests the protein fibrin .
An enzyme that hydrolyses starch in barley grain to produce maltose during the malting process .
An enzyme that inhibits the growth of certain tumours and is used in the treatment of acute lymphoblastic leukaemia .
An enzyme that occurs in saliva and pancreatic juice and aids the digestion of starch , which it breaks down into glucose , maltose , and dextrins .
An epidemic so widely spread that vast numbers of people in different countries are affected .
An epileptic fit , sometimes called the tonicclonic fit .
An equal power of refraction in both eyes .
An equivalent term with less derogatory implications is deviation .
An eruption occurring on a mucus - secreting surface , such as the inside of the mouth or vagina .
An eruption of large blisters occurring after ecposure to light in people who have been in contact with certain plants , such as wild parsnip or cow parsley , to which they are sensitive .
An eruption of small blisters accompanied by intense itching , occurring ( usually in preadolescent boys ) on skin surfaces exposed to sunlight .
An essential amino acid that is readily converted to tyrosine .
An essential ingredient is suitable flavouring to make their use pleasant .
An establishment or department of a hospital devoted to the treatment particular diseases or the medical care of out - patients .
An estimate of the concentration of spermatozoa in ejaculated semen , which is used as a measure of male fertility .
An evacuant enema ( soap or olive oil ) is used to remove faeces .
An example is alcoholic fermentation , in which enzymes in yeast decompose sugar to form ethyl alcohol and carbon dioxide .
An example is carotene , the pigment responsible for the colour of egg yolks and butter .
An example is carotene , which can be converted into vitamin A .
An example is glucose - 6 - phosphatase , which catalyses the hydrolysis of glucose - 6 - phosphate to glucose and phosphate .
An example is glutenin , found in wheat ( see gluten ) .
An example is glyceryl trinitrate , which is used to prevent attacks of angina .
An example is pairing the taste of beer with electric shock in the treatment of alcoholism .
An example is pentagastrin , which stimulates the secretion of gastric juice .
An example is serum albumin , which is found in blood plasma and is important for the maintenance of plasma volume .
An example is the articulation between the bases of the tibia and fibula ( see illustration ) .
An example is the eye , which is capable of detecting changes and happening at a great distance , unlike touch receptors , which reqiure close contact .
An example is the iliopubic eminence on the hip bone .
An example is the joint between the atlas and axis vertebrea .
An example is the joint between the root of a tooth and the socket in the jawbone .
An example is the serratus anterior , a muscle situated between the ribs and shoulder blade in the upper and lateral parts of the thorax .
An example of a cryoprecipitate is the residue obtained from fresh frozen blood plasma that has been thawed at 4oC .
An example of a monomer is glucose , whose molecules link together to form glycogen , a polymer .
An example of a mucopolysaccharide is chondroitin , occurring in cartilage .
An example of such a solution is Ringer 's solution .
An example of such a substance is the amino acid methionine .
An excess of glucose in the bloodstream .
An excess of sodium leads to the condition of hypernatraemia , which often results in oedema .
An excess of the bile pigment bilirubin in the blood .
An excess of the nitrogenous compound creative in the urine .
An excessive preoccupation with one 's own imaginings may be symptomatic of a difficulty in coping with reality .
An excessive variation in size between individual red blood cells .
An excessively arched foot , giving an unnaturally high instep .
An excessively strong impulse to set things on fire .
An excessively strong impulse to touch or rub parts of one 's own body .
An exocrine gland may be simple , with a single unbranched duct , or compound , with branched ducts and multiple secretory sacs .
An exotoxin that is produced by Streptococcus pyogenes and destroys red blood cells .
An expectorant that acts by increasing the volume and reducing the viscosity of bronchial secretions .
An expectorant used in cough mixtures and tablets .
An extension of the cavition into the lower brainstem is called syringobulbia .
An external agent that , when applied to cells or organisms , can increase the rate of mutation .
An extra tooth that may occur in the midline of the palate , between the central incisors , and may interfere with their eruption .
An extract from the bark of South American trees ( Strychnos and Chondodendron species ) that relaxes and paralyses voluntary muscle .
An extract from the dried leaves of foxgloves ( Digitalis species ) , which contains various substances , including digitoxin and digoxin , that stimulate heart muscle .
An extract from the poppy Papaver Somniferum , which has analgesic and narcotic action due to its content of morphine .
An extract obtained from the pancreas , containing the pancreatic enzymes .
An extract of certain seaweeds that forms a gel suitable for the solidification of liquid bacteriological culture media .
An extracted purified form of heparin is widely used for the prevention of blood coagulation both in patients with thrombosis and similar conditions and in blood collected for examination .
An extreme degree of promiscuous heterosexual activity in men .
An extreme degree of sexual promiscuity in a woman . .
An extreme tendency to fall asleep in quiet surroundings or when engaged in monotonous activities .
An extremely fine tube from which minute volumes of liquid can be delivered .
An extremely fine wire used as an electrode to measure the electrical activity in small areas of tissue .
An extremely narrow blood vessel , approximately 5 - 20m in diameter .
An extremely poisonous alkaloid , found in hemlock ( Conium maculatum ) , that paralyses the nerves , mainly the motor nerves .
An extremely pungent gaseous element with antiseptic and bleaching properties .
An extremely thin square or circle of glass used to protect the upper surface of a preparation on a microscope slide .
An eye operation in which an incision of the conjunctiva is made in a complete circle around the cornea .
An eye operation in which any diseased parts of the cornea are replaced by clear corneal tissue from a donor .
An iliac colostomy opens onto the left lower abdomen , a transverse colostomy on the upper abdomen .
An illness affecting the digestive system that results from eating food contaminated either by bacteria or bacterial toxins or , less commonly , by residues of insecticides ( on fruit and vegetables ) or poisonous chemicals such as lead or mercucy .
An illness of unknown cause affecting pregnant women .
An illuminated instrument through which the lower part of the rectum and the anus may be inspected and minor procedures ( such as injection therapy for haemorrhoids ) carried out .
An illuminated optical instrument used to inspect the interior of the oesophagus ( gullet ) , dilate its canal ( in cases of stricture ) , obtain material for biopsy , or remove a foreign body .
An illuminated optical instrument used to inspect the interior of the stomach .
An image produced on a film by X - rays , an X - ray picture .
An immature cell , found in the bone marrow , that develops into a megakaryocyte .
An immature form of granulocyte having a round nucleus ( compare metamyelocyte ) and neutrophil , eosinophil , or basophil granules in its cytoplasm ( compare promyelocyte ) .
An immature granulocyte ( a type of white blood cell ) , having a kidney - shaped nucleus ( compare myelocyte ) and cytoplasm containing neutrophil , eosinophil , or basophil granules .
An immature stage in the life history of certain insects , such as grasshoppers and reduviid bugs .
An immovable joint in which the bones are separated by connective tissue .
An immovable joint in which the bones are united by fibrous tissue .
An immunosuppressive drug , used mainly to aid the survival of organ or tissue transplants .
An impacted fracture is one in which the bone ends are driven into each other .
An impacted tooth ( usually a wisdom tooth ) is one that cannot erupt into a normal position because it is obstructed by other tissues .
An impairment in the ability to extend a finger , resulting either from a nodular thickening in the flexor tendon or a narrowing of the flexor tendon sheath .
An important enzyme involved in the deamination of amino acids .
An important hormone secreted by the medulla of the adrenal gland .
An important mixed sensory and motor nerve of the arm , forming the largest branch of the brachial plexus .
An imprecise term used for any of several conditions affecting the arteries .
An impression of an image that is registered by the brain for a brief moment after an object is removed from in front of the eye , or after the eye is closed .
An inability to make skilled movements with accuracy .
An inability to stand for which no physical cause can be found .
An inability to walk for which no physical cause can be identified .
An inactive cell present in fully differentiated connective tissue .
An inadequate flow of blood to a part of the body , caused by constriction or blockage of the blood vessels supplying it .
An inborn chemical defect causing accumulation of fatty compounds ( cerebrosides ) in the liver , spleen , lymph nodes , and nervous system .
An inborn defect in the absorption and metabolism of amino acids , leading to abnormal accumulation in blood , kidneys , and lymphatic system .
An inborn defect of amino acid metabolism causing an excess of valine , leucine , isoleucine , and alloisoleucine in the urine , which has an odour like maple syrup .
An inborn defect of copper metabolism in which there is a deficiency of caeruloplasmin .
An inborn defect of metabolism causing deposition oxalate in the kidneys and elsewhere and eventually leading to renal failure .
An inborn defect of metabolism causing the accumulation of mucopolysaccharides and lipids in the cells of the body .
An inborn defect of metabolism of the amino acid tyrosine causing excess excretion parahydroxyphenylpyruvic acid in the urine , giving it abnormal reducing power .
An inborn defect of protein metabolism causing an excess of the amino acid phenylalanine in the blood , which damages the nervous system and leads to severe mental retardation .
An inborn defect of sugar metabolism causing abnormal excretion of pentose in the urine .
An inborn inability to utilize the sugar galactose , which in consequence accumulates in the blood .
An inborn lack of one of the enzyme concerned with the chemical breakdown of protein to urea , in consequence both the amino acid citrulline and ammonia accumulate in the blood .
An inborn lack of the enzyme catalase , leading to recurrent infections of the gums ( gingivitis ) and mouth .
An incision into , or a needle puncture of , the wall of an artery .
An incision into the capsule of the lens .
An incision into the testis , usually done to obtain biopsy material for histological examination , particularly in men with few or no sperm in their semen ( see azoospermia , oligospermia ) .
An incision into the tissues surrounding the opening of the vagina ( perineum ) during a difficult birth , at the stage when the infant 's head has partly emerged through the opening of the birth passage .
An incision made into the wall of the vagina .
An incomplete break in a long bone occurring in children , whose bones have greater flexibility .
An increase in the diameter of blood vessels , especially arteries .
An increase in the haemoglobin concentration of the blood .
An increase in the heart rate above normal .
An increase in the number of certain white blood cells ( basophils ) in the blood , which may occur in a variety of blood diseases .
An increase in the number of eosinophils in the blood .
An increase in the number of lymphocytes in the blood .
An increase in the number of monocytes in the blood .
An increase in the number of platelets in the blood .
An increase in the number of white blood cells ( leucocytes ) in the blood .
An increase in the proportion of immature red blood cells ( reticulocytes ) in the bloodstream .
An increase in the proportion of red blood cells relative to the plasma , brought about by a decrease in the volume of plasma .
An increase in the rate of breathing that is proportional to an increase in metabolism ; for example , on exercise .
An increase in the volume of circulating blood .
An increase or decrease in the diameter of blood vessels , particularly the arteries .
An increasing proportion of the social workers in these department are professionally trained .
An indication of a disease or disorder noticed by the patient himself .
An indication of a particular disorded that is observed by a physician but is not apparent to the patient .
An indication of pregnancy that may be detectable during the second and third months .
An indication of the extent to which a clinical sign or test is a true indicator of disease .
An individual in which a mutation has occurred , especially when the effect of the mutation is visible .
An individual in which both male and female sex organs are present or in which the sex organs contain both ovarian and testicular cells .
An individual lacking the normal body pigment ( melanin ) .
An individual who shows anatomical characteristics of both sexes .
An individual whose overall functioning is at the level of mental subnormality but who has or more special intellectual abilities that are advanced to a high level .
An individual 's general physical appearance , especially when this is associated with a constitutional tendency to a particular disease .
An indolent preinvasive wartlike carcinoma of the oral cavity , which is associated with chewing tobacco .
An industrial disease of the lungs caused by inhalation of dust of cotton , flax , or hemp .
An infant at any time during the first four weeks of life .
An infant suffering from congenital malformation of the heart as a result of which some or all of the blue ( deoxygenated ) blood is pumped around the body instead of passing through the lungs to be oxygenated .
An infected tract leading from a focus of infection to the surface of the skin or a hollow organ .
An infection and immunization too provides protection only against the specific strain of virus concerned .
An infection arising during the course of another infection and caused by a different microorganism , which is usually resistant to the drugs used to treat the primary infection .
An infection caused by inhaling spored of the fungus Histoplasma capsulatum .
An infection caused by inhaling the spores of the fungus Coccidioides immitis .
An infection disease caused by the bacillus Mycobacterium tuberculosis ( first identified by Koch in 1882 ) and characterized by the formation of nodular lesions ( tubercles ) in the tissue .
An infection of the digestive system by the protozoan Trichomonas hominis , causing dysentery .
An infection of the intestinal tract causing severe diarrhoea with blood and mucus .
An infection of the large intestine by the whipworm , trichuris trichiura .
An infection of the mucous membranes of the nose , larynx , eyes , and genitals that is caused by the fungus Rhinosporidium seeberi and is characterized by the formation of tiny growths called polyps .
An infection of the skin and underlying tissues with the bacterium Streptococcus pyogenes .
An infection of the skin underlying tissues with Erysipelothrix rhusiopathiae , developing usually in people handling fish , poultry , or meat .
An infection of the tissues and bones of the foot producing chronic inflammation ( mycetoma ) , occurring in the tropics .
An infection of the vagina due to the protozoan Trichomonas vaginalis causing inflammation of genital tissues with vaginal discharge .
An infection usually confers life - long immunity .
An infectious disease , caused by an arbovirus , occurring in tropical Africa and the northern regions of South America .
An infectious disease , caused by bacteria of the genus Leptospira , that occurs in rodents , dogs , and other mammals and may be transmitted to people whose work brings them into contact with these animals .
An infectious disease , confined to high river valleys in Peru , Ecuador , and Comlumbia , caused by the parasitic microogranism Bartonella bacilliformis .
An infectious disease , thought to be caused by the Epstein - Barr virus , that affects the lymph nodes in the neck , armpits , and groin .
An infectious disease becomes overt only at the end of an incubation period .
An infectious disease caused by bacteria of the genus Borrelia , which is transmitted by ticks or lice and results in recurrent fever .
An infectious disease caused by the bacterium Donovania granulomatis , usually transmitted during sexual intercourse .
An infectious disease caused by the bacterium Salmonella paratyphi A , b or C .
An infectious disease causing a skin rash .
An infectious disease due to the presence of parasitic protozoa of the genus Plasmodium ( P . falciparum , P . malariae , P . ovale , or P . vivax ) within the red blood cells .
An infectious disease of birds , primarily pigeons , due to a virus - like organism of the genus Chlamydia .
An infectious disease of horses , donkeys , and mules that is caused by the bacterium Actinobacillus mallei and can be transmitted to man .
An infectious disease of parrots and budgerigars due to a virus - like organism of the genus Chlamydia .
An infectious disease transmitted by sexual intercourse .
An infectious virus disease affecting the central nervous system .
An infectious virus disease transmitted to man following injury to the skin by a cat scratch , splinter swelling , or thorn .
An infestation may be acquired during sexual intercourse or from hairs left on clothing towels , and lavatory seats .
An infestation of a living organ or tissue by maggots .
An infestation of mites and ticks and the symptoms , for example allergy and dermatitis , that their presence may provoke .
An infestation of the bile ducts and liver with the liver fluke , fasciola hepatica .
An infestation of the body and scalp with lice of the genus Pediculus , which causes intense itching ; continued scratching by the patient may result in bacterial infection of the skin .
An infestation of the digestive system by bacteria of the genus Salmonella .
An infestation of the digestive system by bacteria of the genus Shigella , causing bacillary dysentery .
An infestation of the intestine with the broad tape worm , Diphyllobothrium latum , which sometimes causes nausea , malnutrition , diarrhoea , and anaemia resulting from impaired absorption of vitamin B12 through the gut .
An infestation of the large intestine of man with the parasitic protozoan Balantidium coli .
An infestation of the small inrestine with the parasitic nematode worm Strongyloides stercoralis , common in humid tropical regions .
An infestation of the small intestine by the parasitic hookworm Ancylostoma duodenale .
An infestation of the small intestine by the parasitic hookworm Necator americanus .
An infestation of the small intestine with the parasitic fluke Heterophyes .
An infestation with tapeworms of the genus Taenia .
An infestation with the larvae of the dog and cat roundworms , toxocara canis and T . cati .
An infetious disease of animals that can be transmitted to man .
An inflamed region has a higher temperature than normal because of the distended blood vessels , which allow an increased flow of blood .
An inflammable gas sometimes used as an anaesthetic administered by inhalation .
An inflammation of the meanings due to infection by viruses or by the bacteria responsible for pneumonia , syphilis , or tuberculosis .
An inflammatory condition affecting the arteries , especially in the legs , of young male jews who smoke cigarettes .
An inflammatory condition of the nipple , resembling eczema in appearance , associated with underlying cancer of the milk ducts of the breast .
An inflammatory disease affecting the muscular walls of the arteries .
An inflammatory disease of the spinal cord .
An inflammatory disorder of the skin and underlying tissue , including the muscles ( where breakdown of the muscle fibres uccurs ) .
An influenza - like viral disease that affects the brain and nervous system and occurs in Russia and central Europe .
An infusion of fluid into the rectum : formerly used to replace fluid but rarely employed now .
An inguinal hernia ( or rupture ) occurs in the lower abdomen ; a sac of peritoneum , containing fat or part of the bowel , bulges through a weak part ( inguinal canal ) of the abdominal wall .
An inherited allergy to a chemical substance found in broad beans .
An inherited cause of mental subnormality , and possibly of au - tism , associated with easily damaged X chromosomes .
An inherited disease of the peripheral nerves causing a gradually progressive weakness and wasting of the muscles of the legs and the lower part of the thighs .
An inherited disorder , transmitted as an autosomal dominal , in which the substance of both kidneys is largely replaced by numerous cysts .
An inherited disorder in which the bones of the arms and legs fail to grow to normal size due to a defect in both cartilage and bone .
An inherited disorder of connective tissue characterized by excessive height , abnormally long and slender fingers and toes ( arachnodactyly ) , heart defects , and partial dislocation of the lenses of the eye .
An inherited disorder of lipid metabilism ( see lipidosis ) in which anormal accumulation of lipid in the brain leads to blindness , mental retardation , and death in infancy .
An initial lesion on the genitals is followed by swelling and inflammation of the lymph nodes in the groin .
An innate drive that urges the individual towards a particular goal ( for example , libido in psychoanalytic psychology ) .
An insecticide that attacks the central nervous system of insects and has proved useful in the control of various beetles , flies , and larvae that attack crops .
An institution for patients who have suffered from pulmonary tuberculosis .
An institution offering residential , investigatory , and therapeutic care regarded as too complex or specialized for provision as a domiciliary service .
An institution that specializes in the care of terminally ill patients , using narcotic drugs in carefully controlled doses for the relief of pain .
An instrument ( a spectrometer ) for measuring the intensity of the wavelengths of the components of light ( visible or ultraviolet ) .
An instrument ( a spetrometer or spectroscope ) that produces a photographic record ( spectrogram ) of the intensity and wavelength of electromagnetic radiations .
An instrument consisting of a wire loop designed to remove polyps , tumours , and other projections of tissue , particularly those occurring in body cavities ( see illustration ) .
An instrument for cutting extremely thin sections of tissue ( not more than 0.1 m thick ) for electron microscopy .
An instrument for cutting extremely thin slices of material that can be examined under a microscope .
An instrument for detecting abnormal curvature of the cornea .
An instrument for determining the concentration of a particular compound in a preparation by comparing the intensity of colour in it with that in a standard preparation of known concentration .
An instrument for determining the concentration of haemoglobin in a sample of blood , which is a measure of its oxygen - caring power .
An instrument for determining the number of cells in a given quantity of fluid , such as blood , cerebrospinal fluid , or urine .
An instrument for examining the interior of the eye ( see illustration ) .
An instrument for insertion into the cavity of a joint in order to inspect the contents , before biopsy or operation on the joint .
An instrument for mapping the absolute extent of the visual field ( see illustration ) .
An instrument for marking extremely fine measurements of thickness or length , often upon the movement of a screw thread and the principle of the vernier .
An instrument for measuring a patient 's awareness of the muscular and joint movements of his own body : used during the investigation of nervous and muscular disorders and certain forms of brain damage .
An instrument for measuring angles , such as those made in joint movements .
An instrument for measuring blood pressure in the arteries .
An instrument for measuring pressure in a part of the body , e . g . the eye ( see ophathalmotonometer ) .
An instrument for measuring the angle of a squint and assessing the degree to which a person uses both eyes together .
An instrument for measuring the degree of protrusion of the eyeball .
An instrument for measuring the depth of colour in a liquid .
An instrument for measuring the expansion of the chest during breathing .
An instrument for measuring the flow of a liquid or gas .
An instrument for measuring the proportion of oxygenated haemoglobin ( oxyhaemoglobin ) in the blood .
An instrument for measuring the radius of curvature of the cornea .
An instrument for measuring the refraction of the eye .
An instrument for measuring the size of images on the retina of the eye .
An instrument for measuring the volume of air inhaled and exhaled .
An instrument for measuring the volume of blood circulating in one of the limbs .
An instrument for producing a greatly magnified image of an object , which may be so small as to be invisible to the naked eye .
An instrument for recording breathing movements .
An instrument for recording chest movements during breathing .
An instrument for recording the activity of muscular tissues .
An instrument for recording the displacement of the whole body produced by the ejection of blood with each heart beat .
An instrument for recording the flow and varying pressure of the blood within blood vessels .
An instrument for removing calculus from the teeth .
An instrument inserted through the anus in order to inspect the interior of the rectum and sigmoid colon .
An instrument on which X - ray images may be viewed directly , without talking and developing X - ray photographs .
An instrument that is inserted into the vagina and permits visual examination of the neck of the womb and the upper part of the vagina in which it lies .
An instrument that is used to raise a depressed broken bone , for example in the skull or check .
An instrument used for applying a liquid in the form of a fine spray .
An instrument used for dilating a tubular part , such as the gullet .
An instrument used for examining the inside of the kidney ( nephroscopy ) at open operation , usually in an attempt to locate small fragments of calculi in the calyces .
An instrument used for listening to sounds within the body , such as those in the heart and lungs ( see auscultation ) .
An instrument used for mapping defects in the visual field .
An instrument used for measuring the size of a tube or opening .
An instrument used in endodontics to prepare the walls of the root canal .
An instrument used in the operation for removal of stones from the bladder .
An instrument used to determine the power of refraction of the eye .
An instrument used to draw off fluids from a body cavity ( such as the peritoneal cavity ) .
An instrument used to enlarge a body opening or cavity .
An instrument used to guide the extent and direction of a surgical incision .
An instrument used to inspect the pleural cavity .
An instrument used to look into the trachea and bronchi .
An instrument used to pull out a natural part of the body , to remove a foreign object , or to assist delivery of a baby ( see vacuum extractor ) .
An instrument used to record the movements made during respiration .
An instrument used to return a displaced part of the body - for instance , a prolapsed womb - to its normal position .
An instrument used to split uplight or other radiation into components of different wavelengths .
An instrument with a blunt blade used to spread ointments or plasters and , particular in dentistry , to mix materials .
An instrument with two prongs or jaws , used for measuring diameters , used particularly in obstetrics for measuring the diameter of the pelvis .
An insulin - producing tumour of the beta cells in the islets of Langerhans of the pancreas .
An intense preference for the darkness and an avoidance of activity in daylight hours .
An intensely poisonous volatile acid that can cause death within a minute if inhaled .
An intensely unpleasant burning pain felt in a limb where there has been partial damage to the sympathetic and somatic sensory nerves .
An intention tremor occurs when a patient with disease of the cerebellum tries to touch an object .
An interaction between a bacteiophage and its host in which a latent form of the phage ( prophase ) exists within bacterial cell , which is not destroyed .
An intermediate - acting bacbiturate , used for the treatment of insomnia and for sedation .
An intermediate - acting barbiturate , administered by mouth as a hypnotic in the treatment of insomnia , as a preoperative sedative , and to treat for anxiety .
An intermediate host is one in which the parasite passes its larval or asexual stages .
An intermediateacting barbiturate administered by mouth to treat insomnia .
An intermittent fever is a periodic rise and fall in body temperature , often returning to normal during the day and reaching its peak at night , as in malaria .
An intimate and obligatory association between two different species of organism ( symptoms ) in which there is mutual aid and benefit .
An intracerebral haematoma may be a consequence of severe head injury but is more often due to atheroslerosis of the cerebral arteries and high blood pressure .
An intracranial haematoma causes symptoms by compressing the brain and by raising the pressure within the skull .
An intramuscular injection is made into a muscle .
An intrathecal injection is made into the meanings .
An intravenous injection is made into a vein .
An instrument consisting of a piston in a tight fitting tube that is attached to a hollow needle or thin tube .
An involuntary contraction of the muscles producing contortion of the body and limbs .
An involuntary violent reflex expulsion of air through the nose and mouth provoked by irritation of the mucous membrane lining the nasal cavity .
An iodine - containing antiseptic active against amoebae and other microorgnisms .
An iodine - containing compound that is radio - opaque and therefore useful in radiographic examination of parts of the body .
An iodine - containing drug that inhibits the growth of viruses and is used to treat viral infections of the eye ( such as keratitis ) .
An iodine - containing substance , synthesized and secreted by the thyroid gland , that is essential for normal metabolic processes and mental and physical development .
An iodine - containing substance produced in the thyroid gland from which the thyroid hormones are derived .
An iodine - containing substance produced in the thyroid gland from which the thyroid hormones are derived .
An ion that bears a positive and a negative charge .
An iron - containing compound ( a porphyrin ) that combines with the protein globin to form haemoglobin , found in the red blood cells .
An iron - containing pigment , resembling haemoglobin , found in muscle cells .
An iron - containing pigment present in the organisms that cause malaria ( Plasmodium species ) .
An iron - protein complex that is one of the forms in which iron is stored in the tissues .
An iron salt administered by mouth to treat or prevent iron - deficiency anaemia .
An irrationally held belief that cannot be altered by rational argument .
An irresistible turning movement of the head that becomes more persistent , so that eventually the head is held continually to one side .
An irritant laxative administered by mouth , usually given at night to act the following morning .
An isotope of an element that emits alpha , beta , or gamma radiation during its decay into another element .
An isotope of hydrogen that emits beta particles ( electrons ) during its decay .
An isotope of the artificial radioactive element technetium .
An itchy rash of small raised red spots .
An IVP tests kidney function and reveals the presence of stones in the kidneys or ureters and other abnormalities of the urinary tract .
An microscopic particle of fat present in the blood after fat has been digested and absorbed from the small intestine .
An obligate anaerobe can grow only in the absence of free oxygen .
An oblong process at the top of the spine of the scapula , part of which articulates with the clavicle to form the acromioclavicular joint .
An obselete term for calculus , the hard deposit that forms on the teeth .
An obsession that takes the form of a motor act , such as repetitive washing based on a fear of contamination .
An obsolete term for a fleshy tumour ( sarcoma ) of the testis .
An obsolete term for a group of neuroses including phobias , anxiety states , and obsessions .
An obstruction at or below the neck of the bladder will cause hydronephrosis of both kidneys .
An occupational acne - like skin disorder that occurs after regular contact with chlorinated hydrocarbons .
An occupational lung disease caused by allergy to fungal spores that grow in inadequately dried stored hay .
An odourless colourless gas that makes up one - fifth of the atmosphere .
An official judicial enquiry into the cause of a person 's death : carried out when the death is sudden or takes place under suspicious circumstances .
An official responsible to Parliament and appointed to protect the interests of patients in relation to administration of the National Health Service .
An oily aromatic liquid that is applied to the body - in the form of a lotion - for the treatment of scabies .
An old name for a contagious disease , which was formerly thought to develop within the body following infection in a process similar to the fermentation and growth of yeast .
An old term for certain types of lymphoma .
An old term for haematemesis ( bleeding from the stomach ) .
An old term for one of the types of Hodgkin 's disease .
An opening in the skull of a fetus or young infant due to incomplete ossification of the cranial bones and the resulting incomplete closure of the structures .
An opening or hole , particularly in a bone .
An operation for cataract in which the front of the lens capsule is cut extensively by a fine knife or needle inserted through the edge of the cornea .
An operation for cataract in which the lens is pushed out of the pupil downwards and backwards into the jelly - like vitreous humour by a small knife inserted through the edge of the cornea .
An operation for congenital glaucoma ( see buphthalmos ) in which a fine knife is used to make an incision into Schlemm 's cannal from within the eye .
An operation for congenital glaucoma ( see bupthalmos ) to enable fluid to be drawn from the eye .
An operation for glaucoma , one part of which is the removal of a small segment of tissue from part of the wall of Schlenm 's canal .
An operation for glaucoma in which a small incision is made into the eye , beneath the conjunctiva and close to the cornea , and part of the iris is drawn into it .
An operation for glaucoma in which part of the ciliary body is separated from its attachment to the sclera , producing a cleft between the two .
An operation for removing the blood clot and scar tissue that forms after bleeding into the chest cavity ( haemothorax ) .
An operation in which a part of the cornea is removed , usually a superficial layer .
An operation in which a portion of the sclera ( the outer white layer of the eyeball ) is removed .
An operation in which an incision is made in the sclera ( white of the eye ) .
An operation in which benign tumours ( fibromyomas or fibroids ) are removed from the muscular wall of the womb .
An operation in which the caecum is brought through the abdominal wall and opened in order to drain or decompress the intestine , usually when the colon is obstructed or injured .
An operation in which the chest cavity is opened ( thoracotomy ) and a rib or part of a rib is removed .
An operation in which the duodenum is brought through the abdominal wall and opened , usually in order to introduce food .
An operation in which the eye is removed .
An operation in which the jejunum is joined to the ileum ( small intestine ) , when either the end of the jejunum or the beginning of the ileum has been removed or is to be bypassed .
An operation in which the membranous sac around the heart is opened and the fluid within drained via a tube .
An operation in which the neck of the womb is expanded , using an instrument called a dilator , and the lining of the womb is peeled off with a curette ( see curettage ) .
An operation in which the omentum is attached to some other tissue usually the abdominal wall ( in order to improve blood flow through the liver ) or the heart ( to increase the blood supply to the heart ) .
An operation in which the small intestine is brought through the abdominal wall and opened ( see duodenostomy , jejunoileostomy , ileostomy ) or is joined to the stomach ( gastroenterostomy ) or to another loop of small intestine ( enteroenterostomy ) .
An operation in which the upper and lower eyelids are joined together , either completely or along part of their length .
An operation in which the vermiform appendix is brought through the abdominal wall and opened in order to drain or decompress the intestine .
An operation in which tissue is cut away from a wound to form a saucer - like depression .
An operation involving removal of an entire arm , including the scapula and clavicle .
An operation involving removal of an entire arm , including the scapula clavicle .
An operation involving removal of an entire leg and part of all of the pelvis associated with it .
An operation on the brain in which a lesion is made in a precise part of the thalamus .
An operation on the eye in which a part of the iris is removed .
An operation on the eye in which an incision is made in the iris .
An operation performed for cancer of the womb or ovary , in which the womb , Fallopian tubes , ovaries , upper vagina , broad ligaments , and regional lymph nodes are removed .
An operation performed in plastic surgery to built up the cheek bone with grafted bone , cartilage , or artificial material .
An operation to divide the pubic bone the symphysis , the front midline where the left and right pubic bones meet .
An operation to introduce a hollow neddle ( cannula ) into one of the lateral ventricles of the brain .
An operation to relieve blockage of the nasolacrimal ducts ( which drains tears into the nose ) , in which a communication is made between the lacrimal sac and the nose by removing the intervening bone .
An operation to relieve obstruction at the junction of the pelvis kidney and the ureter .
An operation to remove some or all of the air cells in the bone behind the ear ( the mastoid process of the temporal bone ) when they have become infected ( see mastoiditis ) .
An operation to remove the fraenum , including the underlying fibrous tissue .
An operation to secure a retroverted womb to the wall of the abdomen .
An operation usually carried out in severe cases of peptic ulcers .
An operative technique for curing a cyst .
An operon is composed of one or more structural genes , which determine the nature of the enzymes made , and an operator gene , which controls the working of the structural genes and is itself controlled by a regulator gene , which is not part of the operon .
An oral thermometer is placed in the mouth .
An oral vaccine against poliomyelitis , prepared by culture of the virus under special conditions so that it loses its viruslence ( i . e . it becomes attenuated ) but retains its ability to stimulate antibody production .
An orange - red dye derived from coal tar and originally isolated from the plant madder ( Rubia tinctorum ) .
An organ or collection of organs providing for the passage of something , e . g . the digestive tract .
An organ or group of cells that is specialized for synthesizing and secreting certain fluids , either for use in the body or for excretion .
An organ within the uterus ( womb ) by means of which the embryo is attached to the wall of the uterus .
An organic acid found naturally in citrus fruits .
An organic acid produced in large amounts by the liver under metabolic conditions associated with a high rate of fatty acid oxidation ( for example , in starvation ) .
An organic acid with a long straight hydrocarbon chain and an even number of carbon atoms .
An organic compound containing an amino group ( - NH2 ) and a carboxyl group ( - COOH ) .
An organic compound that is an intermediate in many bacterial fermentations and is produced by fatty acid oxidation .
An organic disorder affecting the brain that results in a memory defect in which new information fails to be learnt although events from the past are still recalled ; disorientation for time and place ; and a tendency to invent material to fill memory blanks ( see confabulation ) .
An organic phosphorus compound , used as a pesticide , that causes poisoning when inhaled , ingested , or absorbed through the skin .
An organism that lives in close association with another of a different species without either harming or benefiting it .
An organization , founded in the US in 1957 and established in the UK in 1964 , that seeks to assist compulsive gamblers .
An orthodontic appliance that holds the teeth in position .
An orthodontic appliance that maintains an existing space in the dentition .
An orthopaedic procedure consisting of traction on one part of a limb , while the remainder of the limb is held steady , used particularly in the treatment of a fractured femur ( thigh bone ) .
An osteoid osteoma is an overgrowth of bone - forming cells , usually causing pain in the middle of a long bone .
An outmoded form of treatment in which a thread was passed through a pinch of skin and tied in a loop .
An oval nodule of bone that lies within a tendon and slides over another bony surface .
An over - growth of the bone of the inner ear leads to the third ear popsicle ( the stapes ) becoming fixed to the fenestra ovalis , which separates the middle and inner ears so that sounds cannot be conducted to the inner ear .
An overgrowth of mature tissue in which the elements show disordered arrangement and proportion in comparison to normal .
An ovum develops within a Graafian follicle in the ovary .
An oxazine chloride , used for staining lipids and lipid pigments .
An oxygen tent is relatively inefficient as a means of administering oxygen .
An RNA - containing virus that can transfer its genetic material into the DNA of its host 's cells .
An ulcer in the duodenum , caused by the action of acid and pepsin on the duodenal lining ( mucosa ) of a susceptible individual .
An ulcer in the stomach , caused by the action of acid pepsin , and bile on the stomach lining .
An ulcerated area of skin caused by irritation and continuous pressure on part of the body .
An umbilical hernia , most common in young children , appears as a bulge at the navel .
An unconscious and extreme exaggeration of feelings of insignificance or inferiority , which is shown by behaviour that defensive or compensatory ( such as aggression ) .
An unduly painful blister may be punctured with a sterile needle so that the fluid is released .
An unnatural state of unconsciousness may be caused by factors that produce reduced brain activity , such as lack of oxygen , a blow on the head , poisoning , blood loss , and many disease , or it may be brough about deliberately during general anaesthesia .
An unpaired vein that arises from the inferior vena cava and drains into the superior vena cava , returning blood from the thorax and abdominal cavities .
An unpleasant smell . Fetor oris is bad breath ( halitosis ) .
An unsaturated hydrocarbon ( a terpene ) , synthesized in the body , from which cholesterol is derived .
An unusual and unexpected sensitivity exhibited by an individual to a particular drug food .
An unusual symptom or event that may occur simultaneously with a disease but is not necessarily directly related to it .
An unusually pronounced darkening of body tissues caused by excessive production of the pigment melanin .
An unwanted effect produced by a drug in addition to its desired therapeutic effects .
An upper motor neurone has a cell body in the brain and an axon that extends into the spinal cord , where it ends in synapses .
An upward movement of the great toe is called an extensor response ( or Babinski reflex ) .
An X - ray of the skull typically shows calcification within the tumour and loss of the normal skull structure around the pituitary gland .
An X - ray photograph ( cholecystogram ) of the gall bladder indicates whether or not it is functioning , and gallstones may be seen as contrasting ( nonopaque ) areas within it .
An X - ray photograph designed to give an undistorted picture of part of the body so that accurate measurements may be made from it .
An X - ray technique for examining joints .
An zinc sulphate astrigent applied in a lotion for the treatment of ulcers of the skin and mouth and to assist wound healing .
Anabolic agents are usually synthetic male sex hormones ( see androgen ) .
Anaemia can also be caused by the impaired production of red blood cells , as in leukaemia ( when red - cell production in the bone marrow is supressed ) or pernicious anaemia .
Anaemia can be classified on the basis of the size of the red cells , which may be large ( macrocytic anaemias ) , small ( microcytic anaemias ) , or normal - sized ( normocytic anaemias ) .
Anaesthesia is induced by short - acting barbiturates ( such as thiopentone ) and maintained by inhalation anaesthetics ( such as halothane ) .
Anaesthesia of a part of the body may occur as a result of injury to or disease of a nerve , for example in leprosy .
Anaesthetic equipment is fitted with flowmeters so that the administration of anaesthetic gases in different proportions can be controlled .
Analeptics stimulate the central nervous system to counteract the effects of large doses of narcotic drugs , which depress the central nervous system .
Anaplasia is typical of malignant tumours .
Androgens should not be used in patients with cancer of the prostate gland or in pregnant women .
Angina pectoris occurs when the demand for blood by the heart exceeds the supply of the coronary arteries and it usually results from coronary artery atheroma .
Angiocardiography is an important aid in diagnosing and planning the surgical repair of heart defects .
Angiokeratomas may be removed surgically .
Angiotensin is also capable of causing constriction of blood vessels , thus raising blood pressure .
Animals attach themselves in this way to members of their own species , but if they are exposed to creatures of a different species during this short period , they become attached to this species instead .
Anisocytosis may be a feature of almost any disease affecting the blood .
Anisocytosis may be noted on microscopical examination of blood film , from this a graph of the numbers of cells of different sizes may be drawn .
Ankylosing spondylitis is a rheumatic disease involving the backbone and sacroiliac joints ( see sacroiliitis ) and sometimes also causing arthritis in the shoulder and hip .
Ankylosis is a complication of prolonged joint inflammation , as may occur in chronic infection ( e . g . tuberculosis ) or rheumatic disease ( e . g . ankylosing spondylitis ) .
Annual figures for morbidity rate give the incidence of the disease , which is the number of new cases reported in the year .
Another common type is ringworm of the scalp ( tinea capitis ) , of which there is a severe form - favus .
Another hormone ( see cholecystokininpancreozymin ) causes the production of a juice rich in digestive enzymes , including trypsinogen and chymotrypsinogen ( which are converted to trypsin and chymotrypsin in the duodenum ) , amylase , lipase , and maltase .
Another inherited disorder in which hyperkeratosis occurs is ichthyosis .
Another kind is used to suck debris and water from the patient 's mouth during dental treatment .
Another term ( chiefly US ) for heartburn .
Another type or encephalitis that occurs sporadically is due to herpes simplex .
Another type protrudes through the end of a shortened tooth root to stabilize it .
Another valve leads to a discharge tube .
Antacids , which include aluminium hydroxide , calcium carbonate , magnesium hydroxide , and sodium bicarbonate , are used to relieve pain and discomfort in disorders of the digestive system , including peptic ulcer .
Antagonists relax to allow the agonists to effect movement .
Anterior staphyloma is a bulging scar in the cornea to which a part of the iris is attached .
Anterior uveitis ( unlike choroiditis ) is usually painful .
Anterograde amnesia is loss of memory for events following some trauma .
Anthelmintics include dichlorophen , mepacrine , and piperazine .
Antibiotics , aided by surgical incision to release pus where necessary , are the usual forms of treatment .
Antibiotics are administered to combat the infection .
Antibiotics are ineffective against them , but many viral diseases are controlled by means of vaccines .
Antibiotics are used to treat infections caused by organism that are sensitive to them , usually bacteria or fungi .
Antibiotics may be given to eliminate the bacteria .
Antibiotics should not be used for minor infections , which will clear up unaided .
Antibodies are manufactured specifically to deal with the antigens associated with deferent diseases as they are encountered .
Antibody and antigen are allowed to diffuse towards each other in agar gel .
Antibody formation is also responsible for tissue or organ rejection following transplantation .
Anticoagulants are not used ( compare phlebothrombosis ) .
Anticoagulants are used to prevent the formation of blood clots or to break up clots in blood vessels in such conditions as thrombosis and embolism .
Antidepressants , sedatives , stimulants , and tranquillizers are psychotropic .
Antidromic impulses cannot pass synapses which work in one direction only .
Antigens are usually proteins , but simple substances , even metals , may become antigenic by combining with and modifying the body 's own proteins .
Antihistamine drugs provide effective treatment .
Antihistamines are used mainly for the relief of hay fever , pruritus ( inching ) , rhinitis , urticaria ( nettle - rash ) , and other allergic reactions .
Antimycotics are used to treat fungal infections .
Antipyretic drugs also have diaphoretic activity , which helps reduce the body temperature in fevers .
Antiseptic derived from phenol , used as a general disinfectant and , at low concentrations , as a preservative in injections , creams , and lotions and also in eye drops .
Antisera are prepared in large quantities in such animals as horses .
Anuria is associated with increasing uraemia and may require haemodialysis .
Anxiety state is a form of neurosis in which anxiety dominates the patient 's life .
Any a group of unsaturated hydrocarbons many of which are found in plant oils and resins and are responsible for the scent of these plants ( e . g . mint ) .
Any abnormal growth or disease of the hair .
Any abnormal swelling in or on a part of the body .
Any abnormalities seen in microscopic examination of the blood are also noted .
Any abnormality of refraction of the eye , resulting in blurring of the image formed on the retina .
Any abnormality of sweating or the sweat glands other than excessive sweating ( hyperhidrosis ) , diminished sweating ( hypohidrosis ) , or absence of sweating ( anidrosis ) ; for example , changes in the colour or smell of sweat .
Any aching pain in the muscles and joints .
Any acute illness caused by exposure to rays emitted by radioactive substances , e . g . X - rays or gamma rays .
Any agent causing a major change in a body system or function . e . g . strong laxatives .
Any agent that provokes a response , or particular from of activity , in a cell , tissue , or other structure , which is said to be sensitive to that stimulus .
Any alteration in this ratio will disturb the acid - base balance of the blood and tissues and cause either acidosis or alkalosis .
Any anatomical structure resembling a crest .
Any anatomical structure that supports another structure .
Any animal species inhabiting or infecting the gut of another .
Any antibody that combines with its antigen to form a complex that comes out of solution and is seen as a precipitate .
Any antigen that causes allergy in a hypersensitive person .
Any antigen that is precipitated from solution by a precipitin .
Any antigen that provokes formation of an agglutinin in the serum and is therefore likely to be involved in agglutination .
Any apparatus used to measure the heat lost or gained during various chemical and physical changes .
Any artificial device that is attached to the body as an aid .
Any breach of the lung surface of chest wall allows air to enter the pleural cavity , causing the lung to collapse .
Any cancer that arises in epithelium , the tissue that lines the skin and internal organs of the body .
Any carbohydrate that dissolves in water , is usually crystalline , and has a sweet taste .
Any chemical agent , for example DDT or malathion , used for killing fleas .
Any chemical agent used for destroying mites and ticks .
Any chromosome that is not a sex chromosome and that occurs in pairs in diploid cells .
Any chronic disorder affecting the muscle of the heart .
Any clinical syndrome due to a difference between the atmospheric pressure outside the body and the pressure of air or gas within a body cavity ( such as the paranasal sinuses or the middle ear ) .
Any condition in which the eye does not close completely .
Any condition in which there is widespread disease of the brain and spinal cord .
Any condition marked by multiple widespread granulomas .
Any deviation from the normal , especially a congenital or developmental defect .
Any deviation from the normal rhythm ( sinus rhythm ) of the heart .
Any device used to apply medication or treatment to a particular part of the body .
Any differences in their appearance are due to environmental influences .
Any discharge from the ear , commonly a purulent discharge in chronic middle ear infection ( otitis media ) .
Any disease caused by a fungus , including actinomycosis , aspergillosis , cryptococcosis , rhinosporidiosis , ringworm , and sporotrichosis .
Any disease caused by parasitic fungi of the genus Blastomyces , which may affect the skin ( forming wartlike ulcers and tumours on the face , neck , hands , arms feet , and legs ) or involve various internal tissues , such as the lungs , bones , liver , spleen , and lymphatics .
Any disease caused by the lack of an essential nutrient in the diet .
Any disease caused by the presence of parasitic protozoans of the genus Trypanosoma .
Any disease caused by the presence of ticks .
Any disease causing wasting of tissues , especially ( formerly ) pulmonary tuberculosis .
Any disease characterized by a skin rash .
Any disease involving all of the peripheral nerves .
Any disease involving the synovial membranes or causing degeneration of cartilage may cause arthritis .
Any disease of a gland , especially of a lymph gland .
Any disease of skin particularly one without inflammation .
Any disease of the bone and cartilage adjoining a joint .
Any disease of the peripheral nerves , usually causing weakness and numbness .
Any disease or disorder involving a joint .
Any disease that can be transmitted from one person to another .
Any disorder in which aches and pains affect the muscles and joints .
Any disorder involving all the peripheral nerves .
Any disorder of lipid metabolism within the cells of the body .
Any disorder of metabolism causing excessive thirst and the production of large volumes of urine .
Any disorder of the blood vessels of the brain and its covering membranes ( meanings ) .
Any disorder of the peripheral nerves ( see neuropathy ) in which the brunt of the disease falls on the nerve roots where they emerge from the spinal cord .
Any disorder of the retina resulting in impairment or loss of vision .
Any disorder or pathological condition that results from a preceding disease or accident .
Any distortion or lack of symmetry in the shape of the head , usually due to irregularity in the closure of the sutures between the bones of the skull .
Any disturbance of fat metabolism or of the distribution of fat in the body .
Any disturbance of the will or of the mental processes that lead to purposeful action .
Any drug or chemical agent used to expel worms from the intestine .
Any drug or chemical agents used to destroy parasitic worms , e . g . tapeworms , roundworms , and flukes , and remove them from the body .
Any drug or preparation used for the treatment or prevention of disease , particularly a preparation that is taken by mouth .
Any drug that inhibits the secretion of sweat , such as parasympatholytic drugs .
Any enzyme that catalyses the combination of an organic molecule ( usually glucose ) with a phosphate group ( phosphorylation ) .
Any epidemic disease with a high death rate .
Any excess of any bodily fluid , especially blood ( see hyperaemia ) .
Any factor in a patient 's condition that makes it unwise to pursue a certain line of treatment .
Any factor that threatens the health of the body or has an adverse effect on its functioning , such as injury , disease , or worry .
Any free - living organism that lives and feeds on the dead and putrefying tissues of animals or plants .
Any fungs infection of the skin , more specifically , an infection caused by the parasitic fungus Epidermophyton .
Any funnel - shaped channel or passage , particularly the hollow conical stalk that extends downwards from the hypothalamus and is continuous with the posterior lobe of the pituitary gland .
Any gas that disrupts the normal functioning of nerves and thus of the muscles they supply .
Any generalized bone disease resulting from a metabolic disorder .
Any hair disease caused by infection with a fungus .
Any hook - shaped structure , especially a projection of the lower surface of the cerebral hemisphere that is composed of cortex belonging to the temporal lobe .
Any hooklike process , such as occurs on the hamate , lacrimal , and sphenoid bones and on the cochlea .
Any infected skin disease in which pus is produced .
Any infection caused by spirochaete bacteria of the genus Treponema .
Any infectious disease transmitted by ticks , especially Rocky Mountain spotted fever .
Any instrument designed for cutting the cornea .
Any instrument for measuring the intensity and wavelengths of visible or invisible electromagnetic radiations .
Any instrument used to obtain a view of the interior of the body .
Any interruption of physiological or mental function , brought about intentionally ( as part of a therapeutic procedure ) or by disease .
Any juice or secretion of animal or plant origin .
Any kind of damage to the nerves or muscles may lead to claw - hand .
Any large cell , such as a megakaryocyte .
Any lesion that appears at the surface of the skin and is characterized by its prominence and redness .
Any living thing , which may consist of a single cell ( see micro - organism ) or a group of differentiated but interdependent cells .
Any living thing that lives in ( see endoparasite ) or on ( see ectoparasite ) another living organism ( see host ) .
Any long flexible structure , which may be solid or tubular .
Any malignant tumour , including carcinoma and sarcoma .
Any malignant tumour of lymph nodes , excluding Hodgkin 's disease .
Any mass of tissue that can be distinguished from its surroundings .
Any material - for example , nylon , silk , catgut , or wire - that is tied firmly round a blood vessel to stop it bleeding or around the base of a structure ( such as the pedicle of a growth ) to constrict it .
Any material that causes irritation of a tissue , ranging from nettles ( causing pain and swelling ) to tear gas ( causing watering of the eyes ) .
Any material that is used for inoculation .
Any means for restoring the independence of a patient after diseases or injury , including employment retraining .
Any means of rendering objects , wounds , etc , free of bacteria that would otherwise cause disease .
Any means taken to prevent disease , such as immunization against diphtheria or whooping cough , or fluoridation to prevent dental decay in children .
Any member of a group of organics compounds consisting of a carbonyl group ( = CO ) flanked by two alkyl groups .
Any member of a large group of animals that possess a hard external skeleton and jointed legs and other appendages .
Any member of several groups of soft - bodied legless animals , including flatworms , nematode worms , earthworms , and leeches , that were formerly thought to be closely related and classified as a single group - Vermes .
Any microorganism , especially one that causes disease .
Any microscopic fungus that grows on the skin and mucous membranes .
Any multicellular filamentous fungus that commonly forms a rough furry coating on decaying matter .
Any muscle that causes bending of a limb or other part .
Any muscle that causes proration of the forearm and hand .
Any muscle that causes stretching or tensing of a part of the body .
Any muscle that causes the straightening of a limb or other part .
Any muscle that compresses an organ or causes a hollow organ or part to contract .
Any muscle that lifts the structure into which it is inserted ; for example , the levator scapulis helps to lift the shoulder blade .
Any muscle that moves one part of the body away from another or from the midline of the body .
Any muscle that moves one part of the body towards another or towards the midline of the body .
Any nerve , usually belonging to the autonomic nervous system , that controls the circulation of blood through blood vessels by its action on the muscle fibres within their walls or its action on the heart beat .
Any nerve fibre that has a sheath of myelin surrounding and insulating its axon .
Any noise ( buzzing , ringing , etc . ) in the ear .
Any noxious substance accumulating in refuse or as dust or effluent , that is deemed by British law to be injurious to health or offensive .
Any object that is used or handled by a person with a communicable disease and may therefore become contaminated with the infective organisms and transmit the disease to a subsequent user .
Any of 500 or so antibiotics synthesized or isolated from species of Streptomyces .
Any of a class of proteins , present in the blood plasma , identified by their characteristic rate of movement in an electric field ( see electrophoresis ) .
Any of a group of alloys containing mercury .
Any of a group of chemically related compounds ( tocopherols and tocotrienols ) that have antioxidant properties and are thought to stabilize cell membranes by preventing oxidation of their unsaturated fatty acid components .
Any of a group of diseases in which there are abnormalities in certain large phagocytic cells ( histiocytes ) , leading to biochemical defects , such as abnormal storage of fats ( as in Gaucher 's disease ) , and other poorly understood conditions , such as Letterer - Siwe disease and Hand - Schuller - Christian disease ( see reticuloendotheliosis ) .
Any of a group of drugs , derived from barbituric acid , that depress activity of the central nervous system .
Any of a group of flatworm that have a long thin ribbonlike body and lives as parasites in the intestines of man and other vertebrates .
Any of a group of inherited diseases , including thalassaemia and sickle cell disease , in which there is an abnormality in the production of haemoglobin .
Any of a group of inherited disorders of the cerebellum and corticospinal tracts in the brain .
Any of a group of malignant diseases in which the bone marrow and other blood - forming organs produce increased numbers of certain types of white blood cells ( leucocytes ) .
Any of a group of materials used in dentistry either as fillings or as lutes for crowns .
Any of a group of muscle diseases in which inflammation and degenerative changes occur .
Any of a group of non - motile parasitic spherical bacteria that occur in pairs .
Any of a group of skin disorders that resemble pemphigus but are distinct from it .
Any of a group of substances that are required , in very small amounts , for healthy growth and development : they cannot be synthesized in the body and are therefore essential constituents of the diet .
Any of a group of white blood cells that , when stained with Romanowsky stains , are seen to contain granucles in their cytoplasm .
Any of a series of nucleated cells ( see normoblast , proerythroblast ) that pass through a succession of stages of maturation to form red blood cells ( erythrocytes ) .
Any of several distinctive skin diseases marked by successive outbreaks of blisters .
Any of several dome - shaped anatomical structures .
Any of several hormones synthesized and released by the pituitary gland that act on the testes or ovaries ( gonads ) to promote production of sex hormones and either sperm or ova .
Any of several methods used to demonstrate whether or not a woman is pregnant .
Any of several muscles arising from or inserted by a series of processes that resemble the teeth of a saw .
Any of several other hollow organs containing fluid , such as the gall bladder .
Any of several other structures of similar appearance .
Any of several skin diseases typified by the development of soft rounded tumours .
Any of several techniques for separating the components of a mixture by selective absorption .
Any of several types of skin disease in which small round hard lesions occur close together .
Any of simple or branched glands in the skin that secrete on oily substance , sebum .
Any of the air passages beyond the trachea ( windpipe ) that has cartilage and mucous glands in its wall ( see illustration ) .
Any of the bands of tissue that pass from the outer part of an organ to its interior , dividing it into separate chambers .
Any of the bones forming the metacarpus .
Any of the cells produced by cleavage of the zygote , comprising the earliest stages of embryonic development until the formation of the blastocyst .
Any of the cells that are in the process of developing into gametes by undergoing gametogenesis .
Any of the cells that are present in the blood in health or disease .
Any of the cone - shaped prominences on teeth , especially the molars and premolars .
Any of the ducts that convey bile from the liver .
Any of the embryonic cells that have the potential to develop into spermatozoa or ova .
Any of the flakes of dead epidermal cells shed from the skin .
Any of the flat - bodied worms , including the flukes and tapeworms .
Any of the folds of mucous membrane under the tongue or between the gums and the upper or lower lips .
Any of the four front teeth in each jaw , two on each side of the midline .
Any of the infoldings of soft tissue in the mouth , for example between the cheek and the alveolus .
Any of the long convoluted tubules that make up the bulk of the testis .
Any of the long threadlike nematode worms that , as adults , are parasites of the connective and lymphatic tissue of man capable of causing disease .
Any of the major convex subdivisions of the mature placenta .
Any of the natural communications between the branches of the hepatic portal vein in the liver and the inferior vena cava .
Any of the nerve cells of the embryo that give rise to functional nerve cells ( neurones ) .
Any of the notoriously poisonous salts of hydrocyanic acid .
Any of the paired segmented clefts in each side of the throat of the early embryo that correspond to the gills of fish .
Any of the paired segmented divisions of mesoderm that develop along the length of the early embryo .
Any of the paired segmented pouches in the side of the throat of the early embryo .
Any of the paired segmented ridges of tissue in each side of the throat of the early embryo that correspond to the gill arches of fish .
Any of the parasitic flatworms belonging to the group Trematoda .
Any of the several kinds of gas used in warfare and by the police to produce temporary incapacitation .
Any of the tendons at the back of the knee .
Any of the thickened areas of ectoderm in the embryo that will develop into nerve ganglia or the special sensory structures of the eye , ear , or nose .
Any of the thin bars of bony tissue in spongy bone .
Any of the three distinct types of tissue found in the very early stages of embryonic development ( see ectoderm , endoderm , mesoderm ) .
Any of the three main columns of white mattes found in each lateral half of the spinal cord .
Any of the various parasitic worms , including the flukes , tape worms , and nematodes .
Any of three muscle ( vatus intermedius , vastus lateralis , and vastus medialis ) that form part of the quadriceps muscle of the thigh .
Any of three thin scroll - like bones that form the sides of the nasal cavity .
Any of various anatomical chambers into which one or more cavities open .
Any of various conditions in which certain colours are confused with one another .
Any of various diseases that affect the functioning of the brain .
Any of various other spiny projections ; occurring . .
Any of various substances produced in decaying foodstuffs and responsible for the unpleasant taste and smell of such foods .
Any of various techniques for recording the structure of the brain or the activity of the brain cells .
Any one of a group of about 100 naturally occurring yellow to red pigments found mostly in plants .
Any one of a group of condition caused by the effect of persistent cold on individuals whose skin blood vessels are especially sensitive .
Any one of a group of disorders of brain function characterized by recurrent attacks that have a sudden onset .
Any one of a group of enzymes that catalyse the conversion of one isomer of a compound into another .
Any one of a group of infections caused by rickettsiae and characterized by severe headache , a widespread rash , prolonged high fever , and delirium .
Any one of a group of muscle diseases in which there is a recognizable pattern of inheritance .
Any one of a group of reddish to purplish dyes used in staining bacteria for microscopic observation and capable of killing various disease - causing microorganisms .
Any one of a group of RNA - containing viruses that cause respiratory infections in man resembling the common cold .
Any one of a group of semisythetic antobiotics , derived from the mould Cephalosporium , which are effective against a wide range of microorganism and are therefore used in a variety of infections ( see cephalexin , cephaloglycin , cephaloridine , cephalothin sodium ) .
Any one of a group of skin diseases ( erythrodermas ) that develop slowly and are typified by chronic red scaly patches that resemble psoriasis .
Any one of a group of spiral - shaped bacteria that lack a rigid cell wall and move by means of muscular flexions of the cell .
Any one of a group of water - soluble vitamins that , although not chemically related , are often found together in the same kinds of food ( milk , liver , cereals , etc . ) and all function as coenzymes .
Any one of a group of winged insects ( Reduviidae ) whose mouthparts - adapted for piercing and sucking - take the form of a long proboscis that is tucked beneath the head when not in use .
Any one of a large group of compounds , including the sugars and starch , that contain carbon , hydrogen , and oxygen and have the general formula Cx ( H2O ) y .
Any one of a large group of worms having an unsegmented cylindrical body , tapering at both ends .
Any one of a variety of lesions of the glomeruli ( see glomerulus ) associated with acute or chronic kidney disease .
Any one of group of diseases that are characterized by degenerative changes in collagen - the principal component of connective tissue .
Any one of the different forms of an element , possessing the same number of protons ( positively charged particles ) in the nucleus , and thus the same atomic numbers , but different numbers of neutrons .
Any one of the many types into which a person 's blood may be classified , based on the presence or absence of certain inherited antigens on the surface of the red blood cells .
Any one of the subdivisions of the population made by the Office of Population Censuses and Surveys based on occupation , as indicated in the ten - yearly census .
Any one of various specific diseases to which workers in certain occupations are particularly prone .
Any opacity in the lens of the eye , resulting in blurred vision .
Any operation to repair or reconstruct the eyelid .
Any or all aspects of the surroundings of an organism , both internal and external , which influence its growth , development , and behaviour .
Any organ , tissue , or object used for transplantation to replace a faulty part of the body .
Any organism , especially a microbe , that is able to live and grow in the absence of free oxygen .
Any organism , especially a microbe , that requires the presence of free oxygen for life and growth .
Any organism too small to be visible to the naked eye .
Any other tissue connecting two similar structures .
Any piece of material , such as a wad of cottonwood ; soaked in hot water ( with or without medication ) and used to apply a poultice .
Any poisonous substance ( toxin ) produced by a plant , such as any of the toxin produced by fungi of the genus Amanita .
Any profession ( including occupational therapy , physiotherapy and speech therapy ) in which the therapists use their skills to assist those with handicap to achieve living and working standards as near normal as possible .
Any receptor organ composed of sensory nerve cells that respond to and monitor changes within the body , such as the stretching of muscles or the acidity of the blood .
Any rose - coloured rash , such as occurs in measles , the secondary stage of syphilis , or typhoid fever .
Any rubbing or scraping action that produces surface wear .
Any singlecelled microscopic animal of jelly - like consistency and irregular and constantly changing shape .
Any small particle , cell , or mass of tissue .
Any steroid hormone , produced mainly by the ovaries or testes , that is responsible for controlling sexual development and reproductive function .
Any steroid hormone synthesized by the adrenal cortex .
Any structure or agent that brings about activity in a muscle or gland , such as a motor nerve that causes muscular contraction or glandular secretion .
Any structure shaped like a basin , e . g . the expanded part of the ureter in the kidney ( renal pelvis ) .
Any substance , agent , or process that induces the formation of developmental abnormalities in a fetus .
Any substance , usually a broth , agar , or gelatin , used for the culture of microorganisms or tissue cells .
Any substance capable of converting blood from a liquid to a solid state .
Any substance produced within , and secreted by , a nerve cell .
Any substance that , when exposed to living tissue , may cause the production of a carcinoma .
Any substance that affects the structure or functioning of a living organism .
Any substance that can cause cells to begin division ( mitosis ) .
Any substance that inhibits the action of cholinesterase , the enzyme responsible for the breakdown of the neurotransmitter acetylcholine , and therefore allows acetylcholine to continue transmitting nerve impulses .
Any substance that irritates , damages , or impairs the activity of the body 's tissues .
Any substance that is used to improve the visibility of structures during radiography .
Any substance that retains heat for a long time , such as kaolin , which is often used in hot poultices .
Any substance that stimulates the body to produce an agglutinin is called an agglutinogen .
Any substance that the body regards as foreign or potentially dangerous and against which it produces an antibody .
Any substance used in conjunction with another to enhance its activity .
Any test designed to discover abnormalities in a sample of a person 's blood , such as the presence of alcohol , drugs , or bacteria , or to determine the blood group .
Any thin weblike tissue , particularly the tela choroidea , a folded double layer of pia mater containing numerous small blood vessels that extends into several of the ventricles of the brain .
Any treatment or drug that soothes and eases pain .
Any tumour arising from or resembling endothelium .
Any tumour of non - nervous cells ( glia ) in the nervous system .
Any underlying abnormality of the urinary system must be relieved to prevent further attacks .
Any unicellular fungus of the genus Saccharomyces .
Any variation from the normal physical structure , due either to congenital or developmental defects or to disease or injury .
Any virus infection of the central nervous system affecting the grey matter of the brain and spinal cord .
Any virus that enters the body through the gastrointestinal tract , multiples there , and then ( generally ) invades the central nervous system .
Any waste material discharges from the body , especially faeces .
Any wide channel containing blood , usually venous blood .
Any zone of embryonic tissue that is still differentiating and growing into a particular organ .
Aortic regurgitation most commonly follows scarring of the aortic valve as a result of previous acute rheumatic fever , but it may also result from other conditions , such as syphilis or dissecting aneurysm .
Aortic stenosis obstructs the flow of blood from the left ventricle to the aorta during systole .
Aortitis principally affects the ascending thoracic aorta and may result in the formation of an aneurysm and obstruction to the coronary blood flow .
Aortography is undertaken to reveal the extent and site of diseases such as atheromatous obstruction or aneurysm .
Apart from direct physical injury , examples of primary lesions include abscesses , ulcers , tumours .
Apart from local causes it may be due to a lesion of the geniculate ganglion of the facial nerve ( geniculate otalgia ) or to herpes zoster affecting the facial nerve ( Ramsay Hunt syndrome ) .
Apart from the enlarging glands , there may also be weight loss , fever , profuse sweating at night , an itching ( known as B symptoms ) .
Apparatus for the continuous injection ( transfusion ) of blood , plasma , saline , glucose solution , or other fluid into a vein .
Apparent absence of the eyes due to the skin having grown over the eyeballs during embryonic development .
Apparent widening of the distance between the upper and lower eyelids ( the palpebral fissure ) due to retraction of the upper lid and protrusion of the eyeball .
Apparently the presence of antigen within the growing cells inhibits antibody formation .
Application by a mental welfare officer or social worker supported by a general practitioner and suitably qualified specialist must be approved by a court of law except in emergencies relating to mental illness , in which the patient must either agree to stay as a voluntary admission or the emergency order is ratified by a court within seven days .
Applied to the bony parts of the inner ear ( cochlea , semicircular canals , labyrinth ) .
Aqueous fuchsin solution decolourized with sulphur dioxide .
Arbor vitae is the treelike outline of white matter seen in sections of the cerebellum .
Archaic , inflammation of connective tissue , leading to ulceration .
Architectural genes are responsible for the integration of the protein into the structure of the cell , and temporal genes control the time and place of action of the other genes and largely control the differentiation of the cells and tissues of the body .
Areas of the cortex in this lobe are concerned with the appreciation of sound and spoken language .
Argentaffinomas sometimes produce 5 - hydroxytryptamine ( serotonin ) , prostaglandins , and other physiologically active substances , which are inactivated in the liver .
Argentaffinomas typically occur in the tip of the appendix and are among the commonest tumours of the small intestine .
Argyria is now rare , due to the decline in the use of silver compounds in medicine and industry ( except the photographic industry ) .
Arising in nervous tissue , caused by nerve stimulation .
Arising within or derived from the body .
Arising without apparent cause or outside aid .
Around an apex , particularly the apex of a tooth .
Arrest of development at the Oedipal stage is said to be responsible for sexual deviations and other neurotic behaviour .
Arrhythmias may also produce tachycardia ( ectopic tachycardia ) .
Arrhythmias may result from most heart diseases but they also occur without apparent cause .
Arrhythmias result from a disturbance of the generation or conduction of these impulses and may be intermittent or continuous .
Arrival of the fetus at the opening from the womb other than in the normal head - first position ( see presentation ) .
Arsenic was formerly readily available in the form of rat poison and in fly - papers and was the poisoner 's first choice during the 19th century , its presence in a body being then difficult to detect .
Arsenic was formerly used in medicine , the most important arsenical drugs being arsphenamine ( Salvarsan ) and neoarsphenamine , used in the treatment of syphilis and dangerous parasitic diseases .
Artemisia moxa are stuck to the skin and ignited .
Arterial blood is bright red and emerges in spurts , venous blood is dark red and flows steadily , while damage to minor vessels may produce only an oozing .
Arteriolar nephrosclerosis is associated with hypertension .
Arteriovenous anastomoses are commonly found in the skin of the lips , nose , ears , hands and feet .
Arthritis of adjoining joints may develop as a complication later .
Artifacts , which are produced by faulty fixation or staining of the tissue , may give a false impression that disease or abnormality is present in the tissue when it is not .
Artificial radioisotopes , produced by bombarding elements with beams of neutrons , are widely used in medicine as tracers and as sources of radiation for the different techniques of radiotherapy .
Artificial valve grafts are used to replace faulty heart valves .
As a result , the penis angulates at this point making intercourse impossible .
As a small proportion of these tumours become malignant if untreated , they are excised .
As cultures age , filaments form branches , but these soon break up into rodlike or spherical cells .
As different types of radiation cause different effects in biological tissue a weighted absorbed dose , called the dose equivalent , is used in which the absorbed dose is modified by multiplying it by dimensionless factors stipulated by the International Commission on Radiological Protection .
As German measles can cause fetal malformations during early pregnancy , girls should be immunized against the disease before puberty .
As it absorbs moisture it expands , providing a slow but forceful means of dilating the orifice .
As it grows , the placenta may partially or completely cover the outlet from the womb to the vagina .
As its name suggests , the infection is ringlike and it causes intense itching .
As little as 10 ml of pure methyl alcohol can produce permanent blindness , and 100 ml is likely to be fatal .
As new cells are formed the older ones are pushed upwards and become keratinized to form the root and shaft .
As particles are emitted the elements " decay " into other elements .
As the amniotic fluid contains cells from the embryo ( mostly shed from the skin ) , cell cultures enable chromosome patterns to be studied so that prenatal diagnosis of chromosomal abnormalities ( such as Down 's syndrome ) can be made .
As the contents of the intestine are pushed onwards by muscular contraction more and more intestine is dragged into the invaginating portion , resulting in obstruction .
As the ligament is not severed it gradually heals , but this may take several months .
As the pseudocyst , which is filled with enzyme rich pancreatic juice , slowly expands it may cause episodes of abdominal pain accompanied by a rise in the level of enzymes in the blood .
As the same instruments can usually by introduced into the duodenum they are also known as gastroduodenoscopes or oesophago - gastroduodenoscopes .
As the solvent soaks along the paper , the components are absorbed to different extents and thus move along the paper at different rates .
As the stream of thought is completely interrupted , children with frequent petit mal may have learning difficulties .
As there is a 1 in 20 chance of recurrence after one child with these defects and a 1 in 10 chance or higher after two affected babies , amniocentesis early in the second trimester of the next pregnancy is advisable , with a view to termination if the afp level is abnormally high .
As these polyps often become malignant , patients are usually advised to undergo total removal of the colon .
As time passes this state of suppressed reflex activity is replaced by one of unduly exaggerated reflexes and spasticity of the limbs .
As vibrations pass from the middle ear through the cochlea , different frequencies cause particular regions of the basilar membrane to vibrate .
As well as being of value in criminology , dermatoglyphics is of interest to anthropologists and to doctors studying genetic disorders .
As well as symptoms and signs of malabsorption there is usually skin pigmentation and arthritis .
As well as urine , it receives the secretions of the male accessory sex glands ( prostate and Cowper 's glands and seminal vesicles ) and spermatozoa from the vas deferens ; thus is also serves as the ejaculatory duct .
Ascariasis occurs principally in areas of poor sanitation .
Ascaris lumbricoides , widely distributed throughout the world , is the largest of the human intestinal nematodes - an adult female measures up to 35 cm in length .
Asepsis is the ideal state for the performance of surgical operations and is achieved by using sterillization techniques .
Aspirin may irritate the lining of the stomach , causing nausea , vomiting , pain , and bleeding .
Associated with or resulting from blood loss ( see haemorrhage ) .
Astasia - abasia is an inability to stand or walk in the absence of any recognizable physical illness .
Asteroid hyalitis is a degenerative condition ( rather than an inflammation ) , in which the vitreous contains many small white opacities .
Astringents are used in lotions to harden and protect the skin and to reduce bleeding from minor abrasions .
At a pressure greater than atmospheric pressure .
At a pressure lower than that of the atmosphere .
At birth , these cavities are filled entirely with blood - forming myeloid tissue ( red marrow ) but in later life the marrow in the limb bones is replaced by fat ( yellow marrow ) .
At birth it consists of right and left halves , joined by a suture that usually closes during infancy .
At birth the central part of the disc - the nucleus pulposus - consists of a gelatinous substance , which becomes replaced by cartilage with age .
At each turn it is given a twist so that the slack material is taken up at the overlap .
At fertilization a sperm and ovum combine to form a cell with a complete set of chromosomes that will develop into the embryo .
At first the blastocyst is unattached , but it soon implants in the wall of the womb ( uterus ) .
At first the therapist rewards actions that are similar to the desired behaviour ; thereafter the therapist rewards successively closer approximations , until eventually only the desired behaviour is rewarded and thereby learned .
At implatation it forms two layers , an inner cellular layer ( cytotrophoblast ) and an outer syncytial layer ( plasmidotrophablast ) , which forms the outermost layer of the placenta and attains direct contact with the maternal bloodstream .
At interval strong peristaltic movements move the dehydrated contents ( faeces ) towards the rectum .
At its most severe death or permanent paralysis ( quadriplegia or paraplegia ) may reset .
At its upper end is the olecranon process and coronoid process ; at the lower end is a coneshaped styloid process .
At night they become more numerous in the blood vessels of the skin , from which they are taken up by blood - sucking moswuitoes , acting as carriers of the disease they cause .
At one time this was thought to cause various abdominal symptoms , and operations were devised to correct it .
At ovulation the first meiotic division is completed and a secondary oocyte and a polar body are formed .
At regular intervals the film is examined to discover the amount of radiation it ( and therefore the wearer ) have received .
At rest , the affected pupil is larger than the normal one .
At the apex of the heart , where the coronary arteries form anastomoses , these are very complex .
At the base of each canal is a small swelling ( an ampulla ) , which contains a crista .
At the base of the occipital are two occipital condyles : rounded surfaces that articulate with the first ( atlas ) vertebra of the backbone .
At the front of the eye it becomes the cornea .
At the lower and is a projection , the medial malleolus , forming part of the articulation with the talus .
At the lower end of the shaft the trochlea articulates with the ulna and part of the radius .
At the onset the patient falls to the ground unconscious with his muscles in a state of spasm .
At the openings of the heart cavities it is folded back itself to form the cusps of the valves .
At the same time it has a role in controlling the temperature of the body - the evaporation of sweat from the surface of the skin has a cooling effect .
At the same time the blood supply to the bladder and intestines is reduced , their muscular walls relax , and the sphincters contract .
At the same time the patient is taught relaxation to inhibit the development of anxiety ( see relaxation therapy ) .
At the site of attachment of the adult flukes in the intestine there may be inflammation with some ulceration and bleeding .
At the time of the menopause there is a change in the balance of sex hormones in the body , which sometimes leads to hot flushes , palpitations , and dryness of the mucous membrane lining the vagina .
At this stage the control of heart failure should be adequate and there should be few side - effects .
At various points along the lymphatic vessels are lymph nodes .
Atmospheric oxygen is absorbed and carbon dioxide from the blood of the pulmonary capillaries is released into the lungs .
ATP is formed from ADP or AMP using energy produced by the breakdown of carbohydrates or other food substances .
Atrial fibrillation , a common type of arrhythmia , results in rapid and irregular heart and pulse rates .
Atrial myxoma is a tumour of the heart , usually of the left side , arising from the septum dividing the two upper chambers .
Atrophic gastritis , in which the stomach lining is atrophied , may succeed chronic gastritis but may occur spontaneously as an autoimmune disease .
Atropine and curare cause muscular paralysis by blocking the action of acetylcholine at muscle membranes .
Atropine and similar drugs have these effects .
Atropine is administered by mouth , injection , or as eyedrops .
Atropine relaxes smooth muscle and is used to treat biliary colic and renal colic .
Attached to the midbrain are the two cerebral hemispheres .
Attacks are sometimes provoked by overbreathing or intermittent photic stimulation .
Attacks may recur in certain individuals , possibly because of a defect in their lymphatic systems .
Attacks of apnoea are common in newborn babies and should be taken seriously although they do not necessarily indicate serious illness .
Attacks of temporary loss of consciousness that occur when blood flow ceases due to ventricular fibrillation or asystole .
Attacks sometimes follow a stressful experience .
Attacks start suddenly , often in the summer , and last up to six weeks .
Attempts are being made to produce human interferon in large quantities in bacterial host cells .
Auscultation is an aid to diagnosis of abnormalities of the heart , lungs , intestines , and other organs according to the characteristic changes in sound pattern caused by different disease processes .
Autistic children are unable to form normal personal relationships but they can become emotionally attached to objects .
Autosuggestion is used primarily in autogenic training , a technique used to help patients control their anxiety or their habits .
Avoidance of carbohydrate meals may relieve the syndrome but further surgery is sometimes required .
Avoidance of known allergens , and desensitization to them , may help to reduce the frequency of attacks .
Avoidance of smoking and reduction in excessive tea or coffee intake may help .
Avoidance of the allergen is the main principle of treatment .
Avoiding the feared situation may severely restrict one 's life and cause much suffering .
Azathioprine may damage bone marrow , causing blood disorders .
B . bacilliformis cause bartonellosis in man .
B . coli , normally living in the gut of pigs as a harmless commensal , occasionally infects man ( see balantidiasis ) .
B . malayi infects man throughout southeast Asia , causing filariasis and elephantiasis ( especially of the feet and legs ) .
B . pahangi , a parasite of wild cats and domestic animals produces an allergic condition in man , with coughing , breathing difficulty , and an increase in the number of eosinophils in the blood .
B . pertussis causes whooping cough , and all the other species are able to break down red blood cells and cause diseases resembling whooping cough .
B . polymyxa , commonly found in soil , is the source of the Polymyxin group of antibiotics .
B . subtilis may cause conjunctivitis in man .
B . vincentii is found in close association with the bacillus Fusobacterium fusiformis in ulcerative gingivitis .
Babies have passive immunity , conferred by antibodies from the maternal blood and colostrum , to common diseases for several weeks after birth .
Bacillary dysentery is caused by bacteria of the genus Shigella and is spread by contact with a patient or carrier or through food or water contaminated by their faeces .
Bacilli entering by the mouth , usually in infected cow 's milk , set up primary complex in abdominal lymph nodes , leading to peritonitis , and sometimes spread to other organs , joints , and bones ( see Pott 's disease ) .
Backward flexion of the foot or hand or their digits ; i . e . bending towards the upper surface .
Bacteria are spread in the faeces of patients or carriers , and outbreaks occur as a result of poor sanitation or unhygienic food - handling .
Bacteria are transmitted by coughing and sneezing : outbreaks occur most commonly in overcrowded conditions , and children are more susceptible than adults .
Bacteria may also pass from an infection pregnant woman across the placenta to the developing fetus , resulting in the disease being present at birth ( congenital syphilis ) .
Bacteria multiply at the site of infection and produce a toxin that irritates nerves so that they cause spasmodic contraction of muscles .
Bacteria multiply at the site of infection and release a toxin into the blood - stream , which damages heart and nerves .
Bacteria normally present in the intestinal tract .
Bacteria reproduce asexually by simple division of cells .
Bacteria usually enter the body during sexual intercourse , through the mucous membranes of the vagina or urethra , but they may rarely be transmitted through skin wounds or scratches .
Bacterial breakdown of sweat , usually in the armpit or on the feet , which causes an unpleasant smell .
Bacterial cells that are attacked by lysozyme are said to have been lysed .
Bacterial colonies that grow on agar plates differ in shape , size , colour , elevation , translucency , and surface texture , depending on the species .
Bacterial infection of the kidney substance .
Bacterial infections respond to antibiotic eye drops .
Bacterial meningitis can be effectively treated with antibiotics or sulphonamides .
Bacterial or fungal infection of a muscle resulting in painful inflammation .
Bad breath . Causes of temporary halitosis include recently eaten strongly flavoured food , such as garlic or onions , and drugs such as paraldehyde .
Balantidiasis is a rare cause of dysentery , mainly affecting farm workers .
Baldness , endocrine malfunction , and cataracts also occur .
Barium , given orally or as an enema to show up the alimentary tract on X - ray , is an example of a contrast medium .
Barium salts are also radio - opaque and used in barium " meals " and enemas for the investigation of the digestive tract by X - rays .
Bartonellosis can be treated successfully with penicillin and other antibiotics and blood transfusions may be given to relieve the anaemia .
Based on the absorption of specific radio frequencies by atomic nuclei , it enables the imaging of parts of the body in any plane and is without known risk to the patient .
Based on the metre - kilogram - second system , si units have seven base units and two suplementary units .
Beams if radiation may be directed at a diseased part from a distance ( see telecurietherapy ) , or radioactive material , in the form of needles , wires , or pellets , may be implanted in the body .
Because blood is coagulated as the knife is used , and small vessels sealed off , virtually bloodless incisions may be made .
Because complement is taken up from the serum only when such a reaction has occurred , testing for the presence of complement after mixing a suspension of a known organism with a patient 's serum can give confirmation of infection with a suspected organism .
Because immunity is lowered during treatment with immunosuppressives , there is an increased risk of infection .
Because its use as such causes liver damage and affects heart rhythm , chloroform is now used only in low concentrations as a flavouring agent and preservative , in the treatment of flatulence , and in liniments as a rubefacient .
Because of its toxic effects , there has been considerable anxiety over its widespread use in situations where food may be contaminated .
Because of these toxic effects , lsd is used only to treat severe cases .
Because prolonged high doses may cause kidney damage , its use in Britain was restricted by law in 1974 .
Because radon , a radioactive gas , is released from radium , the metal must be enclosed in gas - tight containers during use .
Because the design and use of optometers is very complex , errors of refraction are usually determined using a retinoscope .
Because the horny layer of the skin in these parts is so thick the vesicles typical of eczema cannot rupture .
Because they prevent ovulation , progestogens are a major constituent of oral contraceptives .
Because they produce tolerance and psychological and physical dependence , have serious toxic side - effects ( see barbiturism ) , and can be fatal following large overdosage , barbiturates have been largely replaced in clinical use by safer drugs .
Because tuberculosis bacteria soon become resistant to isoniazid , it is usually given in conjunction with srteptomycin or PAS .
Bed rest will often relieve the pain but any persistence of numbness or weakness is an indication for surgical treatment .
Before operation : referring to the condition of a patient or to treatment , such as sedation , given at this time .
Before the stain is applied the tissue is mordanted , then treated with acid fuchsin and phosphomolybdic acid .
Behaviour is governed by pessimistic or despairing beliefs , and sleep , appetite , and concentration are disturbed .
Behaviour is overactive , extravagant , overbearing , and sometimes violent .
Behaviour modification has wider applications than behaviour therapy , since it is also used in situation in which the client is not ill , for example , in education .
Behaviour problems and anxiety can be controlled with behaviour therapy and drugs ( such as phenothiazines ) .
Behaviour that is the opposite of that suggested by others .
Behavioural changes can includes an avoidance of fear - producing objects or situations and may be extremely disabling ; for example , fear of open spaces .
Behaviourists are concerned with the laws regulating the occurrence of behaviour ( see conditioning ) .
Being able to move spontaneously , without external aid : usually applied to a microorganism or a cell ( e . g . a sperm cell ) .
Bejel , which is rarely fatal , is treated with penicillin .
Belching , the sudden raising of gas from the stomach .
Below it are the mastoid process , styloid process , and zygomatic process ( see zygomatic arch ) .
Below the dura mater ( the outermost of the meninges ) ; relating to the space between the dura mater and arachnoid .
Below the lesion there is a spastic paralysis on the same side and a loss of pain and temperature sensation on the opposite side .
Bence - Jones protein may also be found in the serum or urine .
Beneath it , the pectoralis minor depresses the shoulder and draws the scapula down towards the chest .
Beneath the dermis is a layer of fatty tissue .
Beneath the skin , usually applied to subcutaneous injections .
Benign synoviomas occur on tendon sheaths .
Benign tumours grow slowly and compress the brain tissue , sometimes causing epileptic fits .
Bephenium hydroxynaphthoate , reliable and easy to administer , is used in treatment .
Beriberi takes two forms : wet beriberi , in which there is an accumulation of tissue fluid ( oedema ) , and dry beriberi , in which there is extreme emaciation .
Besides forming the major pathway for nerve impulses entering and leaving the skull , the medulla contains centres that are responsible for the regulation of the heart and blood vessels , respiration , salivation , and swallowing .
Best known methods include routine examinations , as in child health clinics and the school health service , or screening tests applied to populations regarded as having a high risk of contracting specific diseases .
Beta - adrenergic drugs , e . g . salbutamol , relax bronchial smooth muscle and are used as bronchodilators .
Beta - blocker drugs , such as propranolol , have negative inotropic action reducing heart muscle contractions and causing the heart rate to decrease .
Beta blockers include oxprenolol and propranolol , which are used to control abnormal heart rhythms , to treat angina , and to reduce high blood pressure .
Between 300 million and 500 million spermatozoa in the total ejaculate is normal .
Between attacks there may be months without symptoms , but as the disease progresses the deafness becomes more marked .
Between each arch there is a pharyngeal pouch .
Between it and the pia mater within lies the subarachnoid space , containing cerebrospinal fluid and large blood vessels .
Between the condyles is the foramen magnum , the cavity through which the spinal cord passes .
Between the enlarged end of the nerve fibre ( motor end plate ) and the membrane of the muscle is a gap across which a neurotransmitter must diffuse from the nerve to trigger contraction of the muscle .
Between the pubis and ischium , below and slightly in front of the acetabulum , is a large opening - the obturator foramen .
Biconcave lenses are used to correct short - sightedness .
Biconvex lenses are used to correct long - sightedness .
Bile also helps to stimulate peristalsis in the duodenum .
Bile canaliculi are minute channels within the liver that transport bile to the bile duct .
Bile in the urine , which occurs when the level of bile in the blood is raised , especially in obstructive jaundice .
Bile is drained from the liver cells by many small ducts that unite to form the main bile duct of the liver , the hepatic duct .
Bile may be yellow , green , or brown , according to the proportions of the bile pigments ( excretory products ) present .
Bile passes ( via the hepatic duct ) to the gall bladder from the liver , where it is formed , and is released into the duodenum ( through the common bile duct ) under the influence of the hormone cholecystokinin pancreozymin , which is secreted when food is present in the duodenum .
Bile salts also form compounds with fatty acids , which can then be transported into the lacteals .
Bile salts may play a part , especially in stomach ulcers .
Biliary atresia causes obstructive jaundice in infancy and is lethal unless corrected surgically .
Binocular vision enables judgment if distance and perception of depth .
Bioassay is used to determines the strength of preparations of hormones or other material of biological origin when other physical or chemical methods are not available .
Biochemical analysis of urines commonly used in the diagnosis of disease ( for example , there are high levels of urinary glucose in diabetes and of ketone bodies in ketonuria ) and in pregnancy tests .
Biopsy is an important means of diagnosing cancer from examination of a fragment of tumour .
Birth a fetus that shows no evidence of life ( heart beat , respiration , or independent movement ) at any time later than 28 weeks after conception .
Birth of a child after the father 's death .
Black flies are also known as buffalo gnats from their humpbacked appearance .
Black spots seen floating before the eyes usually due to the presence of opaque specks in the vitreous humour .
Black tarry faeces due to the presence of partly digested blood from higher up the digestive tract .
Blackening of the film indicates a high concentration of radioactive material .
Blackening of the nails with the pigment melanin .
Blackening of the toes and the skin of the foot due to death of the superficial tissues and caused by prolonged immersion in cold water .
Blastomeres divide repeatedly without growth and so decrease in size .
Bleeding and pain are experienced at the point of separation , and the womb undergoes constant contraction .
Bleeding from a cerebral artery into the tissue of the brain .
Bleeding from the nose , which may be caused by physical injury or may be associated with fever , high blood pressure , or blood disorders .
Bleeding from the nose and mouth and vomiting often occur after a paroxysm .
Bleeding from the womb when menstruation is not due .
Bleeding in haemophilia may be treated by transfusions of plasma ( which contains Factor VIII ) .
Bleeding into the chamber of the eye that lies in front of the lens .
Bleeding into the subarachnoid space surrounding the brain , which causes severe headache with stiffness of the neck .
Bleeding into the tissue of the spinal cord .
Bleeding into the vitreous humour of the eye .
Blisters commonly develop as a result of unaccustomed friction on the hands or feet or at the site of a burn .
Blisters may be treated with antiseptics and dressings .
Blockade of beta receptors may cause constriction of air passages in the lungs and care has to be taken with the use of beta blockers in patients with any bronchial conditions .
Blockade of this metabolic pathway gives rise to phenylketonuria , which is associated with the excretion of large amounts of phenylalanine and phenylpyruvic acid in the urine and retarded mental development .
Blocking of speech may be a consequence of thought block or a result of a mechanical impediment in speech , such as stammering .
Blocking of thought , accompanied by the sensation of thoughts being removed from the mind , is a symptom of schizophrenia .
Blood - count investigations are important in the diagnosis of blood disease .
Blood - sugar estimation is an important investigation in a variety of diseases , most notably in diabetes mellitus .
Blood , supplied by branches of the renal artery , is filtered through a knot of capillaries ( glomerulus ) into the cupshaped Bowman 's capsule so that water , nitrogenous waste , and many other substances ( excluding colloids ) pass into the renal tubule .
Blood agar is nutrient agar containing 5 - 10 % horse blood , used for the cultivation of certain bacteria or for detecting haemolytic ( blood destroying ) activity .
Blood cells and platelets account for approximately 40 % of the total volume of the blood in health .
Blood coagulation is an essential mechanism for the arrest of bleeding ( haemostasis ) .
Blood draining from the abdominal viscera is thus diverted past the liver .
Blood flowing in the right direction flattens the cusps to the walls , but when flow is reversed the cusps become filled with blood or lymph and dilate to block the opening ( see illustration ) .
Blood in the pleural cavity , usually due to injury .
Blood is drained from the spleen , stomach , pancreas , and small and large intestines into veins that merge to form the portal vein leading to the liver .
Blood is taken from the body by tubes inserted into the superior and inferior venae cavae , and the oxygenated blood is returned under pressure into a large artery , such as the femoral artery .
Blood is withdrawn from the patients and allowed to settle in a container .
Blood must be kept at a temperature of 4oC and may be used up to three weeks after collection .
Blood normally contains 12 - 18 g / dl of haemoglobin .
Blood of group A contains antibodies to antigen B .
Blood of groups A and B contains antigens A and B , respectively , group AB contains both antigens and group O neither .
Blood of one group contains antibodies in the serum that react against the cells of other groups .
Blood poisoning ( septicaemia ) in a mother shortly after childbirth resulting from infection of the lining of the womb or the vagina , which have been torn or bruised during labour .
Blood poisoning by pus forming bateria released from an abscess .
Blood poisoning by toxins of saprophytic bacteria ( bacteria living on dead or decaying matter ) .
Blood poisoning that is caused by toxins formed by bacteria growing in a local site of infection .
Blood pressure is adjusted to its normal level by the sympathetic nervous system and hormonal controls .
Blood pressure is high , the urine contains proteins , and the ankles and other part swell because of the accumulation of water in the tissues ( oedema ) .
Blood pressure is measured in millimetres of mercury , by means of a sphygmomanometer at the brachial artery of the arm , where the pressure is most similar to that of blood leaving the heart .
Blood provides the transport medium for the gases between the lungs and tissue cells .
Blood transfusion is routine during major surgical operation in which much blood is likely to be lost .
Blood vessel clamps are to stop bleeding from the cut vessels .
Blood vessels are the means by which blood circulates throughout the body .
Blood vessels near the site of injury are dilated so that blood flow is locally increased .
Bluish - purple discoloration of the hands and feet due to slow circulation of the blood through the small vessels in the skin .
BMR may be determined by the direct method , in which the subject is placed in a respiratory chamber and the amount of heat evolved is measured , or ( more normally ) by the indirect method , based on the respiratory quotient .
Body lice are destroyed by dusting the body and clothes with DDT powder .
Body temperature is accurately controlled by a small area at the base of the brain ( the hypothalamus ) .
Boiling Fehling 's solution ( equal amounts of Fehling 's I and II ) is added to an equal volume of boiling urine ; a yellowish or brownsh coloration indicates the presence of sugar .
Boils usually heal when the pus is released or with antibiotic treatment , though occasionally they may cause more widespread infection .
Bonding may be mechanical ( see acid - etch technique ) or chemical , by the use of adhesive cements .
Bone growth may also be retarded , causing stunting and deformity .
Bones not only form the skeleton but also acts as stores for mineral salts and play an important part in the formation of blood cells .
Borax and boric acid are used in mouth and nasal washes , gargles , eye lotions and contact - lens solution , and in dusting powder .
Both disease are treated with antibiotics ( such as amphotericin ) .
Both forms are treated by antibiotics in high dosage , and in some cases drainage by surgery may be necessary .
Both forms of the vitamin are equally active .
Both induction and recovery are more rapid than with ether .
Both infections respond well to penicillin .
Both must be drained out to allow the lung to expand normally .
Both reflux and idiopathic megaureter progress to urinary infection and renal impairment .
Both species , also known as the New and Old World hookworms respectively , are of great medical importance ( see hookworm disease ) .
Both these groups contain many parasites of medical importance .
Both types of colour bliness are probably inherited .
Bougies are used in diagnosis and treatment , particularly by enlarging strictures ( for example , in the urethra ) .
Bradycardia may also result from arrahythmias , especially complete heart block , when the slowing is often extreme and often causes loss of consciousness .
Bradykinin is a very powerful vasodilator and cause contraction of smooth muscle .
Brain cells cannot live for more than about four minutes without oxygen .
Branches of this vein pass in between the lobules and terminate in the sinusoids ( see illustration ) .
Breakage of a bone , either complete or incomplete .
Breakdown of proteins found in the body yields the following amino acids : alanine , arginine , asparagine , aspartic acid , cysteine , cystine , glutamic acid , glutamine glycine , histidine , isoleucine , leucine , lysine , methionine , phenylalanine , proline , serine , threonine , tryptophan , tyrosine , and valine .
Breakdown of visual purple gives rise to nerve impulses .
Breath sounds transmitted through consolidated lungs in pneumonia are louder and harsher .
Breathing at an abnomally rapid rate at rest .
Breathing at an abnormally slow rate , which results in an increased amount of carbon dioxide in the blood .
Breathing is harsh and difficult ( see stridor ) ; and the cough is painful and honking .
Breathing is part of respiration and is sometimes called external respiration .
Breathing is rapid , laboured , and shallow , and microscopic examinations of lung tissue in fatal cases has revealed the presence of hyaline material in the collapsed air sacs .
Breathing movements seen in patients with broken ribs : on inhalation the chest wall moves in instead of out , and vice versa exhalation .
Breathing that is abnormally deep in relation to the amount of physical exercise may lead to respiratory alkalosis .
Breathlessness on effort , angina pectoris , and fainting may follow .
Breathlessness that prevents the patient from lying down , so that he has to sleep propped up in bed or sitting in a chair .
Brief spontaneous contraction of a few muscle fibres , which is seen as a flicker of movement under the skin .
Bright light reaching the retina stimulates nerves of the parasympathetic nervous system , which cause the pupil to contract .
Bronchial asthma may be precipitated by exposure to one or more of a large range of stimuli , including allergens ( including some drugs , such as aspirin ) , exertion , emotions and infections .
Bronchioles open from the fifth or sixth generation of bronchi and extend for up to 20 more generations before reaching the terminal bronchioles .
Brown sugar is less highly refined sucrose .
Brownish - red pigment formed during the metabolism of the bile pigments biliverdin and bilirubin , which are derived from haemoglobin .
Brucella ring test is a diagnostic test for brucellosis involving the clumping together of a standard Brucella strain by antibodies in an infected person 's serum .
Brucellosis may also involve the spinal cord , producing myelitis with paralysis of both legs , sometimes called meningomyelitis .
Brugia undergoes part of its development in mosquitoes of the genera Anopheles and Mansonia , which transmit the parasite from host to host .
Bruises , grazes , tears , cuts , punctures , and burns are all example of wounds .
Bubonic plague , the most common form of the disease , has an incubation period of 2 - 6 days .
Bulging of the cornea at the site of scar tissue ( which is thinner than normal corneal tissue ) .
Bulging or pouching of the rectum , usually a forward protrusion of the rectum into the vagina in association with prolapse of the womb .
Bundle of nerve fibres that crosses the midline of the central nervous system , often connecting similar structures on each side .
Bundles of nerve fibres running together form a nerve .
Bunions are usually caused by ill - fitting shoes and may require surgical treatment .
Burns cause swelling and blistering , due to loss of plasma from damaged blood vessels .
Burns may also lead to bacterial infection , which can be prevented by administration of antibiotics .
Burs are mainly used for cutting cavities in teeth .
Bursae occur where parts move one another , they help to reduce friction .
But it should always be reported to a doctor .
By adjustment of the shape of the lens ( see accommodation ) light is focused through the vitreous humour onto the retina .
By examining the bones of specimens of Neanderthal man it has been discovered that spinal arthritis was a disease that existed at least 50,000 years ago 
By having long handles and short beaks they provide considerable leverage .
By increasing the effective size of the ovum they may assist its entrance into the end of the Fallopian tube .
By injecting it into the blood and measuring the amount that appears in the urine over a given period , it is possible to calculate how much filtrate the kidneys are producing in a given time .
By injecting this vaccine back into the patient , it was hoped that the body 's resistance to the infection would be stimulated .
By interpreting the way the shadows move when he moves the instrument , and by altering them by lenses held in his other hand near the subject 's eye , he is able to detect long - or short - sightedness or astigmatism and to determine its degree .
By its uncontrolled and irregular secretion of the hormones adrenaline and noradrenaline , the tumour causes attacks of raised blood pressure , increased heart rate , palpitations , and headache .
By many repetitions of this exchange , red blood cells liable to be destroyed and bilirubin released from those already destroyed are removed , while keeping the baby 's blood volume and number of red cells constant .
By means of large mouth hooks , it attaches itself to the conjunctiva of the eye , causing a painful miiasis that may result in loss of sight .
By producing a highly acidic environment in the intestine they may also prevent infection by pathogenic bacteria that cannot tolerate such conditions .
By scanning the body , section by section , a " map " of the radioactivity in various regions is built up , aiding the diagnosis of cancer or other disorders .
By their constriction and dilation , under the regulation of the sympathetic nervous system , arterioles are the principal controllers of blood flow and pressure .
C . botulinum grows freely in badly preserved canned foods , producing a toxin causing serious food poisoning ( botulism ) .
C . histolyticum , C . oedematiens , and C . septicum all cause gas gangrene when they infect wounds .
C . tetani lives as a harmless commensal in the intestine of animals and man but causes tetanus on contamination of wounds ( with manured soil ) .
Cachexia associated with the spread of the skin cancer melanoma .
Calamine lotion eases the irritation of the bites .
Calcium is an important constituent of bones and teeth .
Calculi in the urinary tract are commonly composed of calcium oxalate and are usually visible on X - ray examination .
Callus formation is an essential part of the process of healthy union in a tractured bone .
Campimetry allows examination only of that part of the field of vision within 30o in all directions from the centre .
Canaliculi occur , for example , in compact bone , linking lacunae containing bone cells .
Cancer arising in the epithelium of the air passages ( bronchial cancer ) or lung .
Candidiasis of the mouth appears as white patches on the tongue or inside the cheeks .
Candidiasis sometimes develops in patients receiving broad - spectrum antibiotics .
Cannabis has no therapeutic value and its use is illegal .
Capable of causing erection or becoming erect .
Capable of inhibiting or retarding the growth and multiplication of bacteria .
Capillaries form networks in most tissues .
Capreomycin is poorly absorbed from the gastro - intestinal tract and therefore must be administered by intramuscular injection .
Carbohydrate with a sweet taste , used by diabetics as a substitute for cane sugar .
Carbohydrates are important as a source of energy .
Carbon dioxide occurs in small amounts in the atmosphere .
Carbon monoxide is present in coal gas and motor exhaust fumes . Formula : CO .
Carboxyhaemoglobin is incapable of transporting oxygen to the tissues and this is the cause of death in carbon monoxide poisoning .
Carcinoma that has spread widely throughout the body .
Cardiac asthma occurs in left ventricular heart failure and must be distinguished from bronchial asthma , for which the treatment is different .
Cardiac catheterization entails the introduction of special catheters into the arteries and veins of the arms or legs through which their tips are manipulated into the various chambers of the heart .
Cardiac catheterization provides data on pressures of blood flow within the various chambers of the heart .
Carefully controlled doses are used in radiotherapy .
Carpopedal spasm affect the muscles of the hands and feet and is caused by a deficiency of available calcium in the body .
Carrying away from or down from , relating to the vas deferents .
Case work involves identifying the cause of the client 's problem and , where appropriate , advising how best to correct it and adapt to the circumstances .
Casein is precipitated out of milk in acid conditions or by the action of renin .
Casein is very easily prepared and is useful as a protein supplement , particularly in the treatment of malnutrition .
Caseous necrosis occurs in pulmonary tuberculosis , the lung tissue becoming soft , dry , and cheeselike .
Cash payments ( supplementary benefit ) may be made from exchequer funds providing the applicants qualify in a means test .
Castration in childhood causes failure of sexual development but when done in adult life ( usually as part of hormonal treatment for cancer ) it produces less marked physical changes in both sexes .
Castration inevitably causes sterility but it need not cause impotence or loss of sexual desire .
Cataract is treated by surgical removal of the affected lens ( cataract extraction ) .
Cataracts may also result from direct or indirect injury to the lens and prolonged exposure of the eye to infrared rays ( e . g . glass - blowers ' cataract ) or ionising radiation .
Cattle are the usual hosts for the parasitic maggots , but rare and accidental infections of man have occurred ( see myiasis ) , especially in farm workers .
Cause include injuries , syringomyelia , and leprosy .
Caused by a virus , warts are commoner is young people , usually occurring on the face , fingers , hands , elbows , and knees .
Caused by disease or dysfunction of the nervous system .
Causes include alcoholism ( alcoholic cirrhosis ) , viral hepatitis ( postnecrotic cirrhosis ) , chronic obstruction of the common bile duct ( secondary biliary cirrhosis ) , autoimmune diseases ( chronic aggressive hepatitis , primary biliary cirrhosis ) , and chronic heart failure ( cardiac cirrhosis ) .
Causes include infections ( such as tuberculosis ) , heart failure , portal hypertension , cirrhosis , and various cancers ( particularly of the ovary and liver ) .
Causes include intestinal obstruction , irrtable bowel syndrome , and aerophagy .
Causes include postoperative infection ( particularly after the stomach or bowel have been opened ) and perforation of an organ ( e . g . perforated peptic ulcer ) .
Causes include simple overactivity of the gland , a hormone - secreting benign tumour or carcinoma of the thyroid , and Graves 's disease ( exophthalmic goitre ) , in which there are additional symptoms including swelling of the neck ( goitre ) due to enlargement of the gland and protrusion of the eyes ( exophthalmos ) .
Causing , associated with , or resulting from destruction of red blood cells .
Causing caries , particularly dental caries .
Causing or concerned with movements of the eye .
Caustic agents may be used to remove dead skin , warts , etc . , but care must be taken not to damage the surrounding area .
Caustic substance having strong zinc chloride astringent properties .
Cell division during the formation of gametes is by meiosis .
Cell division to produce more body cells is by mitosis .
Cells contain cytoplasm , in which are suspended a nucleus and other structures ( organelles ) specialized to carry out particular activities in the cell ( see illustration ) .
Cells of the gastric glands that secrete hydrochloric acid in the fundic region of the stomach .
Cells of the neural crest migrate throughout the embryo and develop into sensory nerve cells and peripheral nerve cells of the autonomic nervous system .
Cells that stain readily with silver salts .
Cells with cytoplasmic processes that form intercellular bridges .
Cellulose cannot be digested by man and is a component of dietary fibre ( roughage ) .
Centrencephalic epilepsy is associated with a congenital predisposition to fits .
Centrioles are involved in the formation of the spindle and aster during cell division .
Cerebellar ataxia , a partial loss of pain sensation in the face , and weakness of the tongue and palate may occur .
Cerebral diplegia is a form of cerebral palsy in which there is widespread damage , in both cerebral hemispheres , of the brain cells that control the movements of the limbs .
Cerebrospinal fluid circulates through all the cavities .
Certain amino acids present in the body are not found in proteins , these include citrulline , ornithine , taurine , and gamma - aminobutyric acid .
Certain parasitic species suck blood from animals and man , and their bites cause irritation and , occasionally , infection .
Certain physical illnesses , including asthma , eczema , and peptic ulcer , are thought to be in part a response to psychological and social stresses .
Certain species are important as vectors of filariasis ( see also Wuchereria ) and viral encephalitis .
Certain species in Africa may transmit the tropical disease loiasis to man .
Certain species transmit tick typhus in the Old World , H . spinigera transmits the virus causing Kyasanur Forest disease in India .
Certain types of mole can become malignant .
Cervical adenitis affects the lymph glands in the neck .
Cervical amnioscopy , performed late in pregnancy , enables the amniotic sac to be inspected through the neck of the womb , using a different instrument .
Cessation of breathing as a result of drowning , smothering , etc . , leading to unconsciousness or death ( see asphyxia ) .
Changes in the genetic code result in the insertion of incorrect amino acids in a protein chain , giving a mutation .
Characteristic side - effects include dry mouth , thirst , blurred vision , dry skin , increased heart rate , and difficult in urination .
Characteristically there is weakness and wasting of the muscle in the hands with a loss of awareness of pain and temperature .
Characteristically they are short , mentally retarded , and have a webbed neck ; other developmental defects are common .
Characteristics controlled by polygenes are usually of a quantitative nature , e . g . height .
Characterized by a decrease in muscle tone ( e . g . flaccid paralysis ) .
Charcot - Bouchard aneurysms are small aneurysms found on tiny arteries within the brain of elderly and hypertensive subjects .
Cheese is therefore not advised when such drugs are prescibed .
Chelating agents often form the active centres of enzymes .
Chemical digestion begins in the mouth with the action of saliva on food , but most of it takes place in the stomach and small intestine , where the food is subjected to gastric juice , pancreatic juice , and succus entericus .
Chemical substance released from nerve endings to transmit impulses across synapses to other nerves and across the minute gaps between the nerves and the muscles or glands that they supply .
Chemically , all contain a benzene ring with adjacent hydroxyl groups ( catechol ) and an amine group on a side chain .
Chemically , antibodies are proteins of the globulin type .
Chemoautotrophic ( chemosynthetic ) organisms obtain energy from inorganic chemical reactions .
Chemoreceptors are found in the taste buds and in the mucous membranes of the nose .
Chest pain may occur from pressure on surrounding structures or from the reduced blood supply to the heart .
Chiasmata occur from the end of prophase to anaphase and represent the point at which mutual exchange of genetic material takes place ( see crossing over ) .
Chilblains form part of a group of related conditions .
Child abuse may be triggered by such crises as an unwanted pregnancy , unemployment , and debts , frequently , signs of older bruises , fractures , ect . , are revealed when the child is brought for treatment .
Childbirth may be made difficult because the placenta hinders the movement of the infant through the vagina and delivery by Caesarean section may be necessary .
Children are born with about 20 million alveoli .
Children with such beliefs are treated with encouragement to engage in the activities appropriate to their biological sex and to work through their difficulties in psychotherapy .
Children with urinary infection must be investigated for reflux by cystoscopy .
Chlamydia trachomatis is the causative agent of the eye disease trachoma .
Chlorhexidine is used in solution , creams , gels , and lozenges and in some preparations is combined with cetrimide .
Chlormadinone produces variations in the length of the menstrual cycle and abnormal bleeding , nausea , vomiting , and weight gain may also occur .
Chlorohaemin forms characteristic crystals , the identification of which provides the basis of a chemical test for blood stains .
Chlorpromazine is administered by mouth or injection or as a rectal suppository .
Cholelithiasis is treated by surgical removal of the gall bladder or the stones themselves .
Cholesteatomas occur mainly in the middle ear and , by pressure , cause destruction of surrounding structures .
Cholesterol and its esters are important constituents of cell membranes and are precursors of many steroid hormones and bile salts .
Cholesterol is also a constituent of gallstones .
Cholesterol is synthesized in the body from acetate , mainly in the liver , and blood concentration is normally 140 - 300 mg / 100 ml ( 3.6 - 7.8 mmol / l ) .
Choline is sometimes classified as a vitamin but , although it is essential for life , it can be synthesized in the body .
Chondromalacia patellae is a roughening of the inner surface of the kneecap , resulting in a pain , a grating sensation , and a feeling of instability on movement .
Chorionepithelioma , which rapidly invades and caused secondary deposits , is highly malignant .
Chorionic willi are folds of the chorion ( the outer membrane surrounding a festus ) .
Chromatids can be seen between early prophase and metaphase in miosis and between diplotene and the second metaphase of meiosis , after which they divide at the centromere to form daughter chromosomes .
Chromatin found only in female cells and believed to represent a single X chromosome in a nondividing cell .
Chromosome material ( see chromatin ) that stains most deeply during mitosis and represents the major genes .
Chromosome material ( see chromatin ) that stains most deeply when the cell is not dividing .
Chromosomes are nucleoproteins containing DNA .
Chronic appendicitis was a popular diagnosis 20 - 50 years ago to explain recurrent pains in the lower abdomen .
Chronic arthritis developing in children before the age of 16 .
Chronic cholecystitis is often associated with gallstones and causes recurrent episodes of upper abdominal pain .
Chronic compressed air illness may cause damage to the bones ( avascular necrosis ) , heart , and lungs .
Chronic constrictive pericarditis is treated by surgical removal of the pericardium ( pericardectomy ) .
Chronic cystic mastitis has a different cause and does not involve inflammation .
Chronic disease often causes partial obstruction of the intestine , leading to pain , diarrhoea , and malabsorption .
Chronic diseases such as rickets , renal failure , and intestinal malabsorption .
Chronic gastritis is associated with smoking and chronic alcoholism and may be caused by bile entering the stomach from the duodenum .
Chronic gingivitis is an early stage of periodontal disease but is reversible with good oral hygiene .
Chronic inflammation of the inner portion of the wall of an artery , which most often results from late syphilis .
Chronic inflammation of the thyroid gland ( thyroiditis ) due to the formation of antibodies against normal thyroid tissue ( autoantibodies ) .
Chronic inflammation of the walls of the lung alveoli is usually caused by inhaled inorganic dusts ( see pneumoconiosis ) or organic dusts ( see farmer 's lung ) .
Chronic irritating eruptions occur , resembling eczema or psoriasis .
Chronic irritation by various chemicals can give rise to dermatitis .
Chronic osteomyelitis may follow the acute form or develop insidiously .
Chronic painful stiffness of the shoulder joint .
Chronic pancreatitis may produce symptoms similar to relapsing pancreatitis or may be painless .
Chronic paronychia is usually caused by the fungus Candida or it can occur in psoriasis .
Chronic periathritis , which may be spontaneous or follow injury , is a common cause of pain and stiffness of the shoulder .
Chronic periostitis causes thickening of the underlying bone , which is evident on X - ray .
Chronic periostitis sometimes follows but is more often due to an inflammatory disease , such as tuberculosis or syphilis , or to a chronic ulcer overlying the bone involved .
Chronic poisoning causes mouth ulceration , loose teeth , loss of appetite , and intestinal and renal disturbances , with anaemia and nervous irritability .
Chronic thyroiditis is commonly caused by an abnormal immune response ( see autoimmunity ) in which lymphocytes invade the tissues of the gland .
Chronic ulcerative blepharitis is characterized by yellow crusts overlying ulcers of the lid margins .
Cilia are particularly characteristic of the epithelium that lines the upper respiratory tract , where their beating serves to remove particles of dust and other foreign material .
Cirrhosis cannot be cured but its progress may be stopped if the cause can be removed .
Citric acid is formed in the first stage of the Krebs cycle , the important energy - producing cycle in the body .
Clairvoyance is the extrasensory perception of current events .
Classification of endogenous eczema is based on its appearance and site .
Cleft palates can be corrected by surgery .
Clinical pathology is the application of the knowledge gained to the treatment of patients .
Closure of the larynx , obstructing the flow of air to the lungs .
Closure of the outlet of the stomach ( pylorus ) due to muscle spasm , leading to delay in the passage of stomach contents to the duodenum and vomiting .
Closure of the vocal cords by sudden contraction of the laryngeal muscles , followed by a noisy in drawing of breath .
Clubbing is seen in pulmonary tuberculosis , bronchiectasis , empyema , infective endocarditis , cyanotic congenital heart disease , and lung cancer and as a harmless congenital abnormality .
Clumsily uncoordinated movements found in patients with disease of the cerebellum .
Clumsiness in performing rapidly alternating movements .
Coarse , lumpy , clotted , often used to describe the appearance of the center of wounds or diseased cells or the surface of a bacterial culture .
Cobalt itself forms part of the vitamin B12 molecule .
Coenzymes , which frequently contain the B vitamins in their molecular structure , include coenzyme A , FAD , and NAD .
Cofactors include coenzymes and metal ions ( e . g . sodium and potassium ions ) .
Cold - blooded : being unable to regulate the body temperature , which fluctuates according to that of the surroundings .
Colic arising from the small intestine is felt in the upper abdomen .
Colic from the colon is felt in the lower abdomen .
Colistin is a mixture of antimicrobial substances produced by a strain of the bacterium Bacillus polymyxa .
Colitis may be due to infection by Entamoeba histolytica ( amoebic colitis ) or bacteria ( infective colitis ) .
Collagen diseases , which affect any part of the body in which collagen is found , include dermatomyositis , lupus erythematosus , and polyarteritis nodosa .
Collagen is also found in skin , bone , cartilage , and ligaments .
Collection of boils with multiple drainage channels .
Collections of dark - staining material , containing RNA , seen in the cell bodies of neurones on microscopic examination .
Colloquial , the deciduous teeth of young children .
Colonic diverticula , affecting the colon ( particularly the lowest portion ) , become commoner with increasing age and often cause no symptoms .
Coloration produced in the body by the deposition of one pigment , especially in excessive amounts .
Colour difference in the iris of the eye , which is usually congenital but is occasionally secondary to inflammation of the iris .
Coloured compounds - breakdown products of the blood pigment haemoglobin - that are excreted in bile .
Coloured rings seen around lights by people with acute congestive glaucoma and sometimes by people with cataract .
Combinations of drugs may be needed to obtain optimum control .
Combined inflammation of the cornea and conjunctiva of the eye .
Combined inflammation of the optic nerve and the retina .
Common carriers are towels , bed - clothes , cups , and money .
Common causes are coronary thrombosis , hypertension , chronic disease of the valves , and arrhythmias .
Common causes are gastric and duodenal ulcers gastritis brought on by irritating food or drink , and varicose veins in the oesophagus .
Common manifestations are arthritis , neuritis , asthma , skin rashes , hypertension , kidney failure , and fever .
Common manifestations of microangiopathy are kidney failure , haemolysis ( damage to red blood cells ) , and purpura ( bleeding into the skin ) .
Common routes for injection are into the skin ( intracutaneous or intradermal ) ; below the skin ( subscutaneous ) , e . g . for insulin ; into a muscle ( intramuscular ) , for drugs that are slowly absorbed ; and into a vein ( intravenous ) , for drugs to be rapidly absorbed .
Common side - effects are digestive upsets and mouth ulcers and , more seriously nosebleeds and vomiting of blood .
Common side - effects are drowsiness and dizziness .
Common side - effects are drowsiness and dry mouth .
Common side - effects are dry mouth , blurred vision , insomnia , and unsteadiness in walking .
Common side - effects are dry mouth and blurred vision .
Common side - effects are dry mouth and drowsiness .
Common side - effects are headache , dizziness , and digestive upsets .
Common side - effects are loss of appetite , difficulty in swallowing , nausea , vomiting , and diarrhoea .
Common side - effects are mild digestive upsets .
Common side - effects are nausea , skin reactions , and muscular incoordination .
Common side - effects are nausea , vomiting , and particularly at high doses hair loss .
Common side - effects are nausea , vomiting , loss of appetite , and involuntary facial movements .
Common side - effects are nausea , vomiting and diarrhoea , and depression of bone marrow function .
Common side - effects are nausea and loss of appetite , and reduced blood potassium levels may develop .
Common side - effects are nausea and vomiting , and ergotism may develop as a result of high doses .
Common side - effects include constipation , diarrhoea , heartburn , and nausea .
Common side - effects include constipation , nausea , vomiting , dizziness and drowsiness , but dependence is uncommon .
Common side - effects include dizziness , fainting , oedema , and breathlessness .
Common side - effects include drowsiness , dizzines , dryness of mouth , muscular spasm and tremor , and amenorrhoea .
Common side - effects include drowsiness , dizziness , and muscular incoordination .
Common side - effects include drowsiness , dizziness , dry mouth , and a fall in blood pressure . .
Common side - effects include drowsiness , dizziness , dryness of mouth , muscular tremor and incoordination , and confusion .
Common side - effects include drowsiness , dizziness , dryness of the throat , and digestive upsets .
Common side - effects include drowsiness , dizziness , numbness , and tingling of limbs .
Common side - effects include dry mouth , blurred vision , and giddiness .
Common side - effects include dry mouth , blurred vision , constipation , sweating , and rapid heart beat .
Common side - effects include dry mouth , blurred vision , constipation , sweating , drowsiness , and reduced blood pressure .
Common side - effects include dryness of the throat , thirst , and impaired vision .
Common side - effects include flushing , dizziness , blurred vision , and weakness .
Common side - effects include headache , fever , muscle pains , and diarrhoea .
Common side - effects include mouth ulcers , itching , blood disorders , skin reactions , and inflammation of the colon and kidneys .
Common side - effects include nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , and depression of bone marrow function .
Common side - effects include nausea , vomiting , weakness , reduced blood pressure , and digestive disorders .
Common side - effects include nervousness , loss of muscular coordination , and insomnia .
Common side - effects include restlessness , insomnia , giddiness , and a fall in blood pressure .
Common side effects include flushing , gooseflesh , and tingling .
Common side effects include nervousness and dizziness .
Common sites are the back of the neck , forearm , upper inner thighs , inner side of knees , and outer side of ankle .
Commoner after the age of 50 , erythroderma affects men three times as often as women and it frequently develops from a preceding skin disease , such as psoriasis .
Commoner in old people , lentigo sometimes turns into a slow - growing skin cancer .
Commonly , the term is used for molluscum contagiosum , a virus disease that produces small rounded pearl - like swellings with craters containing broken down matter .
Commonly a plastic ball is buried in the socket to provide a firm base on which to fit an artificial eye .
Commonly infected areas are the groin , penis , nipples , and the skin between the fingers .
Commonly the condition is inherited and intermittent and is termed familial Mediterranean fever .
Commonly the symptoms are due to fibrositis ; wear and tear of the joints ( osteoarthritis ) ; or to inflammation of the muscles associated with abnormal immune reactions ( polymyalgia rheumatica ) .
Commonly they are features of catatonic schizophrenia but they are also seen in other conditions , including encephalitis and hysteria .
Communities consuming high - fibre diets very rarely have any of these diseases .
Community physicians undertake executive functions at each tier of the National Health Service , as Regional Medical Officer ( RMO ) or District Medical Officer ( DMO ) .
Compact ( or cortical ) bone forms the outer shell of bones .
Compact and osteoid osteomas are treated by surgical excision .
Comparatively good vision in poor light but poor vision in good illumination .
Compare cohort study , cross - sectional study .
Compare computerized axial tomography ( CAT ) .
Compare positron emission tomography ( PET ) .
Compared with the germ cells they appear large and pale .
Comparisions can then be made between individuals of different sexes , ages , and races to determine the difference between normal and abnormal development .
Comparison of a group of people who have a disease with another group free from that disease , in terms of variables in their backgrounds ( e . g . cigarette smoking in those who have died from lung cancer and in those dying from other causes ) .
Comparison of the annual number of admissions and fatalities in a given hospital in respect of a specific disease is known as the hospital fatality ratio .
Complement is involved with the breaking up ( lysis ) , agglutination , and opsonization of foreign cells .
Complete absence of the coagulation factor fibrinogen in the blood .
Complete compatibility exists between identical twins : a blood transfusion between identical twins will evoke no antibody formation in the recipient .
Complete penetrance occurs when the characteristic is seen in all individuals known to possess the gene .
Complete recovery may take 2 - 4 weeks effective immunity .
Complete recovery requires prolonged bed rest .
Complex insoluble chemical compounds that may be administered with the diet to alter the electrolyte balance of the body in the treatment of heart , kidney , and metabolic disorders .
Complex organisms such as man are built up of millions of cells that are specially adapted to carry out particular functions .
Complications affecting the nervous system occur in up to 50 % of cases .
Complications are rare but symptoms may persist for weeks before recovery .
Complications include bleeding , narrowing ( stricture ) of the oesophageal canal , and ulceration .
Complications include bleeding , perforation , and obstruction due to scarring .
Complications include portal hypertension , ascites , hepatic encephalopathy , and hepatoma .
Complications including thrombosis , phlebitis , and haemorrhage may occur .
Complications that may arise from hypertension include atherosclerosis , heart failure , cerebral haemorrhage , and kidney failure , but treatment may prevent their development .
Composite resins , unfilled resins , and glass ionomer cements have been used as fissure sealants .
Compound glands of the small intestine found in the doudenum and the upper part of the jejunum .
Compounds having the same molecular formula but different three - dimensional arrangements of their atoms .
Compression of the median nerve as it enters the palm of the hand ( see carpal tunnel ) .
Concentrations of various electrolyte levels can be altered by many diseases , in which electrolytes are lost from the body ( as in vomiting or diarrhoea ) or are not excreted and accumulate ( as in renal failure ) .
Concern with maternal mortality resulted in Britain in a special confidential enquiry being held into every such death to try and pinpoint the possible shortfall in resources or care .
Concomitant administration of mesna is recommended to prevent cystitis .
Condition of diminished and enfeebled activity .
Conditioning is used , with repeated pairing of some unpleasant stimulus with a stimulus related to the undesirable behaviour .
Conditions that mimic appendicitis include mesenteric lymphadenitis , acute ileitis ( see Crohn 's disease ) , pyelonephritis , and pneumonia .
Conductive deafness is due to a defect in the conduction of sound from the external ear to the internal ear , most commonly an infection affecting the small bones in the middle ear ( otitis media ) but also caused by an abnormal condition of the inner ear ( see otosclerosis ) that affects the conduction of sound .
Condyloma latum is an infectious warty lesion of the secondary stage .
Condylomas are infectious and are probably transmitted during sexual contact .
Confined or constricted so as to be immovable : applied particularly to a type of hernia .
Confirmation of the diagnosis is based upon electromyography and muscle biopsy .
Conflict has been used to explain the development of neurotic disorders , and the resolution of conflict remains an important part of psychoanalysis .
Congenital abnormality of the scapula ( shoulder blade ) , which is small and positioned high in the shoulder .
Congenital absence of all or part of one or more fingers .
Congenital absence of an enzyme , homogentisic acid oxidase , that is essential for the normal breakdown of the amino acids tyrosine and phenylalanine .
Congenital absence of one or both testes .
Congenital absence of one or more nails .
Congenital absence of the anus or its opening .
Congenital absence of the lower jaw , either partial or complete .
Congenital absence of the skull , either partial or complete , due to a developmental defect .
Congenital absence of the upper arm and upper leg , the hands or feet or both being attached to the trunk by a short stump .
Congenital absence or abnormal narrowing of a body opening .
Congenital absence or gross shortening ( aplasia ) of the distal portion of the arms or legs .
Congenital absence or gross shortening ( aplasia ) of the long bones of one or more limbs .
Congenital deficiency of caeruloplasmin leads to abnormalities of the brain and liver ( see Wilson 's disease ) .
Congenital fissures are transverse , whereas those due to disease ( such as syphilis ) are usually longitudinal .
Congenital fusion of the fingers or toes .
Congenital hip dislocation may result in a pseudarthrosis .
Congenital hypertrophic pyloric stenosis occurs in babies about 10 to 14 days old ( particularly boys ) in which the thickened pyloric muscle can be felt as a nodule .
Congenital inward bending of a finger , most commonly the little finger .
Congenital malformations include all disorders present at birth whether they are inherited or caused by an environmental factor .
Congenital narrowing of the outlet of the right ventricle of the heart to the pulmonary artery .
Congenital total absence of the arms or legs due to a developmental defect .
Congenital toxoplasmosis , in which a woman infected during pregnancy transmits the organism to her fetus , can produce blindness or mental retardation in the newborn .
Congenital types may be associated with other abnormalities of the eye .
Congestion may be associated with oedema ( accumulation of fluid in the tissues ) .
Conical cornea : an abnormal condition of the eye in which the cornea , instead of having a regular curvature comes to a rounded apex towards its centre .
Coniine has been included in drug preparations for the treatment of asthma and whooping cough .
Conjugation is comparable to sexual reproduction in higher organisms .
Conjunctivitis is caused by infection ( in which case it usually spreads rapidly to the other eye ) , allergy , or physical or chemical irritation .
Connecting the two hemispheres at the bottom of the longitudinal fissure is the corpus callosum , a massive bundle of nerve fibres .
Connective tissue forming membranous layers of variable thickness in all regions of the body .
Considerable force , exerted with weights , ropes , and pulleys , may be necessary to ensure that a broken femur is kept correctly positioned during the early stages of healing .
Considerable improvement in the results of treatment has occurred in recent years since the use of cytotoxic drugs as a routine .
Constant stress brings about changes in the balance of hormones in the body .
Constipation , indigestion , and some liver diseases may also cause the condition .
Constipation developing in a person of previously regular bowel habit may be a symptom of intestinal disease .
Constriction of an organ at its centre as a result of abnormal muscular contraction .
Constrictive pericarditis most often results from tubercular infection .
Contact lenses are used mainly in place of glasses to correct long and short sightedness and other errors of refraction , but they may be used in a protective capacity in some types of corneal disease .
Containing , stained , or covered with blood .
Containing a medicinal drug , applied to lotions , soaps , sweets , etc .
Containing bile , for example bilious vomiting is the vomiting of bile - containing fluid .
Continued application the skin black , and ingestion of silver nitrate may cause severe poisining .
Continuous murmurs are heard throughout systole and diastole .
Continuous recording of the elctrical activity of a muscle by means of electrodes inserted into the muscle fibres .
Contraction of an agonist is associated with relaxation of its antagonist .
Contraction of the thyrohyoid muscle raises the larynx .
Contractions of the sphincter partly or completely close the orifice .
Controlling the muscular walls of blood vessels , especially arteries , and therefore their diameter .
Convergent strabismus , a type of squint .
Conversely , if the blood glucose level is raised above its normal level , to 10 mmol / l , the condition of hyperglycaemia develops .
Convex lenses converge the light , and concave lenses diverge it .
Coproporphyrin is excreted in the faeces during the process of red blood cell formation .
Corneal grafts are taken from the eye of a recently dead individual to repair corneal opacity ( see keratoplasty ) .
Corneal microlenses cover only the cornea , while haptic lenses cover some of the surrounding sclera as well .
Coronary thrombosis may occur and venous thrombosis is common .
Coronary vasodilators , such as glyceryl trinitrate and pentaerithrytol , increase the blood flow through the heart and are used to relieve and prevent angina .
Corrosive oesophagitis is caused by the ingestion of caustic acid or alkali .
Cotton wool , foam rubber , or other material used to protect a part of the body from friction , bruising , or other unwanted contact .
Countertransference is the reaction of the therapist to the patient , which is similarly based on his own past relationships .
Countries such as France , where heavy drinking is socially acceptable , have the highest incidence .
Couples whose religious beliefs forbid the use of mechanical or hormonal contraceptives may use the rhythm method , in which intercourse is limited to those days in the menstrual cycle when conception is least likely .
Cow 's milk contains nearly all the essential nutrients but is comparatively deficient in vitamins C and D .
Crab lice are not known to transmit disease but their bites can irritate the skin ( see phthiriasis ) .
Cracks or long thin scars in the skin , particularly around the mouth or other areas of the body subjected to constant movement .
Cranial nerves VI - XII leave the brain in this region .
Creams and jellies containing chemical spermicides are used in conjunction with a diaphragm - as contraceptives .
Crenation may be a feature of certain blood disorders , but most commonly occurs as a result of prolonged storage of a blood specimen prior to preparation of a blood film .
Crepitations and rhonchi are sounds added to the breath sounds in abnormal states of the lung .
Crepitations are made either by air passages and alveoli ( air sacs ) opening up during inspiration or by air bubbling through fluid .
Crepitus in the kneejoint is a common sign of chondromalacia patellae in the young and osteoarthritis in the elderly .
Cresol solutions irritate the skin and if taken by mouth are corrosive and cause pain , nausea , and vomiting .
Cross - sensitivity with Penicillin may occur and the principal side - effects are allergic reactions and irritation of the digestive tract .
Cross - sensitivity with the Penicillins may occur and cephaloglycin should by used with caution in patients known to be sensitive to these drugs .
Cryoglobulins become insoluble at low temperatures , leading to obstruction of small blood vessels in the fingers and toes in cold weather and producing a charateristic rash .
Cryosurgery is commonly used for the removal of cataracts and the destruction of certain bone tumours .
Cryosurgery is usually undertaken with an instrument called a cryoprobe , which has a fine tip cooled by allowing carbon dioxide or nitrous oxide gas to expand within it .
Crystal violet is administered by mouth , as pessaries , or as ointments , paints , and solutions .
Crystals of uric acid are deposited in the joints of people suffering from gout .
Cuneiform bones - that articulate respectively with the first , second , and third metatarsal bones in front .
Curettage is usually performed to remove diseased tissue or to obtain a specimen for diagnostic purposes .
Current treatment of a localized tumour is usually by surgery , with or without radiotherapy .
Cutaneous leishmaniasis itself has several different forms , depending on the region in which it occurs and the species of Leishmania involved .
Cutting across the tissue of an organ ( see also section ) .
Cutting oils used in engineering also cause the disease .
Cyanides combine with and ernder inactive the enzymes of the tissues responsible for cellular respiration , and therefore they kill extremely quickly .
Cyanides give off a smell of bitter almonds .
Cyanosis is also seen in blue babies , because of congenital heart defects .
Cyanosis is associated with heart failure , lung diseases , the breathing of oxygen - deficient atmospheres , and asphyxia .
Cyclamates were used as sweetening agents in the food industry until 1969 , when their use was banned because they were suspected of causing cancer .
Cyclophosphamide is administered by mouth or by injection .
Cystography is most commonly performed to detect reflux of urine from the bladder to the ureters , usually in children ( see vesicoureteric reflex ) .
Cysts , passed out in the faeces , have tough outer coats that protect the parasites from unfavourable conditions .
Cysts may occur in the jaws : a dental cyst occurs at the apex of a tooth , a dentigerous cyst occurs around the crown of an unerupted tooth , and an eruption cyst forms over an erupting tooth .
Cytochromes act as electron transfer agents in biological oxidation - reduction reactions , particularly those associated with the mitochobdria in cellular respiration .
Cytoplasmic inheritance is known to occur in lower animals and in plants but has not so far been found in man .
Cytotoxic drugs , such as azathioprine , are depressants of the levels of white blood cells .
Cytotoxic drugs and hormone therapy are used for widespread disease .
Cytotoxic drugs destroy cancer cells by inhibiting cell division ( i . e . they are antimitotic ) but they also affect normal cells , particularly in bone marrow , skin , stomach lining , and fetal tissue , and dosage must be carefully controlled .
D . melanogaster has been extensively used in genetic research as it has only four pairs of chromosomes and those in its salivary glands are easily recognizable .
Daily injections of rabies vaccine , together with an injection of rabies antiserum , may prevent the disease from developing in a person bitten by an infected animal .
Damage , obstruction , or abnormal communication with other vessels will be seen where the medium does not fill the vein properly or apparently leaks from it .
Damage to the ligaments , vertebrae , spinal cord , or nerve roots in the neck region , caused by sudden jerking back of the head and neck .
Damage to the middle ear or Eustachian tube due to changes in atmospheric pressure associated with air travel .
Damage to the retina of the eye caused by looking at the sun without adequate protection for the eyes .
Damage to the skin by prolonged or unaccustomed exposure to the sun 's rays .
Damage to the tissues , caused by freezing .
Damage to the walls of the smallest blood vessels .
Dark adaptation involves activation of the rods - the cells of the retina that function best in dim light and the reflex enlargement of the pupil ( see pupillary reflex ) .
Day hospitals are mainly used for the treatment of elderly patients and those with mental disodres .
DDT and pyrethrum powders are used to destroy fleas in the home .
Dead organisms are used against cholera and typhoid .
Dead tissue , such as skin , that separates from healthy tissue after inflammmation or infection .
Deadly nightshade ( Atropa belladonna ) , a plant from which the drugs atropine and hyoscyamine are obtained .
Deafness , epilepsy , and dysarthria ( defective pronunciation ) may occur .
Deafness is progressive and may become very severe , but surgical treatment is highly effective ( see fenestration , stapedectomy ) .
Death and decay of part of the body due to deficiency or cessation of blood supply .
Death and decay of wound tissue infected by the soil bacterium Clostridium welchii .
Death by suicide in the UK declined by some 36 % in the period 1963 - 1975 , contrary to the general trend in other Western countries .
Death certificates are required by law in the majority of countries throughout the world .
Death from heart failure or general collapse can follow within four days but prompt administration of antitoxin and penicillin arrests the disease .
Death from kidney or heart failure occurs in over 50 % of cases .
Death may follow in cases of severe ill health and malnutrition .
Death of a segment of heart muscle , which follows interruption of its blood supply ( see coronary thrombosis ) .
Death rarely occurs , but the patient is left debilitated and requires considerable convalescence .
Decay and crumbling of the substance of a tooth ( see dental caries ) or a bone .
Decay and crumbling of the substance of a tooth .
Decidual endometritis occurs during pregnancy .
Decimal multiples of SI units are expressed using specified prefixes ; where possible a prefix representing 10 raised to a power that is a multiple of three should be used .
Declining sexual drive and fertility in men , usually occurring in middle age .
Decribing a substance , organism , or environment that is known to be a causal factor in the production of a tumour .
Decribing or relating to the fleshy prominent part of the palm of the hand below the little finger .
Defective sensory perception , including lack of balance , is always present in some degree , and intelligence is often impaired .
Defects in TSH production lead to over - or under - secretion of thyroid hormone .
Deficiancy of the clotting factor prothrombin in the blood , which results in an increased tendency to bleed .
Deficient absorption of food due to disease of the small intestine .
Definite evidence of pregnancy is provided by various pregnancy tests and by the detection of the heart beat of the fetus .
Deformity of a bone resulting from union of a fracture in which the bone ends are poorly aligned .
Degeneration may involve the deposition of calcium salts , fat ( see fatty degeneration ) , or fibrous tissue in the affected organ or tissue .
Degeneration of the intervertebral discs in the cervical . thoracic , or lumbar regions of the backbone .
Degeneration of the walls of the arteries due to the formation in them of fatty plaques and scar tissue .
Degeneration of the yellow fibres in connective tissues and skin ( see elastic tissue ) .
Degeneration of tissues to an earlier developmental form .
Degeneration or loss of function without apparent cause .
Dehydration follows fixation and precedes clearing .
Delay in eradicating the infection may lead to bone shortening and deformity .
Deliberate collapsing of the lung was a technique formerly used in the treatment of pulmonary tuberculosis .
Deliberate lowering of body temperature for therapeutic purposes .
Delivery of a child by Caesarean section after the mother 's death .
Delusions and hallucinations ( especially of voices ) are usual features , and the patient usually feels that his thoughts , sensations , and actions are controlled by , or shared with , others .
Delusions and hallucinations occur and thought processes may be altered .
Delusions of grandeur , such as being God or royalty , etc .
Demulcents form a protective film and are used in mouth washes , gargles , ect . , to soothe irritation or inflammation in the mouth .
Demyelination may be the primary disorder , as in multiple sclerosis , or it may occur after head injury or strokes .
Dendritic uclers tend to recur because the virus lies dormant in the tissues , years elapse between attacks .
Dengue occurs throughout the tropics and subtropics .
Denoting a bluish colour of the skin , such as that produced locally by a bruise or of the general complexion in cyanosis .
Denoting a disease or condition the cause of which is not known or that arises spontaneously .
Denoting a group of skin diseases that have this characteristic , including pityriaris rosea , seborrhoeic dermatitis , lichen planus , and psoriasis .
Denoting conditions occurring in adults that are recognizable in childhood , e . g . poliomyelitis ( infantile paralysis ) and infantile scurvy .
Denoting or relating to the tissues surrounding the teeth .
Dental caries is caused by the metabolism of the bacteria in plaque attached to the surface of the tooth .
Dental extraction forceps are specially designed to fit the various shapes of teeth .
Dental fluorosis is characterized by mottled enamel , which is opaque and may be stained .
Dental hypoplasia is the defective formation of parts of a tooth due to illnesses such as measles or starvation while the tooth is being formed .
Dentinogenesis imperfecta is a hereditary condition in which dentine formation is disturbed , resulting in loss of overlying enamel .
Dentists are included on the dental list of the appropriate Family Practitioner Committee and are independent contractors .
Denture hyperplasia is an overgrowth of fibrous tissue covered by mucous membrane , resulting from chronic irritation by a denture .
Denture sore mouth is a form of candidiasis related to inadequately cleaned denture bases .
Deodorant preparations often contain an antiseptic .
Deoxygenated blood from the venae cavae passes through the right atrium to the right ventricle .
Deoxygenated blood leaves the right ventricle by the pulmonary artery and is carried to the alveolar capillaries of the lungs .
Dependence of the amphetamine type can occur .
Dependence of the morphine type can also occur , but this is rare .
Dependence on " hard " drugs carries a high mortality , partly because overdosage may be fatal and partly because their casual injection intravenously may lead to infections such as hepatitis .
Depletion of plasma haptoglobin is a feature of anaemias in which red blood cells are destroyed inside the circulation with the release of haemoglobin into the plasma .
Depressed sexual feelings of a child for its opposite - sexed parent , combined with rivalry towards the same - sexed parent ; a normal stage of development , first described by Freud .
Depressions ( fossae ) at the front and back of the humerus accommodate the ulna and radius , respectively , when the arm is flexed or straightened .
Derived from or situated on the neural arch of a vertebra .
Dermatomyositis is often associated with internal cancer .
Describing a body type that has a well developed skeletal and muscular structure and a sturdy upright posture .
Describing a body type that is relatively fat , with highly developed viscera and weak muscular and skeletal development .
Describing a body type that is relatively thin , with a large skin surface in comparison to weight .
Describing a chemical reaction associated with the absorption of heat .
Describing a chemical reaction in which energy is released in the form of heat .
Describing a collection of long - standing personality traits , including stubbornness , meanness , an over - meticulous concern to be accurate in small details , a deposition to check things unnecessarily , severe feelings of insecurity about personal worth , and an excessive tendency to doubt evident facts .
Describing a condition or character that is found in some families but not in others .
Describing a condition or characteristic that is present in an individual at birth and is inherited from his parents .
Describing a condition or disorder contracted after birth and not attributable to hereditary causes .
Describing a condition or symptom that is of very sudden onset , severe , and of short duration .
Describing a condition that has resulted from treatment , as either an unforeseen or inevitable side - effect .
Describing a condition that is believed to have resulted from the interaction of genetic factors , usually polygenes , with an environmental factor or factors .
Describing a condition that is recognized at birth or that is believed to have been present since birth .
Describing a disease occurring in a region of the world far from where it might be expected .
Describing a disease of long duration involving very slow changes .
Describing a disease of rapid onset , severe symptoms , and brief duration .
Describing a disease process that is failing to heal or has persisted .
Describing a disease that is in an inactive or undetectable phase .
Describing a disease that is suspected but is not sufficiently developed to produce definite signs and symptoms in the patient .
Describing a disease that occurs only occasionally or in a few isolated places .
Describing a disease that progresses more rapidly than a chronic condition but does not become acute .
Describing a disorder that is not apparently attributable to an outside cause ; for example , essential hypertension .
Describing a gene ( or its corresponding characteristic ) whose effect is shown in the individual only when its allele is the same .
Describing a gland or type of secretion in which the entire cell disintegrates when the product is released .
Describing a growth that is not yet malignant but that is known to become so if left untreated .
Describing a kind of personality disorder characterized by instability and shallowness of feelings and by superficiality and a tendency to manipulate in personal relationships .
Describing a mental state characterized by fixed and logically elaborated delusions .
Describing a neurone in a nerve pathway that starts at a ganglion and ends at the muscle or gland that it supplied .
Describing a number of individuals , species , etc . , that have evolved from a single ancestral group .
Describing a number of individuals , species , etc . , that have evolved from more than one ancestral group .
Describing a part of the body whose blood supply has been interrupted by compression of a blood vessel , as may occur in a loop of intestine trapped in a hernia .
Describing a person who is endowed with extrasensory or psychokinetic powers .
Describing a personality disorder characterized by low energy , susceptibility to physical and emotional stress , and a diminished capacity for pleasure .
Describing a personality distinguished by such traits as excessive sensitivity to rejection by others , suspiciousness , hostility , and self - importance .
Describing a rash that consists of both macules and papules .
Describing a rash that is both papular and scaly .
Describing a sharp stabbing or cutting pain .
Describing a skin condition that has both vesicles ( blisters ) and pustules ( pusfilled blisters ) .
Describing a skin condition typified by having both vesicles ( blisters ) and papules ( raised spots ) .
Describing a skin rash resembling that of measles .
Describing a solution that has a greater osmotic pressure than another solution .
Describing a solution that has a lower osmotic pressure than another solution .
Describing a stage of leukaemia in which there is no increase in the number of white cells in the blood .
Describing a stain that is not removed from a specimen by washing with an acidic solution .
Describing a structure , such as a lens , that is flat on one side and concave on the other .
Describing a structure , such as a lens , that is flat on one side convex on the other .
Describing a structure within the body that cannot be detected ( or that can be detected only with difficulty ) by feeling with the hand .
Describing a substance that promotes the transport of fatty acids from the liver to the tissues or accelerates the utilization of fat in the liver itself .
Describing a symptom or sign that is characteristic of or unique to a particular disease .
Describing a symptom that is not due to organis disease , is produced unconsciously , and from which the individual derives some gain .
Describing a system of treatment based on experience or observation , rather than of logic or reason .
Describing a tissue that heals quickly after injury .
Describing a tissue that stains readily with osmium tetroxide .
Describing a tumour that does not invade and destroy the tissue in which it originates or spead to distant sites in the body , i . e . a tumour that is not cancerous .
Describing a tumour that invades and destroys the tissue in which it originates and can spread to other sites in the body via the bloodstream and lymphatic system .
Describing a type of cellular respiration in which foodstuffs ( carbohydrates ) are completely oxidized by atmospheric oxygen , with the production of maximum chemical energy from the foodstuffs .
Describing a type of cellular respiration in which foodstuffs ( usually carbohydrates ) are never completely oxidized because molecular oxygen is not used .
Describing a type of gland that loses part of its protoplasm when secreting .
Describing a type of secretion in which the glandular cells remain intact during the process of secretion .
Describing a unit of behaviour that is defined by its effect on the environment .
Describing a virus that can invade and affect many different tissues of the body , for example the nerves , skin , or liver , without showing a special affinity for any one of them .
Describing an action or function performed by an organ not normally involved in the function .
Describing an agent that break up blood clots ( thrombi ) .
Describing an approach to patient care in which the physical , mental , and social factors in the patient 's condition are taken into account , rather than just the diagnosed disease .
Describing an exudate of serum that contains a high proportion of the protein fibrin .
Describing an individual in whom the members of a pair of genes determining a particular characteristic are dissimilar .
Describing an individual in whom the members of a pair of genes determining a particular characteristic are identical .
Describing an individual who is sexually attached to both men and women .
Describing an individual who possesses the qualities of both sexes .
Describing an organism that is not restricted to one way of life .
Describing an organism that is restricted to one particular way of life ; for example , an obligate parasite cannot exist without a host .
Describing animal groups ( including most mammals ) in which the embroys develop within the body of the mother so that the young are bone alive rather than hatch from an egg .
Describing any deformity that displaces the hand or foot away from the midline .
Describing any deformity that displaces the hand or foot towards the midline .
Describing any disorder or condition that does not produce harmful effects .
Describing any disorder that becomes progressively worse untreated .
Describing any intense symptom , such as severe pain .
Describing any skin disease that resembles lichen .
Describing bacteria in which the flagella cover the entire cell surface .
Describing bacteria that have been stained and continue to hold the stain after treatment with an acidic solution .
Describing blood vessels that are deeply embedded in the tissues they supply .
Describing carcinomas that are stony hard to the touch .
Describing cells , nuclei , or organisms in which each chromosome except the Y sex chromosome is represented twice .
Describing cells , nuclei , or organisms with a single set of unpaired chromosomes .
Describing cells , tissue , or individuals in which there are three complete chromosome sets .
Describing cells , tissues , or individuals in which there are three or more complete sets of chromosomes .
Describing certain forms of cancer cell that are particularly susceptible to radiation and are likely to be dealt with successfully by radiotherapy .
Describing certain parts of the body , the physical stimulation of which leads to sexual arousal .
Describing characteristics that are expressed differently in the two sexes but are controlled by genes not on the sex chromosomes , e . g . baldness in men .
Describing chemical compounds containing carbon , found in all living systems .
Describing diseases that are highly dangerous or likely to result in death if untreated .
Describing drugs that induce changes in the level of consciousness of the mind .
Describing fibres in a nerve pathway that end in a ganglion , where they form synapses with postganglionic fibres that continue the pathway to the effectors organ , muscle or gland .
Describing genes ( or the characteristics controlled by them ) that are carried on the sex chromosomes , usually the X chromosome .
Describing genes that are carried on an unpaired chromosome , for example the genes on the X chromosome in man .
Describing germ - free conditions or a germ - free animal that has been inoculated with known microorganisms .
Describing impulses traveling " the wrong way " in a nerve fibre .
Describing lesions in the skin that are shaped like drops .
Describing mental illnesses that are precipitated by events in the psychological environment .
Describing mental processes of which a person is not aware .
Describing mental processes of which a person is not aware .
Describing microorganisms that grow best at very low oxygen concentrations ( i . e . below the atmospheric level ) .
Describing muscles that demonstrate an abnormal increase in tonicity .
Describing muscles that demonstrate diminished tonicity .
Describing muscles that have equal tonicity .
Describing nerve fibres , ending , or pathways that are concerned with the condition of pain .
Describing nerve fibres in tracts that descend from the cerebral cortex to the spinal cord , before the crossing over that occurs at the pyramid of the medulla oblongata .
Describing nerve fibres that release acetylcholine as a neurotransmitter .
Describing nerve fibres that release noradrenaline as a neurotransmitter .
Describing or characterized by very small nodules or lesions , resembling millet seed .
Describing or relating to a motor action that is evoked by an idea .
Describing or relating to a symptom that occurs before the typical symptoms of a disease .
Describing or relating to a tissue specimen that stains normally .
Describing or relating to sensory nerve fibres responsible for the fine degrees of sensation , as of temperature and touch .
Describing or relating to the front ( ventral ) portion of the body or limbs .
Describing or relating to the normal state of colour vision in which a person is sensitive to all three of the primary colours ( red , green and blue ) and can match any given colour by a mixture of these three .
Describing or relating to the phenomena , such as cessation of breathing or change in the ECG or EEG .
Describing or relating to the professions closely linked to the medical profession and working in conjunction with them .
Describing or relating to the region of the face , jaws , and related structures .
Describing organism , especially bacteria , that grow best at temperatures of 48 - 85oC .
Describing organisms ( know as heterotrophs ) that use complex organic compounds to synthesize their own organic materials .
Describing organisms ( known as autotrophs ) that synthesize their organic materials from carbon dioxyde and nitrates or ammonium compounds , using an external source of energy .
Describing organisms , especially bacteria , that grow best at temperatures of 0 - 25oC .
Describing organisms , especially bacteria , that grow best at temperatures of about 25 - 45oC .
Describing organisms or tissues that consists of a single cell .
Describing organs or parts that have similar functions in different organisms although they do not have the same evolutionary origin or development .
Describing scaling of skin in which the scales resemble bran or dandruff .
Describing solutions that have the same osmotic pressure .
Describing structures tissues , etc . , that are inserted or situated between other structures .
Describing sweat glands that are distributed all over the body .
Describing sweat glands that occur only in hairy parts of the body , especially the armpit and groin .
Describing tablets that are coated with a substance that enables them to pass through the stomach to the intestine unchanged .
Describing the ability to perceive only strong stimuli of pain , heat , etc .
Describing the distended knotted appearance of a varicose vein .
Describing the dorsoventral plane that extends down the long axis of the body , dividing it into right and left halves ( see illustration ) .
Describing the position of a patient lying face downwards , but with one or both kness flexed to one side so that the body is not lying completely flat .
Describing the sex that produces only one kind of gamete , which carries the same sex chromosome , and that therefore does not determine the sex of the offspring .
Describing the sex that produces two different kinds of gamete , which carry different sex chromosomes , and that therefore determines the sex of the offspring .
Describing the state in which the arterial blood pressure is within the normal range .
Describing the state of colour vision of those who can appreciate only two of the three primary colours .
Describing the surface of a tooth adjacent to the cheek .
Describing those stages in the life cycle of the malarial parasite ( see Plasmodium ) that develop in the cells of the liver .
Describing those stages in the life cycle of the malarial parasite ( see Plasmodium ) that develop inside the red blood cells ( see trophozoite ) .
Designating blood vessels that feed a capillary network in an organ or part .
Designating lymphatic vessels that enter a lymph node .
Designating nerves or neurones that convey impulses from sense organs and other receptors to the brain or spinal cord , i . e . any sensory nerve or neurone .
Designating nerves or neurones that convey impulses from the brain or spinal cord to muscles , glands , and other effectors ; i . e . any motor nerve or neurone .
Designating the surface of a tooth adjacent to the lips .
Designating the surface of a tooth towards the midline of the jaw .
Designating vessels or ducts that drain fluid ( such as lymph ) from an organ or part .
Destruction of red blood cells may lead to severe anaemia requiring blood transfusion .
Deterioration in the health of a tissue due to the deposition of abnormally large amounts of fat in its cells .
Determination of the power of refraction of the eye .
Development of excess body and facial hair , deepening of the voice , and increase in muscle bulk ( secondary male sexual characteristics ) in a female due to a hormone disorder or to hormone therapy .
Deviations of one eye come into the category of squint ( see strabismus ) .
Devices such as the Progestasert release small amounts of a contraceptive hormone drug .
Dextrin is used in the preparation of pharmaceutical products ( as an excipient ) and surgical dressings .
Dextromoramide is similar to morphine and can cause morphine - type dependence .
DHA , whose chairmen are appointed by the Secretary of State and the majority of their members by the RHA , are responsible for local planning , some of which may be delegated to districts .
Diabetes that starts in childhood or adolescence is usually more severe than that beginning in middle or old age .
Diagnosis is assisted by exmination of the pattern of distribution of affected joints , X - rays , blood tests , and examination of synovial fluid obtained by aspiration of a swollen joint .
Diagnosis is by a barium X - ray examination .
Diagnosis is by X - ray and by microscopic examination od samples of the bowel wall , which shows the absence of nerve cells .
Diagnosis is on the clinical symptoms and by X - ray .
Diagnosis of a condition whose signs and symptoms are shared by various other conditions .
Diagnostic procedures carried out on pregnant women in order to discover genetic or other abnormalities in the developing fetus .
Diapedesis is an important part of the reaction of tissues to injury ( see inflammation ) .
Diarrhoea or pain where inflammation is absent is often due to muscous colitis ( see irritable bowel syndrome ) .
Diarrhoea sometimes occurs and hypersensitivity reactions occur in penicillin sensitive patients .
Diarrhoea with the passage of undigested food in the faeces .
Diathermy provides a means of generating heat within the tissues themselves .
Diathermy snares and needles can be used to destroy unwanted tissue ( see electrocautery ) .
Dicoumarol has now largely been replaced in clinical use by phenindione or warfarin because it is slow acting , has unpredictable effects , and may produce bleeding from overdosage .
Dietary fibre falls into four groups : cellulose , hemicelluloses , lignins , and pectins .
Dietary fibre is considered by some to be helpful in the prevention of many of the disease of Western civilization , such as diverticulosis , constipation , appendicitis , obesity , and diabetes mellitus .
Dietary sources of iodine grown in soil containing iodide and also iodized table salt .
Differences between means are said to have statistical significance when they are greater than twice the standard error of those means , since the probability of this difference or a larger one occurring by chance is less than 5 % .
Differences in modality are not due to differences in the structure of the nerves concerned , but to differences in the working of the sensory receptors and the areas of brain that receive the messages .
Different allergies afflict different tissues and may have either local or general effects , varying from asthma and hay fever to severe dermatitis or gastroenteritis or extremely serious shock ( see anaphylaxis ) .
Different areas of cortex correspond to different parts of the body and to the various senses .
Different arrangements apply in Northern Ireland and Wales , where the appropriate Secretary of State is responsible and the regional tier is omitted .
Different schedules produce different effects on behaviour .
Different schools of psychology have used different methods and theories .
Different sensory nerves convey information about temperature , pain , touch , taste , etc . , to the brain .
Different stages of sleep are recognized by different EEG wave patterns .
Difficult birth , caused by abnormalities in the fetus or the mother .
Difficulty in reading at the usual distance ( about one foot from the eyes ) , and in performing other close work , due to the decline with age in the ability of the eye to alter its focus to see close objects clearly .
Difficulty in speaking due to a disorder of the larynx , vocal cords , tongue , or mouth .
Digested fats are absorbed into the lacteals .
Digested food is absorbed into the blood and lymph from the alimentary canal .
Digestion includes mechanical processes , such as chewing , churning , and grinding food , as well as the chemical action of digestive enzymes and other substances ( bile , acid , ect . ) .
Digestive distubances sometimes occurs with haematinics .
Digestive upsets , drowsiness , and diziness may occur , and prolonged use may lead to dependence .
Digestive upsets and headache may occur and the skin often turn yellow .
Digestive upsets and symptoms of cinchonism may occur as side - effects .
Digitoxin is administered by mouth or injection ; side - effects are those of digitalis .
Digoxin is administered by mouth or injection ; side - effects are those of digitalis .
Dihydroxyphenylalanine : a physiologically important compound that forms an intermediate stage in the synthesis of catecholamines ( dopamine , adrenaline , and noradrenaline ) from the essential amino acid tyrosine .
Dilatation , and sometimes lengthening , of the colon .
Dilatation of the lymphatic vessels , which is usually congenital and produces enlargement of various parts of the body ( e . g . the leg in Milroy 's disease ) .
Dilators are also used to enlarge the cannal in the neck of the womb in the procedure of dilatation and curettage .
Dilute solutions of some disinfectants may be used as antiseptics or as preservatives in solutions of eye drops or injections .
Dimethyl phthalate is used as a tick repellent .
Direct transfusion from one person to another is rarely performed ; usually bottles of carefully stored blood of different blood groups are kept in blood banks for use as necessary .
Discomfort in the ears due to changing air pressure during air travel .
Discomfort or pain , usually burning in character , that is felt behind breastbone and often appears to rise from the abdomen towards or into the throat .
Disease affecting a single peripheral nerve .
Disease is usually widespread , but in some cases is confined to a single area , such as the tonsil .
Disease of the tissues that support and attach the teeth - the gums , periodontal membrane , and alveolar bone .
Disease or damage may result in absence of the reflex .
Diseases are grouped either according to system ( e . g . cardiovascular , respiratory ) or type ( e . g . malignant growths , accidents ) .
Diseases that are found primarily in animals and sometimes affect man include anthrax , rabies , and leptopirosis .
Disinfectants and antiseptics are chemicals used to destroy bacteria .
Disintegration of the nuclei of certain elements , with the emission of energy in the form of alpha , beta , or gamma rays .
Dislocation of the shoulder is common in sports injuries , and congenital abnormalities may lead to repeated dislocations of the hip .
Disorders that disappear in these circumstances are regarded as manifestations of psychological disturbance and are classified as hysterical disorders .
Displacement from their normal position of bones meeting at a joint .
Displacement of the pupil towards one side from its normal position in the centre of the iris .
Dissection and examination of a body after death in order to determine the cause of death or the presence of disease processes .
Dissection of corpses is carried out for the study of anatomy .
Dissociation may be the main factor in cases of hysterical fugue and multiple personalities .
Dissolution of bone through disease ( see osteolysis ) .
Dissolution of bone through disease , commonly by infection or loss of the blood supply ( ischaemia ) to the bone .
Dissolution of the suspensory ligament of the lens of the eye ( the zonule of Zinn ) , which facilitates removal of the lens in cases of cataract .
Distension and dilatation of the pelvis of the kidney .
Distension of the abdomen with air or gas : the abdomen is resonant on percussion .
Distinction is usually made between attempted suicide , when death is averted although the person concerned intended to kill himself ( or herself ) , and parasuicide , when the attempt is made for reasons other than actually killing oneself .
Distinguished from osteosarcoma by J . Ewing in 1921 , it commonly arises in the limbs but may affect any bone .
Diuretics are also used in conjunction with other drugs in the treatment of high blood pressure .
Diuretics are used to reduce the oedema due to salt and water retention in disorders of the heart , kidneys , liver , or lungs .
Divergent strabismus : a type of squint .
Diverticula elsewhere in the alimentary tract are not subject to diverticulitis .
Division of the cytoplasm of a cell , which occurs at the end of cell division , to form two daughter cells .
Division of the nucleus ( karyokinesis ) takes place in four stages ( see prophase , metaphase , anaphase , telophase ) and is followed by division of the cytoplasm ( cytokinesis ) to form two daughter cells ( see illustration ) .
Division of the nucleus of a cell , which occurs during cell division before division of the cytoplasm ( cytokinesis ) .
Division of the nucleus of a cell by a process , not involving mitosis , in which the nucleus is constricted into two .
DNA is a nucleic acid composed of two strands made up of units called nucleotides ( see illustration ) .
Doses used to treat malaria have almost no side - effects , but prolonged use may cause blue - grey deposits on the cornea of the eye , fingernails , and hard palate .
Double vision , the simultaneous awareness of two images of the one object .
Double vision is always experienced , but the image from the deviating eye usually becomes ignored .
Doubling of the heart sounds , which may be heard in healthily individuals and shows variation with respiration due to slightly asynchronous closure of the heart valves .
Downward displacement ( prolapse ) of the female urethra through its external opening .
Downward displacement of an organ or a part from its normal position .
Downward pressure is applied to the womb through the abdominal wall in the direction of the birth canal .
Doxorubicin acts by interfering with the production of DNA and RNA ( see also antimetabolite ) .
Doxorubicin is the most important member of this group of compounds , which have wide activity against tumours .
Dracontiasis is common in India and West Africa but also occurs in Arabia , Iran , East Africa , and Afghanistan .
Drainage , combined with antibiotic treatment , is necessary , though the joint may already be severely damaged if diagnosis is late .
Drainage of urine from the kidney by a tube ( catheter ) passing through the kidney via the skin surface .
Drills usually have a water spay coolant .
Drinking water with a fluoride ion content of one part per million is effective in reducing caries throughout life when given during the years of tooth development .
Drooping of the upper eyelid , for which there are several causes .
Drops are put into the eye at regular intervals to improve the outflow of aqueous humour from the eye , and drops and tablets ( e . g . diuretics ) are used to reduce the production of aqueous humour .
Drowning , choking , and breathing poisonous gas all lead to asphyxia .
Drowsiness is a common side - effect and digestive upsets may occur .
Drowsiness is marked by short irregular waves ; as sleep deepen the waves become slower , larger , and more irregular .
Drug - induced parkinsonism may complicate the use of psychoactive substances , including the phenothiazines , butyropherones , and metoclopramine .
Drug are widely used for the prevention , diagnosis , and treatment of disease and for the relief of symptoms .
Drug dependence , with marked withdrawal symptoms , is easily produced by repeated administration .
Drug tolerance may develop after taking a particular drug over a long period of time .
Drug treatment ( with haloperidol ) is sometimes successful .
Drug treatment ( with sodium valproate or ethosuximide ) is usually effective .
Drug treatment and surgical removal of the thymus lessen the severity of the symtoms .
Drugs , dyes , cosmetics , and a host of other chemicals can cause rashes and dermatitis .
Drugs , such as phenothiazines , and behaviour therapy are sometimes used in treating the condition .
Drugs administered to a patient before an operation ( usually one in which an anaesthetic is used ) .
Drugs containing antimony are used in the treatment of this potentially fatal disease .
Drugs containing arsenic ( see tryparsamide ) are administered after the brain is affected .
Drugs in aerosol form may be administered by inhalation .
Drugs such as chlormezanone , diazepam , and mephensin are used to relieve skeletal muscular spasms in various spastic conditions , parkinsonism , and tetanus .
Drugs such as digitalis have positive inotropic action , stimulating heart muscle contractions and causing the heart rate to increase .
Drugs such as disulfiram ( antabuse ) , which cause vomiting if alcohol is taken , may help in treatment .
Drugs such as general anaesthetics , barbiturates , and opiates are depressants of the central nervous system and respiration .
Drugs such as guanethidine and methyldopa block the transmission of impulses along adrenergic nerves .
Drugs such as ipecacuanha are stimulant expectorants in small quantities .
Drugs such as paracetamol and phenacemide can cause liver damage at high doses or with prolonged use .
Drugs such as phentolamine , phenoxybenzamine , and tolazoline block alpha - adrenergic receptors , causing - in particular - dilation of peripheral blood vessels .
Drugs such as primaquine destroy gametocytes of the malaria parasite ( see Plasmodium ) , so interrupting the life cycle and preventing infection of the mosquito .
Drugs such as the phenothiazines or butyrophenones can also help .
Drugs that act as inhibitors of this enzyme are widely used in the treatment of depression ( see MAO inhibitor ) .
Drugs that act locally in the rectum or anus ( e . g . corticosteroids , local anaesthetics ) ; or drugs that are absorbed and act at other sites ( e . g . bronchodilators ) .
Drugs that suppress the immune reaction , such as steroids and cylosporin A , reduce the severity of the rejection .
Drugs used as antidotes to arsenic poisoning include dimercaprol .
Drugs used in the treatment of the disease include nitrogen mustard , vincristine , procarbazine , prednisone , chlorambucil , and vinblastine .
Drugs used include doxorubicin , vincristine , cyclophosphamide , and methotrexate .
Drugs with anticholinesterase activity include neostigmine and physostigmine .
Dry gangrene is death and withering of tissues caused simply by a cessation of local blood circulation .
Drying up , as may occur in tissues deprived of an adequate supply of water during dehydration or starvation .
Dryness and cracking of the corners of the mouth , sometimes with infection .
Dryness of the mouth resulting from diminished secretion of saliva .
Duodenal diverticula occur on the concave surface of the duodenal loop .
Dupp ( the second heart sound ) is due to closure of the aortic and pulmonary valves .
During cell division the chromatin becomes visible as chromosomes .
During childbirth the myometrium undergoes strong contractions to expel the fetus through the cervix and vagina .
During each fit , the breathings is arrested and the body is deprived of oxygen , resulting in further damage to the brain cells .
During ejaculation it secretes an alkaline fluid that forms part of the semen .
During excitation a polarized membrane becomes temporality depolarized and an action potential is set up .
During exertion this period shortens , so allowing the heart rate to increase .
During inhalation the diaphragm and intercostal muscles contract , which enlarges the chest cavity and draws air into the lungs .
During interphase there are usually two centrioles in the centrosome .
During its passage through the digestive tract it transmits information about internal conditions ( acidity , etc . ) that can be monitored by means of a radio receiver near the patient .
During periods of violent exertion the body requires extra energy , which is obtained by the breakdown of glucose in the absence of oxygen , after the available oxygen has been used up .
During pregnancy , a sharp tap with the fingers , applied to the womb through the abdominal wall or the vagina , causes the fetus to move away and then return to impart an answering tap to the examiner 's hand as it floats back to its original position .
During pregnancy menstruation is absent , there may be a great increase in appetite , and the breasts increase in size .
During pregnancy the breasts grow in this manner .
During repolarization ions diffuse back to restore the charge and the nerve becomes ready to transmit further impulses .
During strenuous exercise pyruvic acid is reduced to lactic acid , which may accummulate in the muscles and cause cramp .
During surgery , suction tubes are used to remove blood from the area of operation .
During the passage of a nerve impulse a temporary change in the molecular structure of the membrane allows a surge of ions across the membrane ( see action potential ) .
During the refractory period a normal stimulus will not bring about excitation of the cell , which is undergoing repolarization .
During transfusion the blood is allowed to drip , under gravity , through a needle inserted into one of the recipient 's veins .
During ventricular contraction , the atria relax and fill up again with blood .
Dwarfism is also associated with thyroid deficiency ( see cretinism ) , in which both physical and mental development is retarded .
Dysgerminomas are also known as large cell carcinomas or alveolar sarcomas of the ovary .
Dysgerminomas may occur from infancy to old age , but the average age of patients , is about 20 years .
Dyspeptic symptoms such as nausea , vomiting , loss of appetite , and abdominal discomfort , popularly ascribed to gastritis , are not due to inflammation of the stomach .
Dyspnoea can be due to obstruction to the flow of air into and out of the lungs ( as in bronchitis and asthma ) , various diseases , affecting the tissue of the lung ( including pneumoconiosis , emphysema , tuberculosis , and cancer ) , and heart disease .
E . coli - a lactose - fermenting species - is usually not harmful but under certain conditions can cause infection of the urinogenital tract and diarrhoea in children .
E . coli is harmless intestinal parasite .
E . gingivalis , found within the spaces between the teeth , is associated with periodontal disease and gingivitis .
E . granulosus produces a single large fluid - filled cyst , called unilocular hydatid , which gives rise internally to smaller daughter cysts .
E . histolytica invades and destroys the tissues of the intestinal wall , causing dysentery and ulceration of the gut wall , and the parasite may spread to the livers , where it produces an abscess ( see amoeboma ) .
E . multilocularis forms aggregates of many smaller cysts with a jelly - like matrix called an alveolar hydatid , and enlarges by budding off external daughter cysts .
E . rhusiopathiae is a widely distributed species causing the disease erysipelas in swine , which is transmissible to man .
Each arch contains a cartilage , a cranial nerve , and a blood vessel .
Each body ( somatic ) cell of an individual carries two factors ( genes ) for every characteristic and each gamete carries only one .
Each branches into the external iliac artery and the smaller internal iliac artery .
Each breast consists of glandular lobules - the milk - secreting areas - embedded in fatty tissue ( see illustration ) .
Each calyx receives urine from the urine - collecting tubes in one sector of the kidney .
Each cell has a particular number of chromosomes in its nucleus .
Each cell is bounded by a cell membrane of lipids and protein , which controls the passage of substances into and out of the cell .
Each cell is responsible for one length of axon , around which it twists as it grows , so that concentric layers of membrance envelop the axon .
Each chromosome can duplicate an exact copy of itself between each cell division ( see interphase ) so that each new cell formed receives a full set of chromosomes .
Each clavicle articulates laterally with the scapula and medially with the manubrium of the sternum ( breastbone ) .
Each codon consist of a section of the DNA molecule , and the order of the condons along the molecule deterimines the order of amino acids in each protein made in the cell .
Each consists of a core of nucleic acid ( DNA or RNA ) surrounded by a protien shell .
Each consists of three flaps , which maintain the flow of blood in one direction .
Each consists of two portions : the parietal portion lines the walls of the cavity , and the visceral portion covers the organs concerned .
Each contains a network of blood capillaries and a lacteal .
Each cotyledon contains a major branch of the umbilical blood vessels , which branch further into the numerous villi that make up the surface of the cotyledon .
Each ejaculate may contain 300 - 500 million sperms suspended in a fluid secreted by the prostate gland and seminal vesicles with a small contribution from Cowper 's glands .
Each enzyme requires certain conditions for optimum activity , particularly correct temperature and pH , the presence of coenzymes , and the absence of specific inhibitors .
Each eye has two eyelids consisting of skin , muscle , and connective tissue .
Each eye is contained in an orbit , and movement of the eye within the orbit is controlled by extrinsic eye muscles ( see illustration ) .
Each eyelid is lined with membrane ( conjunctiva ) and fringed with eyelashes .
Each fibre has a sheath , which in medullated nerve fibres is a relatively thick layer containing the fatty insulating material myelin .
Each gland has about 20 ducts , most of which open into the mouth directly above the gland .
Each gland has two parts , the medulla and cortex .
Each half communicates with the outside via the nostrils and with the nasopharynx through the posterior nares .
Each hemisphere has an outer layer of grey matter , the cerebral cortex , below which lies white matter containing the basal ganglia .
Each individual primary tumour has its own pattern of local behaviour and metastasis ; for example , bone metastasis is very common in breast cancer but very rare in cancer of the ovary .
Each is allocated a threedigit number for computerization and hence comparison of mortality and morbidity rates , both regionally and nationally .
Each is bounded by a double membrane , the inner being folded inwards to form projections ( cristae ) .
Each kidney is enclosed in a fibrous capsule and is composed of an outer cortex and an inner medulla .
Each lactiferous duct discharges through a separate orifice in the nipple .
Each lead represents the electrical activity of the heart as " viewed " from a different position on the body surface and may help to localize myocardial damage .
Each meiotic division is unequal , so that one large ovum is produced with a much smaller polar body .
Each movement is sudden but the resulting posture may be prolonged for a few seconds .
Each nerve contains about one million fibres that receive information from the rod and cone cells of the retina .
Each nerve has two roots , an anterior , carrying motor nerve fibres , and a posterior , carrying sensory fibers .
Each neurone has an enlarged portion , the cell body ( perikaryon ) , containing the nucleus ; from the body extend severeal processes ( dendrites ) through which impulses enter from their branches .
Each of the remaining digits has three phalanges .
Each organ may produce tumours showing a variety of histological types ; for example , the ovary may produce both mucinous and serous cystadenocarcinomas .
Each ovary contains numerous follicles , within which the ova develop ( see illustration ) , but only a small proportion of them reach maturity ( see Graafian follicle , oogenesis ) .
Each pair of factors segegates independently of all other pairs at meiosis , so that the gametes show all possible combinations of factors .
Each parasite ( sporozoite ) divides repeatedly to produce a schizont containing many merozoites .
Each phage acts specifically against a particular species of bacterium .
Each polygene has only a slight effect and the expression of a set of polygenes is the result of their combined interaction .
Each projection is first attached to an actin filament but contracts and releases it to become reattached at a different site .
Each ramus divides into a condyle and a coronoid process .
Each renal artery divides into an anterior and a posterior branch before entering the kidney .
Each telodendron finished as a teminal button , which takes part in a synapse or a neuromuscular junction .
Each terminal bronchiole conducts air to an acinus in the lung .
Each terminal bronchiole divides into a number of respiratory bronchioles , from which the alveoli open .
Each tier has a team of officers consisting of a medical officer ( see community physician ) , administrator , treasurer , and nursing officer .
Each tooth is embedded in a socket in part of the jawbone ( mandible or maxilla ) known as the alveolar bone ( or alveolus ) , to which it is attached by the periodontal membrane .
Each vertebra typically consists of a body , or centrum , from the back of which arises an arch of bone ( the neural arch ) enclosing a cavity ( the vertebral canal , or foramen ) through which the spinal cord passes .
Early cases can be treated with injections of neosalvarsan .
Early in development it is connected with the yolk sac outside the embryo via the umbilicus .
Early IUDs ( such as the Lippes loop ) were made of plastic ; later variants ( such as the Gravigard ) are covered with copper , which slowly dissolves and augments the contraceptive action .
Early skin lesions are obvious in the moist areas of the body ( mouth , armpits , and groin ) , and later there may be considerable destruction of the tissues of the skin , nasopharynx , and long bones .
Early treatment with sulphonamides or tetracyclines is usually effective .
Eating bread made with rye infected with the fungus has led to sporadic outbreaks of ergotism over the centuries .
Eclampsia is a threat to the life of both baby and mother .
Ecthyma heals more slowly than ordinary impetigo and causes scarring .
Ectopic beats are generally premature in timing .
Ectopic beats may be suppressed by drugs such as quinidine propranolol , and lignocaine .
Ectropion may also occur if the lining membrane ( conjunctiva ) of the lid is very thickened or if scarring causes contraction of the skin .
Eczema causes itching , with a red rash often accompanied by small blisters that weep and become crusted .
Eczematous dermatitis may result from direct irritation of the skin by a substance ( such as a chemical ) or it may be an allergic reaction to a particular substance that has been in contact with the skin , injected , or taken by mouth .
Edible mushrooms include the field and cultivated mushrooms ( Agaricus campestris and A . bisporus ) , the chanterelle ( Cantherellus cibarius ) , and the parasol ( Lepiota procera ) .
Eggs , passed out in the stools , may be transmitted to a new host in contaminated food or drink .
Eggs , passed out with the stools , hatch into larvae called miracidia , which penetrate an intermediate snail host .
Eggs are passed out in the sputum and the larvae undergo their development in two other hosts , a snail and a crab .
Eggs are passed out in the stools and the larvae undergo their development in two other hosts , a snail and a fish .
Eggs are passed out of the body with the faeces and human infection ( see trichurisis ) results from the consumption of water or food contaminated with faecal material .
Eggs are then ingested by an intermadiate host , in whose tissue the larval stages develop ( see plercercoid , cysticercus , hydatid ) .
Eggs present in the stools or urine of infected people undergo part of their larvai development within freshwater snails living in water contaminated with human sewage .
Eidetic imagery , commoner in children than adults , is the production of images of exceptional clarity , which may be recalled long after being first experienced .
Either corner of the eye , the angle at which the upper and lower eyelids meet .
Either kind of impotence may be due to a physical disease , such as diabetes ( organic ) or to a psychological or emotional problem ( psychogenic ) .
Either of a pair of approximately L - shaped bones of the face that contribute to the hard palate , the nasal cavity , and the orbits .
Either of a pair of bones forming the top and sides of the cranium .
Either of a pair of bones of the cranium .
Either of a pair of cylindrical blood sinuses that form the erectile tissue of the penis and clitoris .
Either of a pair of ducts that conduct spermatozoa from the epididymis to the urethra on ejaculation .
Either of a pair of fibrous strands of tissue that connect the gonals to the inguinal region in the fetus .
Either of a pair of male accessory sex glands that open into the vas deferens before it joins the urethra .
Either of a pair of narrow oblong bones that together form the bridge and root of the nose .
Either of a pair of openings that connect the abdominal cavity with the scrotum in the male fetus .
Either of a pair of tubes , 25 - 30 cm long , that conduct urine from the pelvis of kidneys to the bladder .
Either of a pair of tubes that conduct ova ( egg cells ) from the ovary to the womb ( see reproductive system ) .
Either of pair of bones that form the prominent part of the cheeks and contribute to the orbits .
Either of the pair of male sex organs that produce spermatozoa and secrete the male sex hormone androgen under the control of gonadotrophins from the pituitary gland .
Either of the pair of male sex organs within the scrotum .
Either of the pair of organs responsible for the excretion of nitrogenous wastes , principally urea , from the blood ( see illustration ) .
Either of the paired cup - shaped outgrowths of the embryonic brain that form the retina and iris of the eyes .
Either of the paired ducts that form adjacent to the mesonephric ducts in the embryo .
Either of the paired ridges of tissue that run along the dorsal surface of the abdominal cavity of the embryo .
Either of the two deep sockets , one on each side of the hip bone , into which the head of the thigh bone fits .
Either of the two lower chambres of the heart , which have thick muscular walls .
Either of the two main arteries in the neck whose branches supply the head and neck .
Either of the two protuberances on each side of the ankle : the lateral malleolus at the lower end of the fibula or the medial malleolus at the lower end of the tibia .
Either of the two protuberances that occur below the neck of the femur .
Either of the two pyramid - shaped cartilages that lie at the back of the larynx next to the upper edges of the cricoid cartilage .
Either of the two teeth on each side of each jaw behind the canines and in front of the molars in the adults dentition .
Either of the two upper chambers of the heart .
Either of the two valves in the heart situated at the origin of the aorta ( aortic valve ) and the pulmonary artery ( pulmonary valve ) .
Either of two arteries supplying blood to the neck and arms .
Either of two arteries that originate from the abdominal aorta and travel downwards to supply the testes .
Either of two circular muscles of the face .
Either of two compounds , sodium or calcium cyclamate , that are thirty times as sweet as sugar and , unlike saccharin , stable to heat .
Either of two large arteries arising from the abdominal aorta and supplying the kidneys .
Either of two large processes of the sphenoid bone .
Either of two main veins , conveying blood from the other veins to the right atrium of the heart .
Either of two muscles in the leg , extending from the tibia to the metatarsal bones of the foot .
Either of two muscles of the shoulder , extending from the scapula to the humerus .
Either of two muscles that cover the outer surface of the anterior wall of the pelvis ( the obturator externus and obturator internus ) and are responsible for lateral rotation of thigh and movements of the hip .
Either of two nematode worms , necator americanus or Ancylostoma duodenale , which live as parasites in the intestine of man .
Either of two nerves that supply the teeth .
Either of two organic acids , dna or RNA , present in the nucleus and in some cases the cytoplasm of all living cells .
Either of two peptides occurring naturally in the brain and having effects resembling those of morphine or other opiates .
Either of two superficial veins the leg , draining blood from the foot .
Either of two veins , one on each side of the neck , formed by the junction of the external jugular and subclavian veins .
Elastic bandaging is applied to the affected parts and the limbs are elevated and rested .
Elastic cartilage occurs in the external ear , and fibrocartilage in the intervertebral discs and tendons .
Elastic tissue is found in the dermis of the skin , in arterial walls , and in the walls of the alveoli of the lungs .
Elated mood leads to faulty judgment behaviour lacks the usual social restraints and the sexual drive is increased ; speech is rapid and animated .
Electrocoagulation , using a diathermy knife , permits bloodless incisions to be made during operation .
Electrodes connected to the recoding apparatus ( electrocardiograph ) are placed on the skin of the four limbs and chest wall ; the record itself is called an electrocardiogram ( ECG ) .
Electroencephalography is used to detect and locate structural disease , such as tumours , in the brain .
Electromagnetic radiation of extremely short wavelength ( beyond the ultraviolet ) , with great penetrating power in matter opaque to light .
Electromagnetic radiation of wavelengths shorter than X - rays , given off by certain radioactive substances .
Electrophoresis is widely used in the investigation of body chemicals , such as the analysis of the different proteins in blood serum .
Elevated blood concentration is often associated with atheroma , of which cholesterol is a major component .
Elevated levels arise when there is an imbalance in fat metabolism , such as occurs in diabetes mellitus or starvation .
Eliciting this and other jerks , such as the ankle and elbow jerks , is a means of testing the never pathways , via the spinal cord , which are involved in reflexes .
Elliptocytosis may occur as a hereditary disorder or be a feature of certain blood diseases , such as myelofibrosis or iron - deficiency anaemia .
Elongated casts of the smaller bronchi , which are coughed up in bronchial asthma .
Embryonal rhabdomyosarcomas , affecting infants , children , and young adults , are classified as botryoid ( in the vagina , bladder , ear , etc . ) , embryonal ( most common in the head and neck , particularly the orbit ) ; and alveolar ( at the base of the thumb ) .
Emergency artificial respiration , performed mouth - to - mouth , by blowing air into the victim 's lungs to inflate them and then allowing exhalation to occur automatically .
Emergency treatment includes administration of starch or flour in water and lavage with sodium thiosulphate solution .
Emetine and chloroquine have been used in the treatment of fascioliasis .
Emission of semen ( and consequent loss of erection ) during the initial stages of preparation for sexual intercourse , before insertion into the vagina or immediately afterwards .
Emolli are fats and oils , such as lanolin and liquid paraffin .
Emotions can have three component : subjective , physiological , and behavioural .
Emphysema is classified by the part of the acinus involved ( i . e . centriacinar , panacinar , or pericinar ) .
Endarteritis of the aorta may obstruct the mouths of the coronary arteries , supplying the heart .
Endarteritis of the arteries to the wall of the aorta ( the vasa vasorum ) contributes to aneurysm formation .
Endemic typhus ( murine ot flea - born typhus ) is a disease of rats due to Rickettsia mooseri , it can be transmitted to man by rat fleas , causing a mild typhus fever .
Energy in the form of waves or particles , especially electromagnetic radiation , which includes ( in order of increasing wavelength ) , gamma rays , X - rays , ultraviolet rays , visible light , and infrared rays ( radiant heat ) , and the particles .
Enlarged ( varicose ) veins in the wall of the anus ( internal haemorrhoids ) , usually a consequence of prolonged constipation or , occasionally , diarrhoae .
Enlargement of a lymph node in the thorax due to tuberculosis infection , causing the gland to press upon and occlude a bronchiole , which may result in the collapse of a lung segment ( see atelectasis ) .
Enlargement of the adenoids from recurrent throat infections may cause obstruction to breathing through the nose ( see adenoidectomy ) .
Enlargement of the breasts in the male , due either to hormone imbalance or to hormone therapy .
Enlargement of the liver to such an extent that it can be felt below the rib margin .
Enlargement of the right ventricle of the heart that results from diseases of the lungs or the pulmonary arteries .
Enlargement of the thymus gland and other parts of the lymphatic system , formerly believed to be a predisposing cause to sudden death in infancy and childhood associated with hypersensitivity to drugs or vaccines .
Enlargement or widening of the rectum , usually due to long - standing constipation ( see dyschezia ) .
Ensuring that the atmosphere inside the factory is free from poisonous fumes and chemicals may cause conflict with local authorities , whose Environmental Health Officers have responsibility to prevent atmospheric pollution .
Entamoeba histolytica , a protozoan that invades and destroys the walls of the gut .
Enteric - coated tablets contain drugs that are destroyed by the acid contents of the stomach .
Enterobiasis responds well to treatment with piperazine compounds .
Enteroviruses include Coxsackie viruses , echoviruses , polioviruses , and rhinoviruses .
Entrapment of the nerve or interference with its blood supply are the commonest causes .
Entropion may also be caused by scarring of the lining membrane ( conjunctiva ) of the lid .
Entry of a patient into a psychiatric hospital with his agreement .
Enzymes are essential for the normal functioning and development of the body .
Enzymes are named according to the substrate upon which they act ( as in lactase ) , or the type of reaction they catalyse ( as in hydrolase ) .
Enzymes are unstable and are easily inactivated by heat or certain chemicals .
Eosin may be used in conjunction with a contrasting blue alkaline dye taken up by different parts of the same specimen .
Eosinophilia occurs in a variety of diseases , including allergies , parasitic infestations , and certain forms of leukaemia .
Ephedrine and isoprenaline are less selective and have both alpha and beta - adrenergic effects .
Epidemic typhus ( also known as classical or louseborne typhus ) is caused by infection with Rickettsia prowazeki transmitted by lice .
Epidemics are common in overcrowded insanitary conditions .
Epithelial cells may be flat and scalelike ( squamous ) , cuboidal , or columnar .
Epithelium may be either simple , consisting of a single layer of cells .
Eponyms are widespread in medicine , but they are being replaced as more descriptive terms become necessary .
Equipment that is manually or mechanically operated to maintain a flow of air into and out of the lungs of a patient who is unable to breathe normally .
Equivalent department support the ministers responsible for similar services in Scotland , Wales , and Northern Ireland .
ER is described as rough when it has ribosomes attached to its surface and smooth when ribosomes are absent .
Eradication of tsetse flies helps prevent spread of the infection .
Ergographs are useful for assessment of the capabilities of athletes undergoing training .
Errors of refraction , in which light rays do not come to a focus on the retina due to defects in the refracting media or shape of the eye ball , include astigmatism and long and short sightedness .
Erythema may be produced by various conditions - it is often a sign of inflammation and infection .
Erythroblasts are normally present in the bloodforming tissue of the bone marrow , but they may appear in the circulation in a variety of diseases .
Erythromycin provides the most effective therapy .
Erythropoietin increases the rate of red cell production ( erythropoiesis ) and is the mechanism by which the rate of erythropoiesis is controlled .
Essential amino acids are normally obtained from protein - rich foods in the diet , such as liver , eggs , and dairy products .
Essential oils are used in various pharmaceutical preparations .
Essential tremor is slower and particularly affects the hands .
Essentially , most endoscopes consist of a tube with a light at the end and an optical system for transmitting an image to the examiner 's eye .
Estimation of the activity or potency of a drug or other substance by comparing its effects on living organisms with effects of a preparation of known strength .
Ether irritates the respiratory tract and affects the circulation .
Ethology investigates animal behaviour by observation in the natural environment .
Europeans persistently exposed to hot sun may develop the disease and it is a complication of chronic radiodermatitis .
Evacuators may be used to empty the bladder of unwanted material during such operations as the removal of a calculus .
Eventually its nucleus and cytoplasm undergo division to form a schizont containing many merozoites .
Eventually the affected pupil will constrict much more completely than its fellow .
Every individual has his or her own unique pattern , though there are six basic fingerprint formations .
Every local authority is responsible for establishing and starting a social service department , though block exchequer grants meet some of the costs .
Evidence of a sensory disorder affecting those nerves that transmit information to the brain about the position of the limbs and joints and the tension in the muscles .
Exaggerated and frequent blinking or winking of the eyes .
Exaggerated lordosis may occur in adolescence , through faulty posture or as a result of disease affecting the vertebrae and spinal muscles .
Examination of an X - ray image on a fluorescent screen ( see fluoroscope ) .
Examination of blood obtained from a heel stab to exclude the presence of phenylketonuria .
Examination of the abdominal structures ( which are contained within the peritoneum ) by means of an illuminated tubular instrument ( laparoscope ) passed through a small incision in the wall of the abdomen .
Examination of the bladder by means of an instrument inserted via the urethra .
Examination of the cerebrospinal fluid reveals no abnormalities .
Examination of the inside of the amniotic sac by means of an instrument that is passed through the abdominal wall , this allows the developing infant within the cavity to be viewed directly .
Examination of the interior of the nose .
Examination of the rectum and sigmoid colon with a sigmoidoscope .
Examiner and subject are very close together .
Example : abdominalgia ( pain in the abdomen ) ; abdominothoracic ( relating to the abdomen and thorax ) .
Example : Amino acids can yield zwitterions .
Example : mesenteric adenitis affects the lymph glands ( nodes ) in the membranous support of the intestines ( the mesentery ) .
Example : occult blood is blood present in such small qualities ; in the faeces , that is can only be detected microscopically or by chemical testing .
Example : retinal abiotrophy ( progressive degeneration of the retina leading to impaired vision , occurring in genetic disorders such as retinitis pigmentosa ) .
Example : retrobulbar ( at the back of the eyeball ) ; retroperitoneal ( behind the peritoneum ) .
Example : ribonuclease , which acts on RNA , and deoxyribonuclease , which acts on DNA .
Example : sacrococcygeal ( relating to the sacrum and coccyx ) ; sacrodynia ( pain in ) ; sacroiliac ( relating to the sacrum and ilium ) .
Example : sphenomaxillary ( relating to the sphenoid and maxillary bones ) ; sphenopalatine ( relating to the sphenoid bone and palate ) .
Example : the columella cochleae ( modiolus ) is the central pillar of the cochlea , around which the spiral cochlear canal winds .
Example : the opponens pollicis is the principal muscle causing opposition of the thumb .
Example : the zonule of Zinn ( zonula ciliaris ) is the suspensory ligament of the eye .
Example : tuberculosis bacteria are acid fast when stained with a carbol fuchsin preparation .
Example are cresol , hexachlorophane , and phenol .
Example are crystal violet , dequalinium , and hexamine .
Example are cyclopentamine , methoxamine , and phenylephrine .
Example include poisoning by such chemicals as mercury or bezene , decompression sickness in divers , and infections such as anthrax in those handling wool .
Example of live but attenuated ( weakened ) organisms in vaccines are those against tuberculosis , rabies , and smallpox .
Examples are adensosine , guanosine , cytidine , thymidine , and uracil .
Examples are calamine and crotamiton , applied in creams or lotions , and some antihistamine drugs , used of the itching is due to an allergy .
Examples are cephalins , lecithins , plasmanogens , and phosphatidylserine .
Examples are chlorpheniramine , diphenhydramine , and mepyramine .
Examples are cyclophosphamide , cytarabine , and mustidine .
Examples are echoencephalography , and pneumoencephalography .
Examples are glutamic oxaloacetic transaminase ( GOT ) , catalysing the transamination of glutamate and oxaloacetate to ketoglutarate and aspartate , and glutamic pyruvic transaminase ( GPT ) , converting glutamate and pyruvate to ketoglutarate and alanine .
Examples are mass X - rays and cervical smears .
Examples are sterile water , isotonic sodium chloride , and dextrose solutions .
Examples are sulphadimidine , sulphafurazole , and sulphamethizole .
Examples are the heart , lungs , and liver .
Examples are the hormones oxytocin and vasopressin , produced within the nerve cells of the hypothalamus and released into the circulation in the posterior pituitary gland , and noradrenaline , released from chromaffin tissue in the adrenal medulla .
Examples are the joints of the carpus and tarsus .
Examples are the knee joint and the elbow joint .
Examples are the knee joint and the joint between the mandible ( lower jaw ) and the temporal bone of the skull .
Examples are the pubic symphysis ( the joint between the pubic bones of the pelvis ) and the joints of the backbone , which are separated by intervertebral discs ( see illustration ) .
Examples are the Rorschach test and the Thematic Apperception Test ( in which the subject invents stories about a set of pictures ) .
Examples are the thiazide diuretics ( e . g . chlorothiazide and chlorthalidone ) , frusemide , spironolactone , and triamterence .
Examples include a sling used to hold an injured lower jaw in position and a bandage used to support the scrotum in various conditions of the male genital organs .
Examples include the crest of fibula and the iliac crest ( of the ilium ) .
Examples include the spermatic cord , spinal cord , umbilical cord , and vocal cord .
Examples of causal agents are bacteria , trauma , and noxious agents .
Examples of endoscopes include the auriscope , used for examining the inside of the ear , and the gastroscope , for examining the inside of the stomach .
Examples of exocrine glands are the sebaceous and sweat glands .
Examples of exoenzymes are the digestive enzymes .
Examples of fatty acids are palmitic acid , oleic acid , and stearic acid .
Examples of glycoproteins are certain enzymes , hormones , and antigens .
Examples of hormones are corticosteroids ( from the adrenal cortex ) , growth hormone ( from the pituitary gland ) , and androgens ( from the testes ) .
Examples of infiltrates are blood cells , cancer cells , fat , starch , or calcium and magnesium salts .
Examples of organelles are the nucleus , endoplasmic reticulum , Golgi apparatus , lysosomes , and mitochondria .
Examples of paraproteins are myeloma globulins , macroglobulin , and Bence - Jones protein .
Examples of purines are adenine and guanine , which form the nucleotides of nucleic acids , and uric acid , which is the end - product of purine metabolism .
Examples of such bacteria are Bacteroides and Brucella .
Examples of such diseases include the various forms of pneumoconiosis , which affect the lungs of workers continually exposed to dusty atmospheres ; decompression sickness in divers ; poisoning from toxic metals in factory and other workers ; and infectious diseases contracted from animals by farm workers .
Examples of vasoactive agents are emotion , pressure , carbon dioxide , and temperature .
Excellent results are obtained by surgical treatment .
Except in mild cases complete recovery does not occur , despite administration of an adequate diet and physiotherapy .
Except in this context ,the calorie has largely been replaced by the joule ( 1 calorie = 4,1855 joules ) 
Exceptional sensitivity to low temperature .
Exceptionally high body temperature ( about 41oC or above ) .
Excess calcium may be deposited in the body as calculi ( stones ) , especially in the gall bladder and kidney .
Excess carbohydrate , not immediately required by the body , is stored in the liver and muscles in the form of glycogen .
Excess excretion of cystine in the urine ( cystinuria ) leads to the formation of cystine stones in the kidneys .
Excess of the purine derivative xanthine in the urine , usually the result of an inborn defect of metabolism .
Excess protein , not required by the body , can be converted into glucose and used as an energy source .
Excessive accumulation of fluid in the body tissues : popularly known as dropsy .
Excessive activity of the vagus nerve , causing slowing of the heart and a fall in blood pressure , which leads to fainting .
Excessive amounts of oxalates are excreted in oxalosis .
Excessive and forceful extension of a limb beyond the normal limits , usually as part of an orthopaedic procedure to correct deformity .
Excessive and prevalent ambivalence was thought by Bleuler to be a feature of schizophrenia .
Excessive bleeding from the womb , as in menorrhagia or miscarriage .
Excessive bodily growth with marked enlargement of the genitalia .
Excessive borborygmi occur when intestinal movement is increased , for example in the irritable bowel syndrome and in intestinal obstruction , or when there is more intestinal gas than normal .
Excessive deposition of fat in the body leads to obesity .
Excessive doses can cause an encephalophathy and even death .
Excessive enlargement of the outer layer of a bone .
Excessive fear of strangers and foreigners .
Excessive growth of hair ( see hirsutism ) .
Excessive growth or development of glands .
Excessive hairiness , particularly in women .
Excessive loss of sodium chloride ( common salt ) from the body .
Excessive motor activity , such as is seen in mania and the hyperkinetic syndrome .
Excessive movement or activity , especially of the stomach or intestine .
Excessive outward curvature of the spine , causing hunching of the back .
Excessive persistence at a task that prevents the individual from turning his attention to new situations .
Excessive production of growth hormone results in gigantism before puberty and acromegaly in adults .
Excessive production of renin results in the syndrome of renal hypertension .
Excessive production of thyroid hormones gives rise to thyrotoxicosis .
Excessive rapidity of the mental processes , as in mania .
Excessive reduction in the size of any organ after it has attained an extremely large size .
Excessive secretion by the glands of the womb leads to a discharge from the vagina .
Excessive secretion of sebum by the sebaceous glands .
Excessive secretion of the hormone insulin by the islet cells of the pancreas .
Excessive self - regard , with or without some rational basis .
Excessive sensibility , especially of the skin .
Excessive shrinkage of the womb and associated structures after childbirth .
Excessive stretching or working of a muscle , resulting it pain and swelling of the muscle .
Excessive sweating , which may occur in certain diseases , such as fevers or thyrotoxicosis , or following the use of certain drugs .
Exchequer funds pay for the services of doctors , nurses , and other professionals and meet a substantial part of the cost of the medicines and appliances .
Excipients should have no pharmacological action themselves .
Excretion also includes the loss of water , salts , and urea through the sweat glands and carbon dioxide and water vapour from the lungs , and the term is also used to include the egression of faeces .
Executive power is vested in the District Management Team ( DMT ) , which has equivalent composition to the District Team of Officers with the addition of a general practitioner and a hospital consultant .
Exotoxin that selectively destroys white blood cells .
Exotoxins are produced by such bacteria as those causing borulism , diphtheria , and tetanus .
Expectorants are used in cough mixtures .
Experimental psychology uses laboratory experiments to study processes such as motivation and learning .
Exposed dentine is sensitive to touch , heat , and cold .
Exposure of the genitals to another person , as a sexually deviant act .
Extensive dissection , often involving the face , is followed by reconstruction to restore function and cosmetic acceptability .
External haemorrhoids are either prolapsed internal haemorrhoids or more often perianal haematomas or the residual skin tags remaining after a perianal haematoma has healed .
External ophthalmoplegia affects the muscles that move the eye .
Extraction of teeth is usually achieved by applying extraction forceps to the crown or root of the tooth to dislocate it from its socket .
Extremely high levels of acid secretion are found in the Zollinger - Ellison syndrome .
Extroversion was first described by Carl Jung as a tendency to action rather than thought , to scientific rather than philosophical interests , and to emotional rather than intellectual reactions .
Exudation is a normal part of the body 's defence mechanisms .
F . hepatica , the liver fluke , normally lives as a parasite of sheep and other herbivorous animals but sometimes infects man .
Facial expression , often a guide to a patient 's state of health as well as his emotions .
Faeces are stored in the rectum before defecation .
Failure if sexual development owing to lack of pituitary hormones .
Failure in the production or activity of a single enzyme may result in metabolic disorders .
Failure of a part of the body to return to its normal size after being enlarged .
Failure of development of the intellectual faculties .
Failure of development of the intellectual faculties .
Failure of development of the thymus glans .
Failure of normal amounts of bile to reach the intestine , resulting in obstructive jaundice .
Failure of normal fusion results in a number of congenital defects ( see neural tube defects ) .
Failure of the ductus to close ( patent ductus arteriosus ) produces a continuous murmur , and the consequences are similar to those of a septal defect .
Failure of the kidneys to produce urine .
Failure of the mitral valve to close , allowing a reflux of blood from the left ventricle of the heart to the left atrium .
Failure of union ( non - union ) may result if the bone ends are not immobilized or from infection or bone disease .
Failure to recall a specific event , or to explore a specific train of thought , because of its unpleasant associations .
Failure to touch a chosen target with an outstretched hand when the eyes are closed .
Fairskinned people are more susceptible to sunburn than others .
Familial polyposis coli is a hereditary disease in which multiple polyps develop in the colon at puberty .
Familial unconjugated hyperbilirubinaemia : a condition due to an inherited congenital deficiency of the enzyme UDP glucuronyl transferase in the liver cells .
Fannia invades the alimentary canal and the urinary system .
Fascia surrounds the softer or more delicate organs and is divided into superficial fascia ( found immediately beneath the skin ) and deep fascia ( which forms sheaths for muscles ) .
Fatigue and collapse due to the low blood pressure and blood volume that result from loss of body fluids and salts after prolonged or unaccustomed exposure to heat .
Fatty acids are the fundamental constituents of many important lipids , including triglycerides .
Fatty material in this fines dispersed form is more easily absorbed by the small intestine .
Faulty development ; gonadal dysgenesis is failure of the ovaries or testes to develop .
Favus , which is rare in Europe is typified by yellow crusts made up of the threads of fungus and skin debris , which form honeycomb - like masses .
Fear is often disinguished from anxiety in having a specific object .
Features include anxiety , tremor , sweating , and vivid and terrifying and sensory hallucinations , often of animals and insects .
Febrile convulsions are provoked by fever in other - wise healthy infants and young children .
Feedback mechanisms are important in regulating many physiological processes ; for example , hormone output and enzyme - mediated reactions .
Female flies , found in shady wooded areas , bite man during the day .
Female flies can inflict painful bites and constitute a serious pest to man at certain times of the year .
Female infertility may be due to failure ovulate , to obstruction of the Fallopian tubes , or to disease of the lining of the uterus ( endometrium ) .
Female mosquitoes transmit the parasites responsible for several major infectious diseases , such as malaria .
Fermentation is an example of anaerobic respiration .
Fertilization may be prevented by mechanical methods , including coitus interruptus , the condom , or the diaphragm ; by fitting the woman with an intrauterine contraceptive device ( IUD ) ; by sterilization ; or by altering the woman 's hormonal balance by regular doses of an oral contraceptive ( the pill ) or by long - acting injections of a hormonal drug ( a progestogen ) .
Fertilization of a single ovum by more than one spermatozoon : the development is abnormal and the embryo dies .
Fertilization stimulates the completion of the second meiotic division , which produces a second polar body and an ovum .
Fetoscopy , usually performed in the 18th - 20th week of gestation , enables the blood of a fetus to be examined for the presence of abnormal cells and hence the prenatal diagnosis of blood disorders ( such as thalassaemia , haemophilia , and sickle - cell disease ) and Duchenne muscular dystrophy .
Fever an infection of the digestive system by the bacterium Salmonella typhi , causing general weakness , high fever , a rash of red spots on the chest and abdomen , chills , sweating , and in serious cases inflammation of the speen and bones , delirium , and erosion of the intestinal wall leading to haemorrhage .
Fever is generally accompanied by shivering , headache , nausea , constipation , or diarrhoea .
Fevers are usually caused by bacterial or viral infections and can accompany any infectious illness , from the common cold to malaria .
Few of those untreated survive infancy and childhood , but the defect may be improved or corrected surgically .
Fibres from the cranial root travel with the nerve for only a short distance before branching to join the vagus and then forming the recurrent laryngeal nerve , which supplies the internal laryngeal muscles .
Fibres from the spinal root supply the sternomastoid and trapezius muscles , in the neck region ( front and back ) .
Fibres of the nerve run upwards from smell receptors in the nasal mucosa high in the roof of the nose , through minute holes in the skull , join to form the olfactory tract , and pass back to reach the brain .
Fibres of the parasympathetic system are responsible for altering the size of the pupil and the lens of the eye .
Fibres of the SA node are self - excitatory , contracting rhythmically at round 70 times per minute .
Fibres outside the eye run to the upper eyelid and to muscles that turn the eyeball in different directions .
Fibrescope have a great advantage over the older endoscopes as they are flexible and can be introduced into relatively inaccessible cavities of the body .
Fibrillation may affect the atria or ventricles independently .
Fibrinoid material is found in the placenta in increasing amounts as pregnancy advances .
Fibrinokinase is insoluble in water and can be extracted from animal tissue .
Fibroids can be removed surgically , in some cases removal of the womb may be necessary .
Fibroids often cause pain and excessive menstrual bleeding and they may become extremely large .
Fibrosarcomas may arise in soft tissue or bone .
Fibrosis of muscle tissue producing shrinkage and shortening of the muscle without generating any strength .
Fibrous connective tissue packed with masses of fat cells .
Fibrous nodular tumours grow around the adult worms in the skin .
Filariae are found in the lymphatic tissues .
Filariae differ from the intestinal nematodes ( see hookworm ) in that they undergo part of their development in the body of a bloodsucking insect , e . g . a mosquito , on which they subsequently depend for their transmission to another human host .
Filariasis is treated with the drug diethylcarbamazine .
Finally the cement is impregnated with minute crystals of calcium salts .
Fine - calibre tubes for insertion into subcutaneous tissue to drain excess fluid .
Fine colourless sharp - pointed crystals seen in the sputum of asthmatics .
Fine hair covering the body and limbs of the human fetus .
Fine thread , usually of nylon , used to clean some surface of teeth .
Fingerprint patterns can show the presence of inherited disorders .
First - and second degree haemorrhoids may respond to bowel regulation using a high - fibre diet with faecal softening agents .
Fistulae around the anus , between adjacent loops of intestine , or from intestine to skin , bladder , etc . , are characteristic complications .
Fistulas may also be a form of congenital abnormality ; examples include a tracheo - oesophageal fistula ( between the windpipe and gullet ) and a rectovaginal fistula ( between the rectum and vagina ) .
Five classes are recognized : I professional / self employed ; II administrative ; III ( non - manual ) clerical and ( manual ) skilled manual workers ; IV semi - skilled ; V unskilled .
Fixation kills the tissues and ensures that their original shape and structure are retained as closely as possible .
Fixed macrophages ( histiocytes ) are stationary within connective tissue .
Flagella are responsible for the movement of the organisms to which they are attached .
Flaking off of the upper layers of the skin .
Flaps are commonly used by plastic surgeons in treating patients who have suffered severe skin and tissue loss after burns or injuries not amendable to repair by split skin grafting ( see skin graft ) .
Flat feet need treatment ( exercises ) only if they cause pain . .
Flavoproteins are constituents of several enzyme systems involved in intermediary metabolism .
Fleas are the intermediate hosts , and children in close contact with pets become infected on ingesting fleas harbouring the parasite .
Fleas can be important vectors of this species , and children in close contact with flea - infested dogs are particularly prone to infection .
Flexible collodion also contains camphor and castor oil , which allow the skin to stretch a little more .
Flexion and contraction of the fingers with extension at the joints between the fingers and the hand , giving a claw - like appearance .
Flexion of the forearm ( and sometimes also of the fingers ) that occurs when the lower end of the radius is tapped .
Flocculation tests using serum and special reagents are useful in diagnosing liver abnormalities .
Fluid accumulates in the body cavities , especially in the peritoneal and pleural cavities ( see oedema , ascites ) and the liver becomes enlarged .
Fluid and blood replaced by an intravenous infusion as required .
Fluid loss is sometimes severe , especially in infants , and intravenous fluid replacement may be necessary .
Fluid may accumulate in the peritoneal cavity ( see ascites ) or the infection may complicate existing ascites .
Fluid may accumulate within the pericardial sac ( pericardial effusion ) .
Fluid that comes out of the vaginal opening when the bag ( amnion ) around the fetus bursts during labour .
Fluid that comes out of the vaginal opening when the bag ( amnion ) around the fetus bursts during labour .
Fluid that has escaped into a body cavity .
Flukes can be easily removed with tetrachlorethylene .
Fluorescein angiography is a common method of investigation in ophthalmology .
Fluorescein sodium is injected into a vein in the arm , from which is circulates throughout the body .
Fluoridation of water also makes teeth resistant to caries during the period of tooth development .
Fluoride may also be applied topically in toothpaste or by a dentist .
Fluoroscope are used for mass chest X - ray examinations .
Fluorouracil is also applied as a cream to treat certain skin conditions , including skin cancer .
Fly larvae ( maggots ) may infest human tissues and cause disease ( see myiasis ) .
Focal ( or symptomatic ) epilepsy is a symptom of structural disease of the brain , and the nature of the fit depends upon the location of the disease in the brain .
Folds of skin on either side of the nail are the nail walls .
Follicular oophoritis is inflammation of the ovarian ( Graafian ) follicles .
Following antibody - antigen reaction it may also attract scavenging cells ( phagocytes ) to the area of conflict .
Following each contraction , the impulse spreads throughout the atrial muscle and into fibres connecting the SA node with the atrioventricular node .
Following operation : referring to the condition of a patient or to the treatment given at this time .
Following vaccination against smallpox , for example , satellite lesions may occur around the site of inoculation .
Food - borne infections are caused by bacteria of the genus Salmonella in foods of animal origin .
Food and drink that is taken into the alimentary canal through the mouth .
Food in excess of requirements is converted into fats and stored within these cells .
Foods containing - carotene ( milk and some vegetables ) are therefore a source of the vitamin .
Foods with a high fibre content include whole meal cereals and flour , root vegetables , nuts , and fruit .
For approximate purposes 1 litre is assumed to equal to 1000 cubic centimetres ( cm3 ) , therefore 1 millilitre ( ml ) is often taken to be equal to 1 cm3 .
For both operations the instrument used is called a craniotome .
For epidural anaesthetics , the sacral region may also be used .
For example , a bone graft may be inlaid into an area of missing or damaged bone .
For example , a donor may provide blood for transfusion ( see blood donor ) or a kidney for transplantation .
For example , a haemolytic antibody is one that causes destruction of red cells .
For example , a medical ward accomodates patients with such conditions .
For example , a nerve impulse may produce the response of a contraction in a muscle that the nerve supplies .
For example , a pathological fracture is one associated with disease of the bone .
For example , a patient may explain not going to a party in terms of being too tired whereas he did not go because he was afraid of meeting new people .
For example , a patient may misinterpret the conversation of others as the voices of enemies conspiring to destroy him .
For example , a physical sign is one that a doctor can detect when examining a patient , such as abnormal dilation of the pupils or the absence of a knee - jerk reflex ( see also functional disorder , organic disorder ) .
For example , a section of diseased intestine may be removed and the healthy ends sewn together .
For example , a strawberry haemangioma is seen in newborn babies and infants , usually on the face .
For example , a substance that is swallowed may give rise to a form of eczema , called atopic dermatitis .
For example , a tendon may be torn from the bone to which it attaches or the skin of the scalp may be torn from the underlying tissue and bone .
For example , a urethral stricture is a fibrous narrowing of the urethra , usually resulting from injury or inflammation .
For example , a woman would have enlarged labia and clitoris , resembling a scrotum and penis respectively .
For example , abdominal pain may be due to any of a large number of different disorders , which must be ruled out in arriving at a correct diagnosis .
For example , an abdominal section is performed for surgical exploration of the abdomen ( see laparotomy ) .
For example , an anal fistula may develop after an abscess in the rectum has burst , creating an opening between the anal canal and the surface of the skin .
For example , an attack of pneumonia in a patient would be a strong contraindication against the use of a general anaesthetic .
For example , animals or high places are much more likely to become the subject of a phobia than are plants or clothes .
For example , attempts have been made to graft animal organs into humans .
For example , calorimeters may be used to determine the total energy values of different foods in terms of calories .
For example , compensation for the loss of a diseased kidney is brought about by an increase in size of the remaining kidney , so restoring the urine - producing capacity .
For example , dimercaprol is an antidote to arsenic , mercury , and other heavy metals .
For example , endogenous depression arises from causes inside the body ( see depression ) .
For example , erythema nodosum is a disease of sudden onset , characterized by fever , joint pains , and an eruption of painful swellings on the legs .
For example , fatty - acid esters are broken down to form fatty plus alcohol .
For example , fear can involve an unpleasant subjective experience , an increase in physiological measures such as heart rate , sweating , etc . , and a tendency to flee from the fear - provoking situation .
For example , flexor retinacula are found over the flexor tendons in the wrist and ankle .
For example , fusion of two or more vertebra is performed to produce a stable spine .
For example , granular casts appearing in the urine indicate kidney disease .
For example , haemorrhagic anaemia is due to blood loss ( see anaemia ) .
For example , if the eyes are both looking to one side when the head is facing forwards , they are said to be deviated to that side .
For example , in patients on a strict low - sodium diet such resins combine with sodium in the food so that it cannot be absorbed and passes out in the faeces .
For example , in toxic amblyopia , caused by tobacco , alcohol , certain other drugs , and vitamin deficiency , there is a disorder of the optic nerve .
For example , introduction of air into the ventricles of the brain enables them to be distinguished by X - rays ; in their normal ( fluid - filled ) state they are not sufficiently contrasted with the brain tissue itself .
For example , it may involve the heart ( see dextrocardia ) .
For example , it may occur in the gall bladder when the exit duct becomes obstructed so that the mucus secretions are retained and dilate the cavity of the organ .
For example , lichen planus is an inflammatory condition in which wide flat mauve pimples are found mainly on the forearms , neck , and between the thighs .
For example , liposomes containing methotrexate can be injected into the patient 's blood .
For example , loss of vocal fremitus suggests the presence of fluid in the pleural cavity .
For example , marked reduction in the visual field is classified as blindness , even if objects are still seen sharply .
For example , melanism may affect the hair , the skin ( after sunburn , during pregnancy , or in Addison 's disease ) , or the eye .
For example , mogadon is the proprietary name for nitrazepam .
For example , myocardial infarction , affecting the muscle of the heart , follows coronary thrombosis .
For example , photopic vision is vision in bright light , in which the cones of the retina are responsible for visual sensation .
For example , Plasmodium , Leishmania , and Trypanosoma cause malaria , kalaazar , and sleeping sickness respectively .
For example , radioactive iodine may be used to " label " the hormone insulin .
For example , reactive depression is distinguished in this way from endogenous depression .
For example , scotopic vision is vision in dim light in which the rods of the retina are involved ( see dark adaptation ) .
For example , serous fluid may be drained from a swollen joint , pus removed from an internal abscess , or urine from an overdistended bladder .
For example , sodium chloride solution consists of free sodium and free chloride ions .
For example , some microorganisms living in the gut obtain both food and a suitable habitat but neither harm nor benefit man .
For example , someone described as having a mental age of 6 years would be functioning at the level of an average 6 - year - old child .
For example , starch is the substrate for salivary amylase ; RNA is the substrate for ribonuclease .
For example , tantalum sutures and plates are used for repair of defects in the bones of the skull .
For example , the adrenal cortex ( see adrenal glands ) , renal cortex ( see kidney ) , or cerebral cortex .
For example , the aqueduct of the midbrain ( cerebral aqueduct , aqueduct of Sylvius ) connects the third and fourth ventricles .
For example , the atrioventricular septum divides the atria of the heart from the ventricles .
For example , the body fails to produce antibodies against foreign materials if an antigen has previously been introduced into the body before the antibody - producing system is mature .
For example , the brain , liver , and lung are divided into lobes .
For example , the capitulum humeri ( or capitellum ) is the round prominence at the elbow end of the humetus that articulates with the radius .
For example , the diaphragm contains hiatuses for the oesophagus and aorta .
For example , the femoral artery may be compressed against the pelvic bone in the groin .
For example , the fingers are brought into apposition when the first is clenched , and the eyelids when the eyes are closed .
For example , the kidney , adrenal gland , and lens of the eye are enclosed within capsules .
For example , the larvae of some flies are parasites of animals and cause disease where as the adults are free - living .
For example , the lobule of the liver is a structural and functional unit seen in cross - section under a microscope as a column of cells drained by a central vein and bounded by a branch of the portal vein .
For example , the male urethra may become narrowed by disease and it can sometimes be restored to its original size by inserting a dilator .
For example , the middle cerebellar peduncle connects the pons and cerebellum .
For example , the mosquito Anopheles is the intermediate host of Plasmodium .
For example , the panniculus adiposus is the fatty layer of tissue underlying the skin .
For example , the pillars of the fauces are folds of mucous membrane on either side of the opening from the mouth to the pharynx .
For example , the pronator teres , a two - headed muscle arising from the humerus and ulna , close to the elbow , and inserted into the radius .
For example , the question " what colour is snow ? " may elicit the reply " green " .
For example , the raphe of the tongue is the furrow that passes down the centre of the dorsal surface of the tongue .
For example , the suspensory ligament of the lens is a fibrous structure attached to the ciliary processes ( see ciliary body ) by means of which the lens of the eye is held in position .
For example , the term is applied to a part of a limb that is furthest from the body ; to a blood vessels that is far from the heart ; and to a nerve fibre that is far from the central nervous system .
For example , the uterine adnexa are the Fallopian tubes and ovaries ( which adjoin the womb ) .
For example , there are intrinsic muscles of the tongue , whose contractions change the shape of the tongue .
For example , there are two tubercles at the upper end of the humerus .
For example , trabeculae occur in the penis .
For example , vicarious menstruation is a rare disorder in which monthly bleeding occurs from places than the vagina , such as the sweat glands , breasts , nose , or eyes .
For example , within the skull it can be used to reveal the normal anatomy of the brain , the ventricles , and other structures and to distinguish pathological conditions , such as tumours , abscesses , and haematomas .
For example paralysis can be a hysterical symptom .
For example sodium aminosalicylate and streptomycin are used together to treat tuberculosis .
For example the norma lateralis is a side view of the skull ; the normal verticalis is the view of the top of the skull .
For example the tegmen tympani is the bony roof of the middle ear .
For instance , a man might make an ostentatious show of affection to a person for whom he has an unconscious hatred .
For instance , columnar epithelium lining the bronchi may be converted to squamous epithelium ( squamous metaplasia ) .
For instance , pityriasis rosea is a common skin complaint , of unknown cause , in which flat pink oval spots ( macules ) develop on the trunk and upper parts of the limbs .
For many medical purposes this scale has superseded the Fahrenheit scale ( see Fahrenheit temperature ) .
For many years these were rigid or semi - rigid instruments affording only limited views , but modern fully flexible fibreoptic instruments allow all areas of the stomach to be seen and photographed and specimens taken for microscopic examination .
For most medical purposes the Celsius ( centigrade ) scale has replaced the Fahrenheit scale .
For such conditions the term retinopathy is becoming more widely used .
For symptoms and treatment ( see myocardial infarction ) .
For the blind there are special Blind Persons Resettlement Officers ( BPRO ) , though total blindness is not a prerequisite for registration .
For these cases chemotherapy with doxorubicin may be tried .
For this reason thalidomide has now been withdrawn from clinical use .
For ulcers of the alimentary tract , see aphtha , duodenal ulcer , gastric ulcer , peptic ulcer .
Forced feeding : any means used to get an unwilling or incapacitated patient to take in food by mouth , especially via a stomach tube .
Forceful dilation of the anus under general anaesthesia is also effective .
Foreign particles ( e . g . bacteria ) taken into the cell are broken down by the enzymes of the lysosomes .
Form of aphasia in which the patients is unable to give the names of objects , although retaining an understanding of their use and the ability to put words together into speech .
Formation of stones ( see calculus ) in an internal organ , such as the gall bladder ( see gallstone ) , urinary system , pancreas , or appendix .
Formerly all home nurses were State Registered , but in recent years increasing numbers of State Enrolled Nurses are working in this field .
Formerly each nurse was allocated to a geographic district and doctors requiring the services for their patients had to contact the local headquarters .
Formerly fatal , the disease is now curable by replacement hormone therapy .
Formerly known as social medicine , it includes epidemiology , public health , preventive medicine , health care planning , and evaluation of services .
Formerly maggots were , in some cases , allowed to feed on dead and rotting tissues and so assist in the cleaning and healing of serious wounds .
Formerly the chief health executive of local government .
Formerly the rate was expressed per 1000 births but with the low levels currently reported it is customary to use a base of a 100,000 births 
Forming , consisting of , or containing pus .
Forms of atrophy peculiar to women include the shrinking of the ovary at the menopause and of the corpus luteum during the menstrual cycle .
Forward curvature of one or more fingers ( usually the third and fourth ) due to fixation of the flexor tendon of the affected finger to the skin of the palm .
Forward displacement of an organ , especially the eye ( see exophthalmos ) .
Forward protrusion of the breastbone resulting in deformity of the chest .
Found in the walls of the seminiferous tubules of the testis .
Found in water , soil and other damp environments , they move and feed by means of flowing extensions of the body ( see pseudopodium ) .
Four species cause malaria in man : P . vivax , P . ovale , P . falciparum , and P . malariae .
Fracture of an already diseased bone is termed a pathological fracture and may occur after minor injuries .
Fracture of the wrist , across the lower and of the radius , usually caused by a fall on the out - stretched hand .
Fraternal ( or dizygotic ) twins are the result of the simultaneous fertilization of two egg cells .
Freckles , which are harmless , appear where there is excessive production of the pigment melanin in discrete areas of the skin after exposure to sunlight .
Free glucose is not found in many foods ( grapes are an exception ) ; however , glucose is one of the constituents of both sucrose and starch , both of which yield glucose after digestion .
Free macrophages wander between cells and aggregate at focal sites in infection , where they remove bacteria or other foreign bodies from blood or tissue .
Frequent bowel evacuation or the passage of abnormally soft or liquid faeces .
Frequent intake of sugar is a major cause , and the disease is more common in young people and has a predilection for specific sites .
Frequent regurgitation of acid and peptic juices from the stomach causes reflux oesophagitis , the commonest form , which may be associated with a hiatus hernia .
Frequently he reflects the client 's own words or feelings back to him .
Freud postulated that hysteria arose as the result of frustrated libidinous impulses .
Friedreich 's ataxia is an inherited disorder appearing first in adolescence .
Frigidity may affect either sex , but the term is almost always applied to women only .
From it airse 31 pairs of spinal nerves .
From its front surface the trigeminal nerves emerge .
From the anterior two - thirds of the tongue impulses pass via the facial nerve .
From the nerve tissue protrude two pairs of rounded swellings called the superior and inferior colliculi , which contains cells concerned with reflexes involving vision and hearing , respectively .
From there the tears pass into the nasal cavity via the lacrimal sac and the nasolacrimal duct .
From this was developed gestalt therapy , which aims at achieving a suitable gestalt within the patient that includes all facets of functioning .
Frostbitten parts should not be rubbed , since there is no blood circulation in the tissue .
Fructose from the diet can be used to produce energy by the process know as glycolysis , which takes place in the liver .
Fructose is important in the diet of diabetics since , unlike glucose , fructose metabolism is not dependent on insulin .
Fructose is one of the two sugars in sucrose .
FSH stimulates ripening of the follicles in the ovary and formation of sperm in the testes .
Full investigation is undertaken to determine the underlying cause of stone formation .
Fungal infection of the lining of the nose .
Fungi include the yeasts , rusts , moulds , and mushrooms .
Fungus infection of the nails , usually caused by Epidermophyton or Candida .
Further temperature control is achieved by contraction or relaxation of muscles in the scrotum .
Fusion of bones across a joint space by surgical means , which eliminates movement .
Fusion of syndesmophytes across the joints between vertebrae contributes to rigidity of the spine , seen in advanced cases of these diseases .
Fusion of the bones across a joint space , either by bony tissue ( bony ankylosis ) or by shortening of connecting fibrous tissue ( fibrous ankylosis ) .
Fusion of the fifth lumbar vertebra to one side only of the sacrum .
G . A . offers a form of group therapy similar to that provided by Alcoholics Anonymous .
G . palpalis and G . tachinoides , which are found along river banks , transmit Trypanosoma gambiense , G . morsitans , G . swynnertoni , and G . pallidipes , which are found in savannah country , transmit T . rhodesiense .
Galactose is converted to glucose in the liver .
Gallstones containing calcium may be seen as a plain X - ray ( opaque stones ) , but if their calcium content is low they can be seen only by cholecystography .
Gallstones may exist for many years without causing symptoms .
Gametes are haploid , containing half the normal number of chromosomes .
Gamma rays have greater penetration than X - rays .
Gangliosides are chemically similar to cerebrosides but contain additional carbohydrate groups .
Gangrene or ulceration of the finger tips may result from lack of blood to the affected part .
Gaseous exchange occurs , with carbon dioxide leaving the circulation and oxygen entering .
Gasterophilus , Hypoderma , Dematobia , and Cordylobia affect the skin .
Gastric diverticula affect the stomach ( usually the upper part ) and cause no symptoms .
Gastric juice , secreted by gastric glands in the mucosa , contains hydrochloric acid and the enzyme pepsin , which contribute to chemical digestion .
Gastric juice also contains intrinsic factor , which is necessary for the absorption of vitamin B12 .
Gastric volvulus is a twist of the stomach , usually in a hiatus hernia .
Gelatin has been used in medicine as a source of protein in the treatment of malnutrition , in pharmacy of the manufacture of capsules and suppositories , and in bacteriology for preparing culture media .
Gender identity , sex role behaviour , and choice of sexual partner are the three major areas of development .
General anaesthesia is total unconsciousness , usually achieved by administering a combination of injections and gases ( the latter are inhaled through a mask ) .
General anaesthesia is usually induced by injecting certain drugs , usually barbiturates , into the bloodstream .
General anaesthetics , used for surgical procedures , depress activity of the central nervous system , producing loss of consciousness .
General practitioners may also request direct admission ( immediate ) for urgent cases who have not been seen by the consultant ; such as admission may be arranged by phone with the consultant or his deputy or channeled through the accident and emergency department of the hospital .
General therapy , in the absence of specific treatment , involves relief of dehydration and loss of blood .
Generalized osteoporosis is common in the elderly , and in women often follows the menopause .
Generalized thickening of the innermost ( prickle cell ) layer of the epidermis , with abnormal multiplication and increase in the number of cells .
Generally , they range in size between 0 , 5 and 5 m .
Generally symptoms are mild but severe infection of lymph nodes can occur .
Genes for some important genetic disorders , including haemophilia , are carried on the X chromosomes .
Genetic factors and brain damage are probably important causes .
Genital herpes , caused by herpes simplex II virus , is sexually transmitted disease characterized by painful blisters in the genital region .
Genus of parasitic pear - shaped protozoa inhabiting the small intestine of man .
Gestation averages 266 days in humans ( or 280 days from the first day of the last menstrual period ) .
Giant cells may have one or many nuclei .
Giardia is usually harmless but may occasionally cause diarrhoea ( see giardiasis ) .
Given by inhalation , amyl nitrite is used mainly in the treatment of angina pectoris .
Given by intravenous injection , the iopanoic acid is concentrated in the bile by the liver and thus shows up the gall bladder clearly during X - ray examination .
Given by mouth , it is mainly used in the treatment of pruritus ( itching ) and as a preoperative medication , especially in children .
Given by mouth , it is used mainly to relieve the symptoms of allergic reactions and to prevent travel sickness .
Given by mouth , it is used to treat mild anxiety states and tension , as well as for allergic conditions and vertigo .
Given by mouth it is used mainly in the treatment of parkinsonism to reduce rigidity and muscle cramps .
Giving birth to two children at the end of a pregnancy .
Glands in the mucous layer of the intestine secrete digestive enzymes and mucus .
Glandular fever is diagnosed by the presence of large numbers of monocytes in the blood .
Glass ionomer cements are used for filling , and zinc phosphate , zinc polycarboxylate , and glass ionomer cements are used for luting .
Glass or plastic lenses worm directly against the eye , separated from it only by a film of tear fluid .
Glasses in which the upper part of the lens is shaped to give a sharp image of distant objects and the lower part is for use in near vision , such as reading .
Glial cells outnumber the neurons by between five and ten to one , and make up some 40 % of the total volume of the brain and spinal cord .
Glucagon is administered by injection to counteract diabetic hypoglycaemia .
Gluconeogenesis occurs mainly in the liver and kidney and meets the needs of the body for glucose when carbohydrate is not available in sufficient amounts in the diet .
Glucosamine is a component of mucopolysaccharides and glycoproteins , for example , hyaluronic acid , a mucopolysaccharide found in synovial fluid , and heparin .
Glucose is an important source of energy in the body and the sole source of energy for the brain .
Glucose is stored in the body in the form of glycogen .
Glucuronic acid is an important constituent of chondroitin sulphate ( found in cartilage ) and hyaluronic acid ( found in synovial fluid ) .
Gluten is present in wheat and rye and is important for its baking properties .
Glycogen is stored in the liver and muscles and may be readily broken down to glucose .
Glycogen is the principal form in which carbohydrate is stored in the body .
Glycogenolysis forms the first stage of glycolysis .
Glycolysis takes place in the cytoplasm of cells and the first nine reactions ( converting glucose to pyruvate ) form the first stage of cellular respiration .
Glycosides found in plants include some pharmacologically important products ( such as digitalis ) .
Goblet cells secrete the principal constituents of mucus .
Going backwards , or moving in the opposite direction to the normal ( see retrograde pyelography ) .
Going on at the same time , applied to an infection contracted by a patient who is already suffering from an infection or other disease .
Gold alloys are now rarely used as the metal framework for partial dentures , cobalt - chromium alloys being used instead .
Golgi type I neurones have very long axons that connect different parts of the system .
Golgi type II neurones , also known as microneurones , have only short axons or sometimes none .
Gonococci are found within pus cells of urethral and vaginal discharge .
Good education alters the course of the handicap , but many patients need residential care in local authority homes or in hospitals .
Good sources are liver , fish , and eggs .
Good sources of folic acid are liver and vegetables .
Good sources of nicotinic acid are meat , yeast extracts , and some cereals .
Good sources of riboflavim are liver , milk , and eggs .
Good sources of the vitamin are cereals , beans , meat , potatoes , and nuts .
Good sources of the vitamin are tocopherol .
Good sources of the vitamin are vegetable oils , eggs , butter , and whole meal cereals .
Good sources of vitamin D are liver and fish oil .
Goundou occurs in central Africa and South America .
Gout of the foot , especially the big toe .
Gram - negative bacteria lose the initial stain but take up the counterstain , so that they appear red microscopically .
Gram - positive bacteria retain the initial stain , appearing violet microscopically .
Granulation is a normal stage in the healing process .
Granulocytes are ultimately derived from a haemopoietic stem cell , but the earliest precursor that can be identified microscopically is the myeloblast .
Granulomata may occur as reactions to such foreign bodies as starch and talc following surgical procedures or to some metals , such as beryllium and zirconium .
Grattage removes granulation tissue , which - though a stage in the healing process - sometimes overgrows or becomes infected and therefore delays healing .
Great care is needed to avoid unnecessary exposure , because the radiation is harmful in large quantities to all living things .
Green vision : a rare symptom of digitalis poisoning .
Gross enlargement of the skin and underlying connective tissues caused by obstruction of the lymph vessels , which prevents drainage of lymph from the surrounding tissues .
Gross thickening and hardening of the nail , which becomes elongated and deformed .
Group AB has neither antibody and group O has both .
Group B blood contains anti - A antibodies .
Groups of nodes are found in many parts of the body ; for example , in the groin and armpit and behind the ear .
Growing best in the presence of sulphur or sulphur compounds .
Growing towards or having an affinity for neural tissue .
Growth of the nail occurs at the end of the nail root by division of the germinative layer of the underlying epidermis ( which forms part of the matrix ) .
H . diminuta is a common parasite of rodents .
H . influenzae is associated with acute and chronic respiratory infections and is a common secondary cause of influenza infections .
Haematinics are used , often in combination with vitamins and folic acid , to prevent and treat anaemia due to iron deficiency .
Haemocytometers have been largely replaced by electronic cell counters .
Haemodialysis is performed on patients whose kidneys have ceased to function , the process takes place in an artificial kidney , or dialyser .
Haemoglobin has the unique property of combining reversibly with oxygen and is the medium by which oxygen is transported within the body .
Haemoglobinuria occurs if haemoglobin , released from disintegrating red blood cells , cannot be taken up rapidly enough by blood proteins .
Haemolysis of blood specimens may result from unsatisfactory collection or storage or be brought about intentionally as part of an analytical procedure ( see laking ) .
Haemolytic anaemias result from the increased destruction of red blood cells ( which contain the pigment ) .
Haemolytic jaundice occurs when there is excessive destruction of red cells in the blood ( see haemolysis ) .
Haemophilia is controlled by a sex - linked gene , which means that it is almost exclusively restricted to males .
Haemostatics are used to control bleeding due to various causes and may be used in treating bleeding disorders , such as haemophilia .
Hair - like processes present on the surface of certain bacteria .
Hairball ; a mass of swallowed hair in the stomach .
Hairiness of the tongue , due to the growth of fungal organisms infecting its surface .
Hallucinations may be visual , auditory , tactile , gustatory , or olfactory .
Hallucinations should be distinguished from dreams and from illusions ( since they occur at the same time as real perceptions ) .
Hallucinogens were formerly used to treat certain types of mental illness .
Halting articulation with interruptions to the normal flow of speech and repetition of the initial consonants of words or syllables .
Handling the sick child requires a special approach at every age from birth ( or premature birth ) to adolescence and also a proper understanding of parents .
Hard prominent irregular scar tissue in the skin that often increases in size .
Hardening of the arteries and arterioles of the kidneys .
Hardening of tissue , usually due to scarring ( fibrosis ) after inflammation .
Having a hollowed surface on both sides .
Having a normally functioning thyroid gland .
Having a poisonous effect ; potentially lethal .
Having a surface on each side that curves outwards .
Having an indented or wavy margin : applied to certain skin lesions .
Having an origin in the mind rather than in the body .
Having given birth to one or more children .
Having small tounded swellings or nodules , not necessarily caused by tuberculosis .
Having the appearance of brain tissue , applied to certain tumours , for example encephaloid carcinoma of the breast .
Having the appearance of epidermis the outer layer of the skin ) : used to describe certain tumours of tissues other than the skin .
Having the capacity to provoke epileptic fits .
Having the power to destroy or eliminate helminths .
Having the property of absorbing , and therefore being opaque to , X - rays .
Having two cusps , as in the premolar teeth and the mitral valve of the heart .
Having two hornlike processes or projections .
Hbs becomes insoluble when the blood is deprived of oxygen and precipitates , forming elongated crystal that distort the blood cell into the characteristics sickle shape : this process is known as sickling .
HCG is given by injection to treat delayed puberty , undescended testes , premenstrual tension , and ( with follicle stimulating hormone ) sterility due to lack of ovulation .
HCG maintains the secretion of progesterone by the corpus luteum of the ovary , the secretion of pituitary gonadotrophins being blocked during pregnancy .
He becomes socially withdrawn and loses energy and initiative .
He can investigate complaints and allegations of maladministration but not of professional negligence .
He contains court orders for compulsory admission where necessary and provides surveillance and support for those being treated at home or in designated hostel accommodation , including those discharged from hospital .
He may work in a university , in industry , in schools , or in a hospital .
He must be either a medical practitioner or a lawyer of at least five years standing .
He usually works in a hospital , often as one of a multidisciplinary team .
He usually works in close association with schools and advises on the management of children .
Head - shaped , having a rounded extremity . .
Head lice are eliminated with gamma benzene hexachloride .
Headache , chest pain , and dry mouth may occur following injection .
Headache , fever , weakness , aching limbs , and delirium develop and are followed by acute painful swelling of the lymph nodes ( see bubo ) .
Headache , nausea , and vomiting may also occur .
Healing by first intention is the natural healing of a wound or surgical incision when the edges are brought together under aseptic conditions and granulation tissue forms .
Healing is hindered by the reduced blood supply to the area , and careful nursing is necessary to prevent local gangrene .
Health authorities are expected to provide all the normal health services from their own resources except the salaries and fees for general practitioners , pharmacists , opticians , and dentists which come from a separate fund through the Family Practitioner Committee .
Health visitors do not carry out practical nursing care but seek to educate parents or relatives how best to care for their charges , in particular by drawing attention to unmet needs in terms of health care and those of the social services likely to improve health .
Health visitors may sometimes work in this capacity but State Registered and State Enrolled Nurses may also perform these tasks .
Heamoconcentration may occur in any condition in which there is a severe loss of water from the body .
Heart block may be congenital or it may be due to heart disease , including myocardial infarction , myocarditis , cardiomyopathy , and disease of the valves .
Heart failure may result from any condition that overloads , damages , or reduces the efficiency of the heart muscle .
Heart failure may result or thrombosis within the aneurysm may act as a source of embolism .
Heart murmurs can also be heard in normal individuals , especially those who have hyperactive circulation , and frequently in normal children ( innocent murmurs ) .
Heart transplants have also been carried out with limited success and a few liver transplants have also been attempted .
Heat : one of the classical signs of inflammation in a tissue , the other three being rubor ( redness ) , dolor ( pain ) , and tumor ( swelling ) .
Heat production by the body arises as the result of vital activities ( e . g . respiration , heart beat , circulation , secretion ) and from the muscular effort of exercise and shivering .
Heating the solution produces the irritating vapour of formalhehyde , which is also used for disinfection .
Heavy consumption of alcohol also causes cardiomyopathy , peripheral neuritis , cirrhosis of the liver , and enteritis .
Heavy hookworm infections may cause considerable damage to the wall of the intestine , leading to a serious loss of blood , this , in conjunction with malnutrition , can provoke severe anaemia .
Heavy infections can lead to considerable damage of the tissues of the bile duct and liver , progressing in advanced cases to cirrhosis .
Hebephrenic , which starts in adolescence or young adulthood ( see hebephrenia ) ; paranoid , characterized by prominent delusions ; and catatonic , with marked motor disturbances ( see catatonia ) .
Hectic flush occurs in such wasting diseases as pulmonary tuberculosis .
Heidehain 's iron haematoxylin is used to stain sections that are to be photographed , since it gives great clarity at high magnification .
Help in sorting out their difficulties should therefore be given .
Hepatocellular jaundice is due to disease of the liver cells , such as hepatitis , when the liver is unable to utilize the bilirubin , which accumulates in the blood .
Hepatomas often synthesize alphafetoprotein , which circulates in the blood and is a useful indicator of these tumours .
Herbs , food grown without artificial fertilizers and prepared without the use of preservatives or colouring material , pure water , sunlight , and fresh air are all employed in an effort to rid the body of " unnatural " substances , which are said to be at the root of most illnesses .
Here food is tasted , chewed , and mixed with saliva , which begins the process of digestion .
Here it divides into the right common carotid and the right subclavian arteries .
Here most of the substances are reabsorbed back into the blood , the remaining fluid ( urine ) passing into the collecting duct , which drains into the ureter .
Here the portal vein branches , ending in many small capillaries called sinusoids .
Here they develop into infective larvae , ready for transmission to a new human host .
Here they multiply and then invade the salivary glands .
Hernia ( rupture ) of the womb , usually during pregnancy .
Hernia involving a Fallopian tube and an ovary .
Hernias may be complicated by becoming impossible to return to their normal site ( irreducible ) ; swollen and fixed within their sac ( incarcerated ) ; or cut off from their blood supply , becoming painful and eventually gangrenous ( strangulated ) .
Herpes simplex ( cold sore ) can cause an acute conjunctivitis or inflammation of the mouth or vagina , but many people contact the virus without showing any symptoms .
Herpes zoster ( shingles ) usually starts with pain along the distribution of a nerve ( often in the face , chest , or abdomen ) , followed by the development of vesicles .
Herpesvirus simiae ( virus B ) causes an infection in monkeys similar to herpes simplex , but when transmitted to man it can produce fatal encephalitis .
Heterophoria ofen produces eyestrain because of the unconscious effort required to keep the two eyes coordinated .
Hexose sugars are the sugars most frequently found in food .
Hiccups , which usually occur repeatedly , may be caused by indigestion or more serious disorders , such as alcoholism .
High blood pressure , i . e . elevation of the arterial blood pressure above the normal range expected in a particular age group .
High dosage may cause retention of sodium and water and delayed wound healing .
High dose may cause restlessness , vomiting , and blue coloration of the skin .
High doses can cause nausea , vomiting , loss of appetite , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , and abnormal heart activity .
High doses cause dizziness , disturbed hearing , mental confusion , and overbreathing .
High doses may cause blood disorders ( such as methaemoglobinaemia or haemolytic anaemia ) and digestive upsets .
High doses may cause drowsiness , restlessness , and abnormal muscular movements .
High doses may cause headache and vomiting .
High doses may cause irritation of the stomach or bladder .
High doses may cause loss of appetite , nausea , vomiting , headache , disturbed vision , and abnormal heart activity .
High doses may cause methaemoglobinaemia and cyanosis .
High doses may cause nausea , vomiting , itching , and rashes .
High doses may cause restlessness , sneezing , and gasping .
High doses may cause weakness , faintness , and dizziness .
High doses or prolonged treatment may cause inflammation of the nerves , which can be countered by including pyridoxine ( vitamin B6 ) in the preparation .
High fever , convulsions , and extreme pain are common .
High levels of this enzyme are found in the liver , and measurement of GPT in the serum ( serum GPT , SGPT ) is use in the diagnosis and study of acute liver disease .
High notes cause vibration in the region nearest the middle ear .
Higher levels may be associated with diabetes mellitus , kidney disease , and some other conditions .
Highly malignant tumours have a greater potential for metastasis .
Highly refined foods , such as sucrose , contain no dietary fibre .
Highly selective or proximal vagotomy is the cutting of the branches of the vagus nerve to the body of the stomach , leaving the branches to the outlet ( pylorus ) intact : this makes additional surgery to permit emptying of the stomach contents unnecessary .
His behaviour is therefore suspicious and isolated .
Histamine has pronounced pharmacological activity , causing dilation of blood vessels and contraction of smooth muscle ( for example , in the lungs ) .
Histamine is also released in anaphylactic reactions and allergic conditions , including asthma , and gives rise to some of the symptoms of these conditions .
Histocompatibility lymphocyte - A system , a group of eight antigens that are the most important of the 20 or more antigens responsible for histocompatibility .
Hollow needles are used to inject substances into the body ( in hypodermic syringes ) , to obtain specimens of tissue ( see biopsy ) , or to withdraw fluid from a cavity ( see aspiration ) .
Homosexuality is no longer generally regarded as a psychological disorder but therapy may be offered to individuals wishing to change their sexual orientation .
Hookworm larvae live in the soil and infect man by penetrating the skin .
Hookworms and pinworms infest the alimentary canal .
Hospital admission is frequently necessary .
Hospitals for the care of mentally ill patients who are also dangerous and must therefore by kept securely .
Hourglass contraction may be a complication of labour , tending to trap the placenta in the upper part of the constricted womb and possibly leading to excessive blood loss after delivery .
House mites have been implicated in some forms of asthma .
How well one sees things depends on how well they are illuminated and upon such factors as practice and motivation , but the essential requirements are a healthy retina and the ability of the eye to focus incoming light to form a sharp image on the retina .
However , a certain amount of fat is necessary in the diet to provide an adequate supply of essential fatty acids and for the efficient absorption of fat - soluble vitamins from the intestine .
However , a similar result may be obtained if the urine contains certain drugs or is very concentrated .
However , a temporary tourniquet to increase the distension of veins when a sample of blood is being taken does no harm .
However , certain phosphorus - containing compounds - for example adenosine triphosphate ( ATP ) and creatine phosphate - play an important part in energy conversions and storage in the body .
However , development sometimes continues to a stage at which a live baby can be delivered by Caesarean section .
However , due to its serious side - effects , especially damage to the bone marrow , it is usually reserved for serious infections ( such as typhoid fever ) when less toxic drugs are ineffective .
However , epidemics may occur in more hygienic conditions , where individuals have not acquired immunity to the disease during infancy .
However , fat - soluble vitamins A and D are toxic if taken in excessive amounts .
However , great care must be taken in identifying edible fungi .
However , in individuals whose immune systems are disturbed ( e . g . by cancer ) it can cause more severe effects , and it has been found to be the cause of congenital handicap in infants born to women who have contracted the virus during pregnancy .
However , in the long term they are required to provide supporting evidence of incapacity , normally a medical certificate provided by their general practitioner .
However , in the male they degenerate almost completely .
However , it is now common for nurses to be allocated to a designated general practice , an arrangement sometimes known as attachment .
However , it is now used synonymously with inoculation as a method of immunization against any disease .
However , many districts include part of more than one local authority since the division tends to be made on the basis of the catchment area of a district general hospital .
However , many patients develop severe side - effects , including blood disorders , dermatitis , and upsets of liver and kidney function .
However , many people who have acted in this way go on to attempt , or even to achieve suicide .
However , other general are also medically important ( see Diphyllobothrium , Dipylidium , Echinococcus ) .
However , parts of it become incorporated into the male reproductive structures .
However , the arrhythmia is less rapid and less chaotic .
However , the features are not always classical , and many authorities do not regards the condition as a clinical entity separate from depressive psychosis .
However , the infant 's buttocks ( see breech presentation ) , its side ( transverse presentation ) , its feet , or the placenta ( see placenta praevia ) may be the first parts to appear .
However , the term is usually used in reference to the external parts of the reproductive system .
However , the timing of events and the size and number of gametes produced are very different in the male and female .
However , they may also be found in other organs of the body .
However , they may be formed in other places in response to unusual pressure of friction .
However , they may cause severe pain ( see biliary colic ) or they may pass into the common bile duct and cause obstructive jaundice or cholangitis .
However the FPC must also approve the premises and the hours of service .
However they are sometimes associated with abdominal pain or altered bowel habit ( see diverticular disease ) or they may become inflamed ( see diverticulitis ) .
Human and medical genetics are concerned with the study of inherited diseases .
Human milk contains more sugar ( lactose ) and less protein than cow 's milk .
Human parasites include fungi , bacteria , viruses , protozoa , and worms .
Hyaluronidase is found in the testes , in semen , and in other tissues .
Hybrid vigour : the increased sturdiness , resistance to disease of individuals whose parents are of different races or species compared both with their parents and with the offspring of genetically similar parents .
Hydroa is a severe form of light - sensitive dermatitis , described as polymorphic light eruptions .
Hydrocephalus and the Arnold - Chiari malformation are usually present .
Hydrocephalus may be caused by obstruction to the outflow of cerebrospinal fluid the ventricles or a failure of its reabsorption into the carebral sinuses .
Hydrocortisone is used to treat adrenal failure ( Addison 's disease ) and inflammatory , allergic and rheumatic conditions ( including rheumatoid arthritis , colitis , and eczema ) .
Hydrogen cyanide vapour is fatal in less than a minute when inhaled .
Hydrorrhoea gravidarum occurs during pregnancy .
Hydroxyurea may lower the white cell content of the blood due to its effects on the bone marrow .
Hymenal caruncles occur around the mucous membrane lining the vaginal opening .
Hyperemesis gravidarum affects pregnants women : the stomach contents and bile are vomited , and the acidity of the arterial blood increases .
Hyperemesis lactentium is vomiting by babies at the breast - feeding stage .
Hypersplenism may occur in any condition in which there is enlargement of the spleen ( see splenomegaly ) .
Hypertension is symptomless until the symptoms of its complications develop .
Hypertension may be of unknown cause ( essential hypertension or hyperpiesia ) .
Hypertrophic osteoarthropathy is characterized by the formation of new bony tissue and occurs as a complication of chronic diseases of the chest , including pulmonary abscess , mesothelioma , and lung cancer .
Hypertrophy of the lips : a congenital condition in which the lips are abnormally large .
Hypnagogic imagery occurs just before falling asleep , and the images are often very distinct .
Hypnopompic imagery occurs in the state between sleep and full wakefulness .
Hypnosis based on the ideas of the 18th - century physician Franz Mesmer , sometimes employing magnets and a variety of other equipment .
Hypnotic suggestion has been used for a variety of purposes in medicine , for example as a cure for addiction and in other forms of psychotherapy .
Hypnotics are used for insomnia and sleep disturbances , especially in mental illnesses and in the elderly .
Hypnotics include barbiturates , chloral hydrate , methaqualone , and nitrazepam .
Hypoglycaemia most commonly occurs in diabetes mellitus , as a result of insulin overdosage and insufficient intake of carbohydrates .
Hypostatic congestion of the lung bases may be seen in debilitated patients who are confined to bed .
Hypostatic pneumonia develops in dependant parts of the lung in people who are otherwise ill , chilled , or immobilized .
Ice forms in the tissues , which may thus be destroyed , and amputation may become necessary .
Ichthyosis varies in severity from slight skin dryness to a severe condition in which an infant is born , usually dead , with skin like armour plate .
Ideally , an insecticide should have no toxic effects when ingested by human beings or animals , but modern powerful compounds have inherent dangers and have caused fatalities .
Ideally neither the patient nor the person assessing the outcome should be aware of which therapy is allocated to which patient ( blind trial ) , nor should the doctor responsible for treatment ( double - blind trial ) , and groups should exchange treatment after a prearranged period ( cross - over trial ) .
Identical ( or monozygotic ) twins result from the fertilization of a single egg cell that subsequently divides to give two separate fetuses .
Identical that are physically joined together a birth .
Identification can be difficult unless doctors and health visitors notify the appropriate Social Service Departments , but there is no compulsion to make such notifications .
Identification of the site of the aneurysm , upon which decisions about treatment will be based , is achieved by cerebral angiography .
Identification with a parent is important in personality formation , and has been especially implicated in the development of a moral sense and of an appropriate sex role .
Ideomotor apraxia is the inability to translate the idea of a complex behaviour into action .
Idiopathic epilepsy is not associated with structural damage to the brain .
Idiopathic hypercalcaemia , which affects infants who have received too much vitamin D , leads to mental disorder .
If , as frequently happens , discomfort and other symptoms are absent , surgery is not required .
If , however , the mechanism of ejaculation is lost , spermatorrhoea may occur .
If a blockage is present it may be possible to relieve it surgically .
If a bone end pierces the overlying skin the fracture is compound , and there is a risk of infection ( see osteomyelitis ) .
If a mutation occurs in developing sex cells ( gametes ) it may be inherited .
If a percentage of individuals with the gene do not show its effects , penetrance is incomplete .
If a pregnant woman has gonorrhoea , her baby 's eyes may become infected during passage through the birth canal ( see ophthalmia neonatorum ) .
If a small quantity of toxin from the bacteria responsible ( haemolytic streptococci ) is injected under the skin of a person not immune to the disease , a positive reaction results , causing local reddening of the skin .
If a squint is present , the tubes may be adjusted so that the short arms line up with the direction of each eye .
If all the points on the resulting scatter diagram are in a straight line ( which is neither horizontal nor vertical ) , the correlation coefficient of 0 indicates no dependence of the one characteristic on the other of a straight line type .
If an embryo becomes implanted , the corpus luteum continues to secrete progresterone until the fourth month of pregnancy , by which time the placenta has taken over this function .
If bleeding persists , an irritant fluid ( a sclerosing agent ) may be injected around the swollen veins to make them shrivel up .
If complicated by infiltration of major organs by a glycoprotein ( see amyloidosis ) , the disease usually proves fatal .
If drug treatment proves ineffective , coronary angioplasty or coronary bypass grafting may be required , the former being less invasive than the latter .
If fertilization does take place the fertilized ovum becomes attached to the womb lining and the corpus luteum continues to secrete progesterone , i . e . pregnancy begins .
If fertilization occurs it maintains the womb through out pregnancy and prevents the further release of eggs from the ovary .
If fetal cells are detected in a woman 's blood soon after delivery or after an abortion ( using the Kleihauer technique ) , she is given an injection of Rh antibody ( anti - D immunoglobulin ) .
If films are taken during voiding then the ureters can also be observed ( see urethrography ) .
If fingers of one hand are inserted into the vagina and those of the other are placed over the pelvic cavity , the lower part of the womb , including the neck , can easily be compressed between the two hands .
If fluctuation is present when a swelling is examined , this is an indication that there is fluid within and that the swelling is not due to a solid growth .
If he can only read down as far as the 12 - metre line the visual acuity is expressed as 6 / 12 .
If implantation fails , the corpus luteum becomes inactive and degenerates .
If induction is not successful it may be necessary to perform a Caesarean section .
If infection develops , the condition is called hidradenitis suppurativa .
If ingested by a suitable intermediate host , such as a pig or an ox , the larva will use its hooks to penetrate the wall of the intestine .
If left unrepaired it spreads in and progressively destroys the tooth completely , first exposing the deeper dentine , causing toothache , and eventually opening the pulp to allow ingress of infection into the bone and abscess formation ( see apical abscess ) .
If loss of speech is due to a defect in the brain , the disorder is aphasia .
If medical ( epidemiological ) advice is required , the appropriate community physician ( Proper Officer ) acts in an advisory or consultant capacity .
If much blood is lost , it is usually replaced by blood transfusion .
If necessary the muscles of the worm may be stimulate to contract by injections of oxytocin or by puncturing the sac surrounding the baby to release some of the amniotic fluid in which it is bathed .
If not treated by surgical removal ( appendicectomy ) the condition usually progresses to cause an abscess or generalized peritonitis .
If only one parent is affected , the lethal effects of the gene will be masked by the dominant allele inherited from the normal parent .
If performed simply to improve appearances , plastic surgery is called cosmetic surgery , but most plastic surgery involves the treatment and repair of burns or accidents and the correction of congenital defects , such as harelip and cleft palate .
If perfusion is impaired insufficient gas exchange takes place .
If possible , the underlying condition is treated .
If pregnancy is established the endometrium becomes the decidua , which is shed after birth .
If pregnancy should occur there is normally no need to remove the device ( it may , however , become detached spontaneously ) .
If present at birth and untreated it leads to cretinism .
If present in large numbers , the urine becomes cloudy , usually towards the end of micturition .
If previous nephrectomy has been performed to remove a kidney destroyed by vesicoureteric reflux or because of a tumour of the renal pelvis , subsequent ureterectomy may be necessary to cure reflux into the stump of the ureter or tumour in the ureter , respectively .
If respiratory muscles are affected , a tracheostomy is essential to avoid death from asphyxia .
If rest , restriction of liquid intake , controlled diet , and drugs aimed at stopping the vomiting fail to cure the condition , it may be necessary to terminate the pregnancy .
If severe it may lead to hypoglycaemic coma .
If severe pain continues , surgical removal can be undertaken .
If severe pain does not respond to strapping or corrective footwear , it may be necessary to perform arthrodesis at the affected joint .
If such babies are unable to maintain a normal body temperature they require special care in an incubator .
If swallowed it causes nausea , vomiting , and inflammation of the urinary tract , the latter giving rise to its reputation as an aphrodisiac .
If taken during the first three months of pregnancy , it was found to cause fetal abnormalities involving limb malformation ; i . e . it has a teratogenic effect .
If the allele is different , it is described as recessive and its effects is masked .
If the allergen is identified , it may be possible to undertake desensitization .
If the anal canal fails to develop , the rectum ends blindly above the muscles of the perineum .
If the bladder is affected , blood is passed in the urine and cystitis and cancer of the bladder may develop .
If the blood glucose concentration falls below this level neurological and other symptoms may result ( see hypoglycaemia ) .
If the blood is not drained dense fibrous adhesions occur between the pleural surfaces , which can impair the normal movement of the lung .
If the blood pressure rises too quickly headache and vomiting may occur .
If the cause of dystocia cannot be eliminated , it may be necessary to deliver the baby by Caesarean section or to operate in such a way that it can be removed with the minimum possible rick to the mother .
If the colour appears only when alcohol is added , this is an indirect reaction and points to haemolytic jaundice .
If the condition does not receive prompt surgical treatment , shock from gangrene of the bowel may result .
If the condition does not settle with antibiotic therapy corrective surgery must be performed .
If the condition persists , or relapses frequently , arthrotomy , followed by extraction of the bone fragments , may be required .
If the condition persists the patient loses weight , becomes dehydrated , and develops alkalosis .
If the connection is large , the short - circuiting of blood may produce heart failure .
If the defect is extensive , a temporary opening is made in the colon ( see colostomy ) , with later surgical reconstruction of the rectum and anus .
If the disease is present , a small red swelling appears at the site of injection within 48 hours .
If the drug is absorbed into the body , it causes underactivity of the thyroid gland ( myxoedema ) and convulsions .
If the duodenum produces the hormone secretin the pancreatic juice contains a large amount of sodium bicarbonate , which neutralizes the acidity of the stomach contents .
If the eggs are swallowed by man , who can act as a secondary host , the resulting larvae penetrate the intestine and settle in the lungs , liver , or brain to form large cysts , usually 5 - 10 cm in diameter ( see hydatid disease ) .
If the eggs are swallowed by man and reach the intestine they develop directly into adult worms .
If the eggs reach the brain , spinal cord , and heart ( via the bloodstream ) they produce serious lesions .
If the emergence of the head is impeded a cut may be made in the surrounding tissue ( see episiotomy ) .
If the excess copper is removed from the body by regular treatment with penicillamine both mental and physical development may be normal .
If the fragments are displaced , the bone may need to be surgically removed ( patellectomy ) .
If the heart is compressed the fluid is withdrawn ( aspirated ) via a needle inserted into the pericardial sac through the chest wall ( pericardiocentesis ) .
If the initial opening is small it may tear , with slight loss of blood , at the first occasion of sexual intercourse .
If the muscle closes the eye ( orbicularis oculi ) is paralyzed the lower lid also droops .
If the neck of the womb is firm and undilated , a live fetus may be delivered by Caesarean section .
If the object is small or poorly illuminated it will not be seen until it is moved closer to the point at which the eye is actually looking , i . e . nearer to the centre of the visual field .
If the operation is to combat cancer , a radical mastectomy is performed , as well as the breast - itself , the lymph nodes in the nearest armpit and the muscles linking the upper part of the chest with the shoulder are also removed , in case the cancer has spread to them .
If the ovum is not fertilized the cycle continues : the corpus luteum shrinks and the womb lining is shed at menstruation .
If the oxygen level falls , the chemoreceptors send impulses to the cardiac and respiratory centres in the brain , which promote increases in heart and respiration rates .
If the patient has a field defect he will fail to see the lights that flash in the area of the defect .
If the patient is shaken the fluid makes a splashing sound ( called a succussion splash ) .
If the pericardial sac is affected by adhesion , the movements of the heart may be restricted .
If the results indicate that the child is likely or certain to be born with severe malformation or abnormality , the possibility of abortion is discussed by the doctors involved and the parents .
If the single testis is normal , no adverse effects result from the absence the other .
If the sole problem is that the individual 's behaviour as a whole is out of line with society 's expectations , then the term " illness " is not appropriate .
If the sound conducted by air is heard for a longer time than the sound conducted by bone the test is positive and the deafness perceptive .
If the stone occupies the lower portion of the ureter , it may be extrated by cystoscopy , thus avoiding open surgery .
If the true conjugate is less than about 10.2 cm , delivery of an infant through the natural passages may be difficult or impossible , and Caesarean section may have to be performed .
If the tumour has spread to the liver , excess amounts of these substances are released into the systemic circulation and the carcinoid syndrome results - flushing , headache , diarrhoea , asthma - like attacks , and in some cases damage to the right side of the heart .
If the two alleles are the same , the individual is homozygous for the gene .
If the vitamin deficiency is allowed to continue , night blindness may progress to xerophthalmia and keratomalacia .
If the vomiting is allowed to continue for a long time , liver disease may develop .
If the water supply contains too little fluoride , fluoride salts may be given to children in the form of drops or tablets .
If the woman is pregnant her urine will contain enough ovary - stimulating hormone ( chorionic gonadotrophin ) to induce the development of corpora lutea in the ovaries of the rabbit .
If these fail , the protruding portion of the disc is surgically removed ( see laminectomy ) .
If they are different , he is heterozygous .
If this did not happen , the intense ultraviolet radiation from the sun would be lethal to living organisms .
If this is accompanied by pain and obstruction to free drainage of urine by the kidney , nephropesy may be advised .
If this is not possible , the delivery can be facilitated by careful manipulation of the baby during labour .
If this treatment is inadequate surgery may be perfomed to make an accessory channel through which the aqueous humous may drain from the eye in sufficient quantities to allow the pressure to return to normal .
If tonsillitis due to streptococcal infection is not treated ( by antibiotics ) , it may lead to rheumatic fever or nephritis .
If too little sebum is produced the hair becomes dry and brittle , with the formation of white skin flakes .
If untreated , it may obstruct the airways , necessitating tracheostomy .
If untreated , the conjunctiva becomes scarred and shrinks , causing the eyelids to turn inwards so that the eyelashes scratch the cornea ( trichiasis ) ; blindness usually follows .
If untreated , they destroy skin muscle and bone but they do not spread to other parts of the body .
If untreated it may cause serious brain damage ( see kernicterus ) .
If untreated such tumours cause progressive deterioration and death .
If untreated the disease may be fatal , but treatment with tetracycline or chloramphenicol is effective .
If urinary obstruction develops , transurethral prostatectomy is indicated .
If urinary obstruction is present , the ureterocele should be dealt with surgically .
If used as bronchodilators , these drugs may have unwanted side - effects on the heart .
If ventilation is impaired deoxygenated venous blood is returned to the general circulation .
Illness of a mother or her baby associated with childbirth .
Illusions can occur in quite normal people , when they are usually spontaneously corrected .
Immature brain cells in the basal ganglia are affected , and as brain development proceeds a pattern of cerebral palsy emerges at about six months , with uncoordinated movements , deafness , disturbed vision , and feeding and speech difficulties .
Immediate treatment is to divert the urine by suprapubic cystotomy , local drainage of the swelling , and antibiotic administration .
Immediately after the roots leave the spinal cord they merge to form a mixed spinal nerve on each side .
Immediately anterior to the central sulcus lies the motor cortex , responsible for the control of voluntary movement .
Immediately behind the distension the circular muscle contracts .
Immobilization may be temporary ( for example , by means of a plaster of Paris cast on a limb ) or it may be permanent .
Immobilization using a special collar is the principal treatment .
Immunization , using the Sabin vaccine ( taken orally ) or the Salk vaccine ( injected ) , is highly effective .
Immunization against smallpox has now totally eradicated the disease .
Immunization against tetanus is effective but temporally .
Immunization reduces the incidence and severity of the disease : the vaccine is usually given in a combined form ( see DPT vaccine ) .
Immunosuppressives are used to maintain the survival of organ and tissue transplants and to treat various autoimmune diseases , including rheumatoid arthritis .
Impacted faeces are so hard and dry that they cannot pass through the anus without special measures being taken ( see constipation ) .
Impaired function of the testes or ovaries , causing absence or impairment of the secondary sexual characteristics .
Impaired function of the valves of the heart or veins , which allows backward leakage of blood .
Impetigo is particularly common in babies and children , occurring mainly on the face and limbs .
Impetigo is very contagious , especially in communities of children , being readily spread by contact and via towels and face cloths .
Impetigo of the newborn is rare today but an outbreak may spread rapidly in a maternity unit .
Important examples are the hormone releasing factors produced by the cells of the hypothalamus and released into blood vessels of the pituitary gland , on which they act .
Important plant pigments include chlorophyll and the carotenoids .
Impotence may be erectile , in which the penis does not become firm enough to enter the vagina , or ejaculatory , in which penetration occurs but there is no ejaculation of semen ( orgasm ) .
Impulses are sent to the cardiac centre in the brain , which stimulates the vagus nerve and leads to a reflex slowing of the heart rate .
Impulses from some synapses cause excitation , and from others inhibition .
Impulses from the receptors reach centres in the medulla , from here autonomic activity is directed so that the heart rate and resistance of the peripheral blood vessels can be adjusted appropriately .
Impulses through the nerves from the brain bring about the regular contractions of the diaphragm during breathing .
In a basic stain the colour carried by a basic radical , is attracted to parts of the specimen having an acidic reaction .
In a child , downward chordee is an associated deformity in hypospadias and the more severe forms are corrected surgically .
In a cold abscess , sometimes due to tubercule organisms , there is swelling , but little pain or inflammation .
In a few patients the disease becomes progressive and resembles tuberculosis .
In a Jacksonian motor fit the convulsive movements might spread from the thumb to the hand , arm , and face ( this spread of symptoms is called the march ) .
In a meningomyelocele ( myelomeningocele , myelocele ) the spinal cord and the nerve roots are exposed , often adhering to the fine membrane that overlies them .
In a milder form of the disease only the skin is affected .
In a mononeuropathy a single nerve is affected and the extent of the symptoms depends upon the distribution of that nerve .
In a normal - sighted person this point of focus is on the retina , but distortion of the shape of the eyeball may result in myopia ( short - sightedness ) or hypermetropia ( long - sightedness ) .
In a normal or Gaussian distribution the number of readings and their range on either side of the mean value is symmetracal .
In a point ( or gene ) mutation there is a change in a single gene ; in a chromosome mutation there is a change in the structure or number of the chromosomes .
In a polyneuropathy many or all of the nerves are involved and the symptoms are most profound at the extremities of the limbs .
In a psychotherapist empathy is often considered to be one of the necessary qualities enabling successful treatment .
In a second degree burn both the epidermis and the underlying dermis are damaged .
In a simple reflex ( such as the patellar reflex ) only two neurones may be involved , but in other reflexes there may be several interneurones in the arc .
In a skewed distribution , the measurements are bunched on one side of the mean and spread out over a wider range on the other .
In a small minority , showing severe disability or pressure on nerve roots , surgical fusion may be required .
In a wounded patient , the loss of blood , which would lead to circulatory collapse , is an indication for blood transfusion .
In a young infant this is an opening , the anterior fontanelle .
In acroosteolysis the terminal bones of the fingers or toes are affected : a common feature of some disorders involving blood vessels ( including Raynaud 's disease ) , scleroderma , and systemic lupus erythematosus .
In active hyperaemia ( arterial hyperaemia ) the arterioles are relaxed and there is an increased blood flow .
In active negativism the individual does the opposite of what he is asked ( for example , he screws his eyes up when asked to open them ) .
In acupuncture , anaesthesia is induced by the manipulation of needles in a specified area of skin .
In acute bartholinitis the glands are blocked and an abscess develops .
In acute infections these are unimportant compared with benefit produced by the drugs .
In acute osteomyelitis , most common in children , there is severe pain , swelling , and redness at the site , often in the shaft of a long bone , accompanied by general illness and high fever .
In acute prostatitis the patient has all the symptoms of a urinary infection , including pain in the perineal area , temperature , and shivering .
In acute pyelonephritis , the patient has pain in the loins , a high temperature , and shivering fits .
In acute salpingitis there is a sharp pain in the lower abdomen , which may be mistaken for that of appendicitis , and the infection may spread to the membrane lining the abdominal cavity ( see peritonitis ) .
In addition , it contains a pigment , haemoglobin , with special affinity for oxygen .
In addition , suppression of normal intestinal bacteria may make the patient susceptible to infection with tetracycline resistant organisms .
In addition to clinical examination , a variety of imaging and surgical techniques may be employed to provide a more accurate assessment .
In addition to the rigid tubular metal type , used for many years , there is now a narrower flexible fibre - optic instrument with which previously inaccessible bronchi can be inspected .
In adiposis dolorosa , a condition affecting women more commonly than men , painful fatty swellings are associated with defects in the nervous system .
In adult life it causes mental and physical slowing , undue sensitivity to cold , slowing of the pulse . weight gain , and coarsening of the skin ( myxoedema ) .
In adult men , mumps can cause sterility .
In adults , because of the unyielding nature of the skull , hydrocephalus raises the intracranial pressure with consequent drowsiness and vomiting .
In adults astrocytomas are usually found in the cerebral hemispheres but in children they also occur in the cerebellum .
In adults it may be brought on by injury , disease ( e . g . Ménière 's disease ) , or prolonged exposure to loud noises .
In adverse conditions the nucleus and cytoplasm within the normal vegetative stage of the bacterium can become enclosed within a tough protective coat , allowing the cell to survive .
In affected individuals , the chromosome defect is usually not fully expressed .
In Africa and other tropical countries it is frequent , possible causes including fungi ( see aflatoxin ) and other ingested toxins .
In agnosic alexia ( word blindness ) the patient can not read because he is unable to identify the letters and words , but he retains the ability to write and his speech is normal .
In akinetic epilepsy there is a sudden loss of muscular tonicity , making the patient fall with momentary loss of consciousness .
In all persons over the age of 18 years this is a sensitive indication of disease in the brain or spinal cord .
In all these cases the fetish has replaced the normal object of sexual love , in some cases to the point at which sexual relationships with another person are impossible or are possible only if the fetish is either present of fantasized .
In all types of glaucoma the eventual problem is to reduce the intraocular pressure .
In American there are several forms of leishmaniasis ( see chiclero 's ulcer , espundia ) .
In amphibians MSH brings about colour changes in the skin but its physiological role in man is uncertain .
In amylopectin they form a branched chain .
In amylose the units are in the form of a long unbranched chian .
In an acid stain the colour is carried by an acid radical and the stain is taken up by parts of the specimen having a basic ( alkaline ) reaction .
In an allergic person , however , the reaction of allergen with tissue - bound antibody ( reagin ) also leads , as a side - effect , to cell damage , release of histamine and serotonin , inflammation , and all the symptoms of the particular allergy .
In anaphase I of meiosis the pairs of homologous chromosomes separate from each other .
In anencephaly and spina bifida the amount of afp in the fluid is greatly increased in the first six months of pregnancy , and this can be detected by amniocentesis .
In anovular menstruation , discharge takes place without previous release of an egg cell from the ovary .
In anthosis nigricans , dark warty growths occur , especially in skin folds such as the groin , armpits , and mouth .
In ascending urethrography a radio - opaque jelly is injected up the urethra using a special syringe and peneile clamp .
In Asia it is common in the form of oriental sore .
In at least half the cases of cirrhosis no cause is found ( crytogenic cirrhosis ) .
In atrophic rhinitis the mucous membrane becomes thinned and fragile .
In auditory agnosia the patient can hear but cannot interpret sounds ( including speech ) .
In babies it can cause asphyxia , particularly in diphtheria .
In blood films spherocytes appear smaller and stain more densely than normal red cells .
In bone tissue , lamellae are thin bands of calcified matrix arranged concentrically around a Haversian canal .
In both sexes excessive secretion of prolactin gives rise to abnormal production of milk ( galactorrhoea ) .
In both sexes the precursor cells undergo meiosis , which halves the number of chromosomes .
In boys they include the growth of facial and pubic hair and the breaking of the voice .
In Brazil these animals are a natural reservoir of the parasite Leishmania braziliensis , which causes espundia .
In Britain collection is organized by the National Blood Transfusion Servises , but the armed forces have their own services .
In Britain consultants are usually responsible for the care of patients in hospital wards but they are allowed to opt for some sessions in private practice in addition to any National Health Service commitments .
In Britain does the per capita payment from the appropriate social service department .
In Britain some workers with fluorescent light tubes were affected but this use was abolished in 1948 .
In Britain student nurses must receive a specified period of training in a hospital approved by the General Nursing Council and pass an examination before qualifying for the State Roll of Assistant Nurses ( State Enrolled Nurse ) or State Register of Nurses ( State Registered Nurse ) .
In Britain such cases are examined by the Pneumoconiosis Medical Panels , on whose advice statutory compensation for industrial injury is awarded .
In bulbar poliomyelitis the muscles of the respiratory system are involved and breathing is affected .
In cases associated with a different reaction the disorder is described as noneczematous dermatitis .
In cerebellar ataxia there is clumsiness of willed movements .
In certain abnormal conditions ( for example , starvation ) acetone and other ketones may accumulate in the blood ( see ketosis ) .
In certain circumstances healing does not occur and chronic inflammation ensues .
In certain disorders of the blood circulation to the eye , the pressure in the vessels is reduced and the vessels can be made to collapse by a pressure that is lower than normal .
In certain kidney diseases , notably acute glomerulonephritis , abnormal collections of renal tubular cells are shed from the kidney , often as a cast of the tubule .
In childhood , before the sutures of the skull have fused , hydrocephalus makes the head enlarge .
In childhood and adult life it represents intellectual ability relative to the rest of the population .
In childhood it usually reflects a developmental delay in learning to write correctly .
In children it can also represent rate of development ( mental age as a percentage of chronological age ) .
In children it may cause precocious puberty .
In children the usual site for the tumour is the leg , particularly the femur .
In chronic barthollinitis cysts may form in the glands .
In chronic bronchitis the patient coughs up excessive mucus secreted by enlarged bronchial mucous glands .
In chronic catarrhal rhinitis there is overgrowth of , and increased secretion by , the membrane .
In chronic poisoning a characteristic bluish marking of the gums ( " lead line " ) is seen and the peripheral nerves are affected ; there is also anaemia .
In chronic prostatitis the urinary symptoms are variable .
In chronic pyelonephritis , the kidneys become small and scarred and kidney failure ensures .
In ciliary staphyloma the sclera bulges over the ciliary body as a result of high pressure inside the eyeball .
In classical conditioning a stimulus not normally associated with a particular response is presented together with the stimulus that evokes the response automatically .
In classical conditioning this takes place when a conditioned stimulus is presented simultaneously with - or just before the unconditioned stimulus .
In classical medicine the term was used for the imbalance of the four humours , which was believed to be the basic cause of all diseases .
In cochlear deafness , while quiet sounds are heard with difficulty in the deaf ear compared with the normal one , louder sounds are heard equally well in both ears .
In column chromatography the components separate out along a column of a powdered absorbent , such as silica or aluminium oxide .
In common allergies the offending substance causes a patch of swelling and a typical red flare in the skin in 5 to 15 minutes .
In compulsory euthanasia , society or a person acting on authority gives instructions to terminate the life of a person , such as an infant , who cannot express his wishes .
In confined spaces the gas can prove fatal .
In conventional scalar electrocardiography 12 leads are recorded , but more may be employed in special circumstances ( for example , an oesophageal lead , from an electrode within the gullet , may be used in the analysis of arrhythmias ) .
In cordotomy the spinothalamic tracts are severed in the cervical region .
In covert sensitization the behaviour and an unpleasant feeling ( such as disgust ) are evoked simultaneously by verbal cues .
In cyclotropia the image is not separated from the normal one but tilted across it .
In dentistry , amalgam fillings are made by mixing a silver - tin alloy with mercury .
In dentistry pure gold is occasionally used as a filling .
In descending urethrography ( micturating cystourethrography , MCUG ) , X - rays of the urethra can be taken during the passing of water - soluble contrast material previously inserted into the bladder .
In dim light a set of radiating muscles contract and the constricting muscles relax , increasing the size of the pupil .
In dim light the pupil opens , due to stimulation of the sympathetic nervous system .
In diphtheria a pseudo - membrane forms in the throat .
In diploid organisms , including man , genes occur as pairs of alleles .
In direct ( internal or primary ) endometriosis , the endometrium may penetrate the muscular wall of the womb , the ovaries , or the abdominal wall .
In direct immunofluorescence , the antibody is labelled before being applied to the tissue .
In disease , a variety of other types may appear in the blood , most notably immature forms of the normal red or white blood cells .
In each case down a concentration gradient ( see pulmonary circulation ) .
In elderly people a relatively slight head injury may be tear the veins where they cross the space beneath the dura , giving rise to a subdural haematoma .
In elderly people it is quite common and of no more than cosmetic importance , but severe cases may be seen in certain disorders of fat metabolism .
In electrical terms it is the energy expended per second when a current of 1 ampere flows between two points on a conductor between which there is a potential difference of 1 volt . 1 watt = 107 ergs per second .
In electrical terms the joule is the work done per second when a current of 1 ampere flows through a resistance of 1 ohm .
In England , overall responsibility is vested in the Secretary of State for Health and Social Security assisted by a comprehensive department ( see Department of Health and Social Security ) .
In erythema multiforme , a disease caused by toxins in the blood , the eruption consists of circular or irregular red patches , commonly occurring on the backs of the arms and hands and sometimes accompanied by systemic disease .
In eunuchoid gigantism the tall stature is due to delayed puberty , which results in continued growth of the long bones before their growing ends ( epiphyses fuse ) .
In evolutionary terms it is one of the earliest parts of the hindbrain to develop in mammals .
In evolutionary terms it is the newest part , occurring only in mammals .
In evolutionary terms it is the newest part of the cerebrum , formed by the development of new pathways for sight and hearing in mammals .
In exophthalmic goitre ( Graves 's disease ) the swelling is associated with overactivity of the gland and is accompanied by other symptoms ( see thyrotoxicosis ) .
In eye disorders the techinique is used to destroy diseased retinal tissue , occurrring , for example , as a complication of diabetes ; and to produce scarring between the retina and choroid , thus binding them together , in cases of detached retina .
In fact the main substance released is the related substance noradrenaline , which also forms a portion of the adrenal secretion .
In fatal cases , death is often caused by heart and lung failure resulting from a malfunction of the cardiac and respiratory centres of the brain .
In favourable cases the buboes burst after about a week , releasing pus , and then heal .
In females it includes the ovaries , Fallopian tubes , womb ( uterus ) , vagina , and vulva ( see illustration ) .
In females it is perforated by the vaginal opening .
In females the milk ducts open at the nipple .
In free association the linkage of ideas arising in dreams or fantasy may be used to discover the underlying motives of the individual .
In Freudian terms it is a state in which the ego has taken itself as a love object .
In Freudian terms the ego is said to reconcile the demands of the id ( the instinctive unconscious mind ) , the superego ( moral conscience ) , and reality .
In front of the distension the circular muscle relaxes and the longitudinal muscle contracts , which pushes the contents of the tube forward .
In gaseous acidosis more than the normal amount of carbon dioxide is retained in the body , as in drowning .
In general , patients treated with sulphonamides should avoid exposure to direct sunlight .
In general , Regional Health Authorities ( RHA ) , whose members are all appointed by the Secretary of State , are responsible for overall planning and monitoring and for allocating funds to the District Health Authorities ( DHA ) .
In general , the causes of anterior and posterior uveitis are different .
In general the patients are offered places in the order in which their names were placed on the list , but in certain circumstances ( e . g . if the condition is potentially dangerous or painful ) the consultant may recommend urgent or even immediate admission .
In general their sight is adequate to permit the performance of tasks for which some vision is essential .
In generalized oedema there may be collections of fluid within the chest cavity ( pleural effusions ) , abdomen ( see ascites ) , or within the air spaces of the lung ( pulmonary oedema ) .
In girls they include the growth of pubic hair and the development of the breasts .
In gout , urataemia leads to deposition of urates in various parts of the body .
In Great Britain such diseases must be notified to the Proper Officer for the control of communicable diseases ( formerly to the Medical Officer of Health ) .
In Great Britain the commonest causes are diabetes mellitus , myopic degeneration , and glaucoma .
In green plants this complex process may be summarized thus : 6CO2 + 6H2O - C6H12O6 + 602 .
In health there are three major subdivisions : granulocytes , lymphocytes and monocytes , which are involved in protecting the body against foreign substances and in antibody production .
In healthy adults , haemopoiesis is confined to the bone marrow , but in embryonic life and in early infancy , as well as in certain diseases , it may occur in other sites ( extramedullary haemopoiesis ) .
In heavy infections these cysts can cause tissue degeneration and so provoke muscular pain and weakness .
In heterochromia iridis one iris differs in colour from the other .
In heterochromia iridum one part of the iris differs in colour from the rest .
In homonymous quadrantanopia the same quarter is lost in the field of vision of each eye .
In hospital , the breathing cycle is maintained by means of a respirator .
In human , men are the heterogametic sex .
In humans women are the homogametic sex , each egg cell carries an X chromosome .
In Huntington 's chorea the involuntary movements are accompanied by a progressive dementia : there is widespread neuronal degeneration throughout the brain .
In indirect immunofluorescence , the antibody is labelled after it has bound to the antigen , by means of fluorescein labelled anti - immunoglobulin serum .
In infancy the thymus controls the development of lymphoid tissue and immune response to microbes and foreign proteins ( accounting for allergic response , autoimmunity , and rejection of organ transplants ) .
In infants the breathing appears difficult and ineffectual .
In infection persists the lymph nodes in the neck may become tender and enlarged ( cervical adenitis ) .
In inferior lipodystrophy , fat is absent from the legs .
In insulin lipodystrophy , sometimes occurring in diabetics , it disappears from the areas at which insulin in injected .
In intermittent hydrosapinx so much fluid accumulates that some of it is forced into the womb .
In intracartilaginous ossification the bone replaces cartilage .
In intravenous pyelography ( excretion urography ) the contrast medium is injected into a vein and is concentrated and excreted by the kidneys ( see intravenous pyelogram ) .
In its absence , as in the immature lungs of premature babies and in some diseases , the lungs tend to collapse .
In its commonest from it consists of a steel or chrome tube , 25 cm long and 3 cm illumination and a bellows to inflate the bowel .
In its simplest form it consists of a hollow rubber bulb that is attached , via a valve system , to a tube inserted into the cavity .
In Jacksonian epilepsy the epileptic discharge spreads over the cerebral cortex , with the resulting manifestations spreading throuhgout the body .
In large enough doses almost any substance acts as a poison , but the term is usually reserved for substances , such as arsenic , cyanide , and strychnine , that are harmful in relative small amounts .
In large nerves the axon has a sheath ( neurilemma ) made of myelin .
In large numbers they may cause obstruction of the intestine .
In legal terms a narcotic is any addictive drug subject to illegal use .
In legal use the term denotes a child up to the age of seven years .
In living organisms the solvent is water and cell membranes function as semipermeable membranes , and the process of osmosis plays an important role in controlling the distribution of water .
In males it includes the testes , vasa deferentia , prostate gland , seminal vesicles , urethra , and penis .
In man , especially in Kalaazar patients , it is a small rounded structure , with no flagellum , called a Leishman - Donovan body , which is found within the cells of the lymphatic system , spleen , and bone marrow .
In man chromatophores containing melanin are found in the skin , hair , and eyes .
In man it forms a tubular cavity , the archenteric canal , which connects the amniotic cavity with the yolk sac .
In man it never develops properly and has no function , but in lower animals ( e . g . snakes ) it is one of the major organs of olfaction .
In man it refers to the products of conception from the beginning of the third month of pregnancy until birth .
In man oxygen is absorbed into the blood from air breathed into the lungs .
In man phosphorus is mostly concentrated in bone .
In man the allantois is always very small and by the end of pregnancy the amnion and chorion have fused into a single membrane and the yolk sac has disappeared .
In man the disease attacks either the lungs , causing pneumonia ( woolsorter 's disease ) , or the skin , producing severe ulceration ( known as malignant pustule ) .
In man the flukes can produce serious symptoms ( see heterophyiasis ) .
In man the gametes are haploid following meiosis .
In man the pinna is largely vestigial but it may be partly concerned with detecting the direction of sound sources .
In man the term refers to the products of conception within the womb in the first eight weeks of development , during which time all the main organs are formed ( see illustration ) .
In many cases the site of origin of the tumour may be identified by the nature of the cells it contains .
In many microscopes interchangeable objectives with different powers of magnification are provided .
In medical usage electrolyte usually means the ion itself , thus the term serum electrolyte level means the concentration of separate ions ( sodium , potassium , chloride , bicarbonate , etc . ) in the circulating blood .
In medicine it refers to the study of the form and gross structure of the various parts of the human body .
In medicine the most commonly used scintillator is a crystal of thallium activated sodium iodine .
In medicine this includes consideration of the proper behaviour of a doctor towards his patient , whether a patient should be told if his condition is fatal or not , and similar problems for which there may be Hippocratic oath .
In men excessive production of oestrogen gives rise to feminization .
In mental illness it is often a false belief that the individual is persecuted by others , is very powerful , is controlled by others , or is a victim of physical disease ( see paranoia ) .
In mitosis and anaphase II of meiosis the chromatids separate , becoming daughter chromosomes , and move apart along the spindle fibres towards opposite ends of the cell .
In modern apparatus the electric currents induced in the tissues have frequencies of up to 25,000 million cycles per second 
In monostotic fibrous dysplasia one bone is affected .
In more serious arrhythmias , the Stokes - Adams syndrome or cardiac arrest may occur .
In most appointments the DMO also acts as Proper Officer to the appropriate local authority , giving epidemiological and other medical advice to the Environmental Health Officer .
In most cases , provided fluid losses are replaced , recovery occurs within 7 - 10 days .
In most cases paralysis does not occur : in abortive poliomyelitis only the throat and intestines are infected and the symptoms are those of a stomach upset or influenza .
In most cases recovery occurs naturally but treatment with ampicllin or chloramphenicol reduces the severity of symptoms .
In most cases the cause is unknown , but the deformity may sometimes be due to an imbalance between the muscles flexing the toes and the shorter muscles that extend them .
In most cases the condition is associated with certain typical changes in the skin that are described as eczema ( eczematous dermatitis ) .
In most cases the disease appears to originate in the uveal tract itself , but it may occur secondarily to disease of other parts of the eye , particularly of the cornea and sclera .
In most cases the fetus dies within three months of conception and is absorbed into the woman 's body .
In most cases the light simply aggravates already existing discomfort from eye disease .
In most cases the symptoms soon subside by patients are susceptible to pneumonia and middle ear infections .
In most cases there is no other ocular disease .
In negative feedback , a rise in the output of a substance ( e . g . a hormone ) will inhibit a further increase in its production , either directly or indirectly .
In no country is either voluntary or compulsory euthanasia legal , although many societies exist to promote the cause of voluntary euthanasia .
In nonemetic ( lower ) dosage , apormorphine has sedative , hypnotic , and expectorant actions .
In nonparalytic poliomyelitis these symptoms are accompanied by muscle stiffness , particularly in the neck and back .
In normal individuals homogentisic acid is oxidized by the enzyme homogentisic acid oxidase .
In normal individuals it is maintained at about 37oC ( 98 , 4oF ) .
In oligospermia , the sperm usually have poor motility and often include many bizarre and immature forms .
In one of these , paper chromatography , a sample of the mixture is placed at the edge of a sheet of filter paper .
In operant conditioning a response is rewarded ( or punished ) each time it occurs , so that in time it comes to occur more ( or less ) frequently ( see reinforcement ) .
In operant conditioning it takes place when a pleasurable event ( or reinforcer ) , such as a reward , follows immediately after some behaviour .
In operations , gauze swabs are used to clean blood from the site ; such swabs are always carefully counted and contain a radio - opaque " tag " to facilitate identification should it by mischance remain in the body after operation .
In ophthalmology it is an operation in which the eyeball is removed but the other structures in the socket ( e . g . eye muscles ) are left in place .
In other cases , however , there is no history of asbestos exposure .
In other cases bleeding under the skin , producing black patches , can lead to ulcers , which may prove fatal ( hence the former name Black Death ) .
In other mammals it secretes the hormone - like substance melatonin .
In pancreatic cancer the phlebitis may affect a variety of veins ( thrombophlebitis migrans ) .
In panproctocolectomy the whole rectum and colon are removed , necessitating a permanent opening of the ileum ( see ileostomy ) .
In partial ( or subtotal ) gastrectomy the upper third or half of the stomach is joined to the duodenum or small intestine ( gastroenterostomy ) .
In partial or incomplete heart block conduction between atria and ventricles is delayed ( first degree heart block ) or not all the impulses are conducted from the atria to the ventricles ( second degree heart block ) .
In partial pancreatectomy only a portion of the gland is removed .
In partial thyroidectomy , only the diseased part of the gland is removed .
In passive hyperaemia the blood flow from the affected parts is obstructed .
In passive negativism the person fails to cooperate ( for example , he does not eat ) .
In paste form it is the main component of zinc dental cement .
In Pavlov 's classic experiments , dogs learned to associate the sound of a bell with feeding time and would salivate at the bell 's sound whether food was then presented to them or not .
In persistent cases treatment may require the affected sinus to be washed out or drained by a surgical operation .
In Peyronie 's disease , this is due to a localized fibrous plaque in the penis , which fails to engorge on erection .
In pharmacy medicines are prepared in the form of emulsions to disguise the taste of an oil , which is dispersed in a flavoured liquid .
In physical dependence withdrawal of the drug causes specific symptoms ( with drawal symptoms ) , such as sweating , vomiting , or tremors , that are reversed by further doses .
In planning an amputation the surgeon takes account of the patient 's work and the type of artificial part that will be fitted .
In plants , carbohydrates are important structural materials ( e . g . cellulose ) and storage products ( commonly in the form of starch ) .
In Plasmodium sporozoites are formed by repeated divisions of the contents of the oocyst inside the body of the mosquito .
In positive feedback , a rise in the output of a substance is associated with an increase in the output of another substance , either directly or indirectly .
In posterior rhizotomy the posterior ( sensory ) nerve roots are cut for the relief of intractable pain in the organs served by these nerves .
In practice , the term is often used for conditions not strictly inflammatory ; for example retinitis pigmentosa , a noninflammatory hereditary condition involving progressive degeneration of the retina .
In practice a more reliable estimate of variance is obtained by dividing the sum of the squared deviations by one less than the total number of observations .
In practice industrial exposure to coal dust ( anthracosis ) , silica ( see sillicosis ) , and asbestos ( see asbestosis ) produces most of the cases of pneumoconiosis .
In practice the distinction between neurosis and psychosis is often blurred , as the amount of insight retained is very variable .
In practice this strict definition is not always obeyed .
In primary adhesion there is very little granulation tissue .
In primary amenorrhoea , the menstrual periods fail to appear at puberty , often because of a congenital defect ( e . g . Turner 's syndrome ) .
In primary amyloidosis the disorder arises without any apparent cause .
In proctagia fugax , severe pain suddenly affects the rectum and may last for minutes or hours .
In prosperous countries neonatal deaths account for about two - thirds of infant mortalities , the majority being in the first week .
In pseudomyxoma peritonei material from a myxoma , usually in the ovary , is spilled into the peritoneal cavity and continues to be produced within the abdomen , often to massive proportions .
In psychoanalytic psychology , unconscious fantasies are supposed to control behaviour , so that psychological symptoms can be symbols of or defences against such fantasies ( see symbolism ) .
In psychoanalytic psychology this is one of the defence mechanisms .
In psychoanalytic theory , the libido ( like the death instinct ) is one of the fundamental sources of energy for all mental life .
In pulmonary emphysema the air sacs ( alveoli ) of the lungs are enlarged and damaged , which reduces the surface area for the exchange of oxygen and carbon dioxide .
In pulmonary tuberculosis formerly known as consumption and phthisis ( wasting ) , the bacillus is inhaled into the lungs where it sets up a primary tubercle and speads to the nearest lymph nodes ( the primary complex ) .
In radiology it denotes a view in the coronal plane .
In rare cases both eyes look towards the same point but one is twisted clockwise or anticlockwise in relation to the other ( cyclotropia ) .
In rare cases this enzyme is lacking and a condition known as alcaptonuria , in which large amounts of homogentisic acid are excreted in the urine , results .
In rare instances this is associated with recurrent abdominal pain , probably due to inadequate drainage of the dorsal pancreas .
In relation to body size the thymus is largest at birth .
In renal acidosis , kidney failure results in excessive loss of bicarbonate or retention of phosphoric and sulphuric acids .
In retinal angiography it is injected into a vein and its circulation through the blood vessels of the retina is viewed and photographed by a special camera .
In retinal disease the pattern of electrical change is altered .
In retrograde pyelography , fine catheters are passed up the ureter to the kidney at cystoscopy and contrast material is injected directly into the renal pelvis to allow X - ray examination .
In Scotland ( for which there is separate Act ) the Secretary of State is also responsible and there is an intermediate tier by which districts are grouped into areas ( see Chief Administrative Medical Officer ) .
In secondary adhesion the two edges are joined together by granulation tissue .
In secondary amenorrhoea the menstrual periods stop after establishment at puberty , for a great variety of reasons including disorders of the hypothalamus ( a part of the brain ) , deficiency of ovarian hormone , pituitary or thyroid gland deficiency , diabetes , mental disturbance , depression , anorexia nervosa , change of surroundings , and removal of the womb or ovaries .
In secondary biliary cirrhosis ( in which surgery may relieve obstruction ) ; and in cardiac cirrhosis ( in which cardiac failure that can be treated ) .
In secondary dysmenorrhoea painful menstruation is experienced at some stage following the establishment of normal periods , for reasons including inflammation of the womb lining , the presence of tumours in the muscles of the womb , blockage of the blood flow , and mental disturbance .
In selective vagotomy the branches of the nerve to the gall bladder and pancreas are left intact .
In serious burns , affecting 15 % or more of the body surface in adults ( 10 % or more in children ) , this loss of plasma results in severe shock and requires immediate transfusion of blood or saline solution .
In severe cases peripheral circulatory failure ( cardiogenic shock ) develops , with unrecordable blood pressure , weak pulses , and suppression of urine production .
In severe cases surgery may be required .
In severe cases the obstruction may require treatment by tracheostomy or nasotracheal intubation .
In severe cases the spasm may affect the whole body , which is arched backwards ( see opisthotonos ) .
In severe cases the spine becomes completely rigid , through fusion of its joints , and kyphosis results .
In severe cases the tubes may become blocked with scar tissue and the patient will be unable to conceive .
In severe cases there is stress on the knee , ankle , and foot joints , resulting eventually in degenerative arthritis .
In severe cases there may be acute shortness of breath due to fluid collecting in the lungs ( pulmonary oedema ) , which requires treatment by diuretics and return to a lower altitude .
In severe forms the nervous system is affected ( see subacute combined degeneration of the cord ) .
In severe incompatibility , for example between completely unrelated people , there are likely to be swift immune reactions as antibodies attack and destroy and offending antigenic material .
In SI units the litre is treated as a special name for the cubic decimetre , but is not used when a high degree of accuracy is required ( 1 litre = 1.0000028 dm3 ) .
In small doses it was formerly widely used in " tonics " .
In small doses nicotine has a stimulating effect on the autonomic nervous system , causing in regular smokers such effects as raised blood pressure and pulse rate and impaired appetite .
In some bacteria a minute projection on the donor 'male ' cell ( a pilus ) forms a bridge with the recipient ' female ' cell through which the DNA is transferred .
In some cases of pulmonary embolism , embolectomy may be life saving .
In some cases serious abscess formation occurs , but generally recovery is complete .
In some cases the bacilli spread from the lungs to the bloodstream , setting up millions of tiny tubercles throughout the body ( miliary tuberculosis ) , or migrate to the meninges to cause tuberculous meningitis .
In some cases the heart rhythm can be restored to normal by cardioversion .
In some cases the liver is affected , causing hepatitis , or the spleen is enlarged .
In some cases the woman feels revulsion towards sexual activity .
In some cases treatment with cortisone derivatives may be beneficial .
In some cases varicocele is associated with a poor sperm count ( see oligospermia ) sufficient to cause infertility .
In some diabetic patients insulin provokes the formation of anti - insulin antibodies , which combine with the insulin .
In some instances it is removed by a balloon catheter , which is manipulated beyond the embolus from a small arteriotomy in an accessible artery .
In some normal pregnancies fetal movements may never be felt .
In some operations for cataract the lens capsule is not removed and tends to become opaque .
In some patients , hearing may be affected so that sounds seem abnormally loud , and a loss of taste sensation may occur .
In some patients the cause is not serious ; in others it is never found .
In some people , however , achlorhydria is not associated with any disease , produces no ill effects , and needs no treatment .
In some regions ( particularly the intestinal tract ) microvilli form a dense covering on the free surface of the cells : this is called a brush border .
In some viruses RNA is the genetic material .
In some women the symptoms disappear if a small amount of food is eaten before rising in the morning .
In spina bifida the bony arches of the spina , which protect the spinal cord and its coverings ( the meninges ) , fail to close .
In spontaneous version the position of the fetus alters because of the natural contraction of the womb muscle .
In squamous blepharitis , often associated with dandruff of the scalp , white scales accumulate among the lashes .
In subtotal pancreatectomy most of the gland is removed , usually leaving a small part close to the duodenum .
In subtotal thyroidectomy , a method of treating thyrotoxicosis , the surgeon removes 90 % of the gland .
In such cases increased doses are necessary to produce the desired effect .
In such cases the cysts are usually surgically removed .
In such cases the kidneys can usually be stimulated to get rid of the excess fluid by the administration of diuretic drugs .
In such conditions methaemalbumin can be detected in both the blood and urine .
In surgery laser can be used to operate on small areas of abnormality ( for example , in the retina of the eye ) without damaging delicate surrounding tissue .
In surgical emphysema air may escape into the tissues of the chest and neck from leaks in the lungs or oesophagus .
In tension pneumothorax a breach in the lung surface acts as a valve , admitting air into the pleural cavity when the patient breathes in but preventing its escape when he breathes out .
In the absence of a high fluid intake , sleep is not normally interrupted by the need to pass urine .
In the absence of permanent successors they can remain functional for many years .
In the absence of pregnancy the endometrium undergoes perioder development and degeneration ( see menstrual cycle ) .
In the absence of these vitamins , formiminoglutamic acid ( figlu ) - an intermediate product in histidine metabolism - accumulates and can be detected in the urine .
In the absence of treatment , death occurs in approximately 50 % of cases , due to severe liver damage .
In the adult hyaline cartilage is found in the costal cartilages , larynx , trachea , bronchi , nose , and at the joints of movable bones .
In the adult it becomes part of the right atrium .
In the adult it normally exists in the form of a solid fibrous cord connecting the bladder with the umbilicus , but it may presist abnormallly as a patent duct .
In the adult the sacral and coccygeal vertebrae become fused into two single bones ( sacrum and coccyx , respectively ) .
In the air sacs of the lungs ( alveoli ) gas exchange is most efficient when matched by adequate blood flow ( perfusion ) .
In the body toxins act as antigens , and special antibodies ( antitoxins ) are formed to neutralize their effects .
In the brain grey matter forms the cerebral cortex and the outer layer of the cerebellum .
In the brain the symptoms are more serious , including mental deterioration , paralysis , giddiness , epileptic attacks , and convulsions , which may be fatal .
In the brain the tumour is a cause of focal epilepsy and gradually progressive neurological disability .
In the brain the white matter lies within the grey layer of cerebral cortex .
In the British National Health Service patients on the practice list of a GP receive care without payment on an open - access basis .
In the case of injury , the pupil is usually , larger than normal and moves little , if at all , in response to light and drugs .
In the case of sagging breasts , skin and glandular tissue are removed and the remaining breast tissue is fixed in the normal possition .
In the central nervous system , besides acetylcholine and noradrenaline , dopamine , serotonin , gamma - aminobutyric acid and several other substances are thought to act as transmitters .
In the conventional ECG , 12 leads are recorded .
In the deciduous dentition , molars are the fourth and fifth teeth from the midline on each side in each jaw .
In the development of an allergy , an indivudual becomes sensitized to a particular allergen and reaches a state of hypersensitivity .
In the female the ovaties descend only slightly within the abdominal cavity and the gubernacula persist as the round ligaments connecting the ovaries and uterus to the abdominal wall .
In the female these ducts develop into the Fallopian tubes , womb , and part of the vagina .
In the fetus and infant cartilage occurs in many parts of the body , but most of this cartilage disappears during development .
In the final stage the placenta and membranes are pushed out by the continuing contraction of the womb , which eventually returns to its unexpanded state .
In the first stage the muscular wall of the womb begins contracting while the muscle fibres of the cervix relax so that the cervix expands .
In the forearm it supplies the muscles with motor nerves ; lower down it divides into several branches that supply the skin of the palm and fourth and fifth fingers .
In the Hottentots of Africa this is a normal condition , thought to be an adaptation that allows fat storage without impeding heat loss from the rest of the body .
In the indirect ophthalmoscope an image of the inside of the eye is formed between the subject and the examiner ; it is this image that the examiner sees .
In the insect carrier it is long and flagellated .
In the kidney , blood is subjected to ultrafiltration to remove the unwanted water , urea , and other waste material that goes to make up urine .
In the laboratory , they are used to identify unknown organisms responsible for infection ( see agglutination ) .
In the large intestine Lieberkuhn 's glands are longer and contain more mucus - secreting cells .
In the later stages of the disease the mere sight of water induces convulsions and paralysis .
In the latter case the thickness of the replacement cornea is correspondingly reduced .
In the latter the anaesthetic is injected into the outer lining of the cord .
In the male they guide and possibly move the testes into the scrotum before birth .
In the Mantoux test a quantity of tuberculin is injected beneath the skin and a patch of inflammation appearing in the next 18 - 24 hours is regarded as a positive reaction , meaning that a degree of immunity is present .
In the Middle Ages the disease was known as St . Anthony 's fire , because of the inflamed appearance of the tissues afflicted with gangrene and the belief that is pilgrimage to St . Anthony 's tomb would result in cure .
In the modern brain it corresponds to the cerebral cortex .
In the more common chronic form , many patients survive without treatment .
In the more precise matched pair study every individual with the disease in paired with a control matched on the basis of age , sex , or occupation in order to place greater emphasis on a factor for which the pairs have not been matched .
In the most common variety ( talipes equinovarus ) the foot is twisted downwards and inwards so that the patient walks on the outer edge of the upper surface of his foot .
In the most serious cases bacteria enter the blood - stream ( septicaemic plague ) or lungs ( pneumonic plague ) ; if untreated , these are nearly always fatal .
In the most severe form there are delusions of ill health , usually due to underlying depression .
In the operation of transurethral prostatectomy ( transurethral resection ) the obstructing prostate can be removed through the urethra using a resectoscope .
In the original form , prefrontal leucotomy ( lobotomy ) , the operation involved cutting through the nerve fibres connecting the frontal lobe with the thalamus and the association fibres of the frontal lobe .
In the past diphtheria was the most common cause , but now croup generally results from a viral infection of the respiratory tract ( see laryngotracheobronchitis ) .
In the past ulcerative gingivitis has been called Vincent 's angina ; in its severe form it is known as noma .
In the penis a third sinus , the corpus spongiosum , encloses the urethra and extends into the glans .
In the permanent dentition , the sixth , seventh , or eighth tooth from the midline on each side in each jaw ( see also wisdom tooth ) .
In the positive pressure respirator air is blown into the patients 's lungs via a tube passed either through the mouth into the trachea or through a tracheostomy .
In the primary form there is an influenza - like illness that usually resolves within about eight weeks .
In the retina , light - sensitive cells ( see cone , rod ) send nerve impulses to the brain via the optic nerve .
In the second stage the baby 's head appears at the cervix and the contractions of the womb strengthen .
In the skin these are found in the dermis .
In the small intestine that lie between the villi .
In the spinal cord crescent - shaped areas of grey matter ( seen in cross section ) are known as the dorsal and ventral horns .
In the spinal cord it causes paraplegia and the Brown - Séquard syndrome .
In the spinal cord it is between the arms of the X - shaped central core of grey matter .
In the spinal cord the grey matter lies centrally and is surrounded by white matter .
In the static perimeter the movable object is replaced by a system of tiny lights , set in a black background , that can be flashed singly or in patterns .
In the sympathetic nervous system , postganglionic fibres are adrenergic , unlike those in the parasympathetic system , which are cholinergic .
In the sympathetic nervous system chains of ganglia are found on each side of the spinal cord , while in the parasympathetic system ganglia are situated in or nearer to the organs innervated .
In the treatment of sexual problems , when the patient does not have a partner to cooperate in treatment , a surrogare provided by the therapist acts as a sexual partner who gives service to the patient up to and including intercourse .
In the UK deliberate overdosing is the commenest cause of admission to hospital medical wards and it is estimated that some 85 % of attempted suicides are happy to have survived .
In the untreated acute form death may follow in 2 - 20 days .
In the US qualified dentists and pharmacists also use the courtesy title Doctor .
In the US the degree is awarded on qualification .
In the USA C . discalis is a vector of tularaemia .
In the USA embalming is a routine hygienic measure .
In the USA the term is applied to any authorized medical practitioner .
In these cases melanin or its precursors ( melanogens ) may be excreted in the urine and the whole of the skin may be deeply pigmented .
In these the ratios of subgroups are expressed as percentages of that for a designated or standard population ( e . g . England and Wales ) , particularly applied to the age bracket 15 - 64 years .
In third degree or complete heart block no impulses are conducted and the ventricles beat at their own slow intrinsic rate ( 20 - 40 per minute ) .
In this case a common source of the embolus is a blood clot within the heart in mitral valve disease or following myocardial infarction .
In this condition , which may affect one or both ureters , there is a segment of normal ureter of varying length at the extreme lower end of the bladder , above which the ureter is enormously dilated .
In this condition there is usually an absence of secretion of intrinsic factor , which will lead to pernicious anaemia .
In this example the threshold can be measured directly in term of degrees .
In this facilitated state a small additional depolarization will suffice to trigger off an impulse in the cell .
In this from of urinary diversion , which by passes the bladder , the ureters are attached to the sigmoid colon ( see ureterosigmoidostomy ) .
In this position it can act as a sexual organ , capable of entering the vagina and ejaculating semen .
In this position the bones of the forearm ( radius and ulna ) are crossed .
In this sense absence of insight is a feature of psychosis .
In this sense insight is enhanced by psychotherapy .
In this way a characteristic in a family may appear to " skip " a generation .
In this way anaesthesia can be localized , so that minor operations can be performed without the necessity of giving a general anaesthetic .
In this way he is able to cope with progressively closer approximations to the feared object or situation .
In those parts of the body supplied by the damaged segment there is a flaccid weakness and loss of feeling in the skin .
In threatened abortion there is abdominal pain and bleeding from the womb but the fetus is still alive .
In thus includes the study of the links between smoking and cancer , and diet and coronary disease , as well as communicable diseases .
In tissue cultures infected with the virus , cells merge together to form a conglomerate ( syncytium ) .
In total hysterectomy the entire womb is removed .
In trigeminal neuralgia ( tic douloureux ) there are brief paroxysms of searing pain felt in the distribution of one or more branches of the trigeminal nerve in the face .
In ulcerative endocarditis , such outgrowths , consisting of fibrin with enmeshed blood cells , are found on the membrane lining the heart valves .
In unresponsive cases sympathectomy is of value .
In untreated cases , the infection may spread throughout the reproductive system , causing sterility .
In uterine inertia the muscular wall of the womb fails to contract adequately during labour , making the process excessively long .
In uterine subinvolution the womb does not revert to its normal size during the six weeks following childbrith .
In very dilute solutions it can be used as an effective mouthwash for the control of infections of the mouth .
In visual agnosia the patient can see but cannot interpret symbols , including letters ( see alexia ) .
In voluntary euthanasia the sufferer asks for measures to be taken to end his life .
In Western countries it is rare in normal livers , but often develops in patients with cirrhosis .
In wet cupping the skin was previously cut , so that blood would actually flow into the cup and could be removed .
In women excessive production of androgens gives rise to masculinization .
In women it also contains the ovaries and womb .
In women its occurrence is much more variable , being dependent upon a number of physiological and psychological factors .
In word association tests , stimulus words are produced to which the subject has to respond as quickly as possible .
Inability in a man to have sexual intercourse .
Inability in a woman to conceive or in a man to induce conception .
Inability of an organ or part , such as the heart or kidney , to carry out its normal function .
Inability of the kidneys to produce either a concentrated or a dilute urine .
Inability or refusal to speak ; dumbness .
Inability to control bowel movements ( faecal incontinence ) .
Inability to fall asleep or to remain asleep for an adequate length of time , so that tiredness is virtually permanent .
Inability to fix the attention on any subject , due to poor eye - sight , defective hearing , or mental weakness .
Inability to have children , due either to infertility or ( in someone who has been fertile ) to a surgical operation ( see sterilization ) .
Inability to identify a part of the body that has been touched .
Inability to pass urine , which is retained in the urine , which is retained in the bladder .
Inability to sense the positions and movements of parts of the body , with consequent disordered physical activity .
Inabolity to speak may result from brain damage ( see aphasia ) .
Incision into a varicose vein ( see phlebectomy ) .
Incision into or surgical removal of an ovary .
Incision into the bone at the front of the pelvis ( pubic symphysis ) in order to enlarge the diameter of the birth passage and aid delivery .
Incision into the rectum or anus to relieve stricture ( narrowing ) of these canals or to open an imperforate ( closed ) anus .
Incision of the eardrum to create an artificial opening , which relieves pressure and allows drainage of fluid from an inflamed middle ear ( otitis media ) .
Incision of the hymen at the entrance to the vagina .
Incision of the womb , either through the abdominal wall or the vagina .
Included in the IMR are the neonatal death rate ( calculated from deaths occurring the first four weeks of life ) and postneonatal death rate ( from deaths in the remainder of the first year ) .
Incompatibility between Rh - positive and Rh - negative blood is an important cause of blood transfusion reactions and haemolytic disease of the newborn .
Incomplete separation of daughter cells leads to the formation of colonies of different numbers and arrangements of cells .
Incorrect dosage may result in haemorrhage .
Incorrect or inadequate food intake or disease may predispose a person to fatigue .
Increase in size of the hands , feet , and the face due to excessive production of growth hormone ( somatotrophin ) by a tumour of the anterior pituitary gland .
Increase in the size of a tissue or organ brought about by the enlargement of its cells rather than by cell multiplication ( as during normal growth and tumour formation ) .
Increase in the size of an organ or structure caused by excessive growth of cells that have a packing or supporting role but do not contribute directly to its functioning .
Increase in the size of the breasts because of multiplication and growth ( hyperplasia ) of normal mammary gland cells .
Increased secretion of urine by the kidneys .
Increased standards of hygiene in midwifery and the use of such antibiotics as penicillin have reduced the numbers of deaths caused by puerperal fever from the formerly high level almost to nil .
Indeed a letter from the secretary of the CHC showing an interest in such a complaint with usually ensure serious consideration even though the CHC lack the authority of the health service commissioner to investigate complaints .
Indeterminate leprosy is a form of the disease in which skin manifestations types .
Indican is formed by the conjugation of indoxyl with sulphuric acid .
Indiscriminate violence and destructiveness , occurring especially during a period of mental confusion due to eplilepsy .
Individual bones may be classed as long , short , flat , or irregular .
Individual tumours may spread by one or all of the above routes , although carcinoma is said classically to metastasize via the lymphatics and sarcoma via the bloodstream .
Individual vertebrae bound together by ligaments and intervertebral discs .
Individuals inheriting the disease from both parents are severely affected ( thalassaemia major ) , but those inheriting it from only one parent are usually symptom - free .
Induction of labour is attempted if pregnancy has continued considerably beyond the expected date of birth or if there is a risk to the health of mother or infant .
Induction or attempted induction of abortion are both criminal offences in Britain unless carried out within the terms of the Abortion Act .
Industrial diseases , associated with a particular industry or group of industries , fall within this category .
Industrial substances are a common cause of noneczematous dermatitis , which is sometimes called occupational dermatitis .
Infantile colic is common among babies , due to wind in the intestine associated with feeding difficulties .
Infantile or congenital glaucoma , increased pressure within the eye due to a defect in the development of the tissues through which fluid drains from the eye .
Infants and obese people are susceptible to prickly heat , which is most common in hot moist weather .
Infection enters through scratches or cuts on the hands , and is normally confined to a finger or hand , which becomes reddened , sometimes systemic illness develops .
Infection is conveyed to the kidneys , causing recurrent attacks of acute pyelonephritis and scarring of the kidneys in childhood .
Infection occurs by contamination of wounds by bacterial spores .
Infection of the meninges results in paralysis of the limbs and of the muscles of the neck and back .
Infection with a yeastlike fungus of the genus Candida , usually the species C . albicans .
Infection with tuberculosis was a common cause .
Infections giving rise to granulomata include tuberculosis , Wegener 's granuloma , leprosy , and some fungal diseases , such as coccidiodomycosis .
Infections often require specific drug treatment , e . g . with antiboitics .
Infectious hepatitis ( epidemic hepatitis , epimemic jaundice ) is transmitted by food or drink contaminated by a carrier or patient and commonly occurs where sanitation is poor .
Infective enteritis is caused by viruses or bacteria .
Infective oesophagitis is most commonly due to a fungus ( Candida ) infection in debilitated patients , especially those being treated with antibiotics , corticosteroids , and immunosuppressive drugs , but is occasionally due to viruses ( such as cytomegalovirus or herpes virus ) .
Inferior dental block is routinely performed to allow dental procedures to be carried out on the lower teeth on one side of the mouth .
Inferior laryngotomy , in which an incision is made in the cricothyroid membrane beneath the larynx , is a life - saving operation when there is obstruction to breathing at or above the larynx .
Infestation of the crab louse , phthirus pubic , which causes intense itching ; continued scratching by the patient may result in bacterial infection of the skin .
Infiltration anaesthesia is routinely used to anaesthetize upper teeth to allow dental procedures to be carried out .
Infiltration of the liver , kidneys , spleen , and other tissues with amyloid , a starchlike substance .
Infinitesimally small , as applied to the dose of a drug .
Inflammation and obstruction of the larynx in young children ( usually aged between six months and two years ) .
Inflammation and swelling of the skin folds and tissues surrounding a fingernail or toenail .
Inflammation and thickening of the walls of the vessels and their eventual blocking is commonly caused by the parasitic filarial worms Wuchereria bancrofti and Brugia malayi .
Inflammation and ulceration of the colon and rectum .
Inflammation around the crown of a tooth , particularly a partially erupted third molar .
Inflammation confined to the iris and cilairy body , which are commonly inflamed together , is called anterior uveitis , that confined to the choroid is termed posterior uveitis .
Inflammation confined to the posterior chamber of the eye , i . e . the part behind the lens .
Inflammation in the tissues around the bladder , causing pain in the pelvis , fever , and symptoms of cystitis .
Inflammation in the ventricles of the brain , usually caused by infection .
Inflammation involving both the lung and pleura .
Inflammation involving both the ureter and the renal pelvis ( see ureteritis , pyelitis ) .
Inflammation involving the whole of the interior of the eye .
Inflammation of a bone associated with pain : the deposition of abnormal bony tissue seen on X - ray ( see osteoclerosis ) .
Inflammation of a bursa , resulting from injury , infection , or rheumatiod synovitis .
Inflammation of a diverticulum , most commonly of one or more colonic diverticula .
Inflammation of a Fallopian tube , with the formation of pus .
Inflammation of a Fallopian tube and an ovary .
Inflammation of a finger or toe , causing swelling and pain .
Inflammation of a finger or toe caused by bone infection ( as in tuberculous osteomyelitis ) or rheumatic disease .
Inflammation of a gland or group of glands .
Inflammation of a serous membrane , such as the lining of the thoracic cavity ( pleura ) .
Inflammation of a tendon . It occurs most commonly after excessive overuse but is sometimes due to bacterial infection ( e . g . gonorrgoea ) , or a generalized rheumatic disease ( e . g . rheumatoid arthritis , ankylosing spondylitis ) .
Inflammation of a tendon sheath , producing pain , swelling , and an audible creaking on movement .
Inflammation of a tube , most commonly applied to inflammation of one or both of the Fallopian tubes caused by bacterial infection spreading from the vagina or womb or carried in the blood .
Inflammation of an ovary , either on the surface or within the organ .
Inflammation of an ovary and Fallopian tube , with the formation of pus .
Inflammation of any part of the uveal tract of the eye , either the iris ( iritis ) , ciliary body ( cyclitis ) , or choroid ( choroiditis ) .
Inflammation of bone , due to infection , damage , or metabolic disorder .
Inflammation of cartilage and surrounding soft tissues , usually due to chronic infection .
Inflammation of fibrous connective tissue , especially an acute inflammation of back muscles and their sheaths , causing pain and stiffness .
Inflammation of hair follicles in the skin , commonly caused by infection .
Inflammation of lymph nodes , which become swollen , painful , and tender .
Inflammation of one or more joints , characterized by swelling , warmth , redness of the overlying skin , pain , and restriction of motion .
Inflammation of one or more of the mucous - lined air spaces in the facial bones that communicate with the nose ( the paranasal sinuses ) .
Inflammation of one or more of the synovial joint between the posterior arches of the vertebrae ( apophyseal joints ) .
Inflammation of one or more valves , particularly the heart valves .
Inflammation of the aorta , which most commmonly occurs as a late complication of syphilis .
Inflammation of the arterioles ( the smallest arteries ) , which may complicate severe hypertension .
Inflammation of the bone marrow due to infection .
Inflammation of the brain and its membranous coverings ( the meninges ) caused by infection , as with the mumps virus or Brucella ( the bacterium causing brucellosis ) .
Inflammation of the breast , usually caused by bacterial infection through damaged nipples .
Inflammation of the bronchi ( see bronchus ) .
Inflammation of the bronchioles , due to infection by bacteria or viruses .
Inflammation of the caesum : formerly a common diagnosis of the condition now recognised as appendicitis .
Inflammation of the capsule surrounding a joint .
Inflammation of the choroid layer of the eye .
Inflammation of the ciliary body of the eye ( see uevitis ) .
Inflammation of the colon and small intestine .
Inflammation of the conjunctiva , which becomes red and swollen and produces a watery or pus - containing discharge .
Inflammation of the connective tissue between adjacent tissues and organs .
Inflammation of the connective tissues around the vagina .
Inflammation of the corpora cavernosa of the penis or the corpus cavernosum of the clitoris .
Inflammation of the diaphysis of a bone , through infection or rheumatic disease .
Inflammation of the dura mater , one of the membranes covering the brain and spinal cord ( see meningitis ) .
Inflammation of the external coverings of the spleen .
Inflammation of the eye due to exposure to light .
Inflammation of the first part of the optic nerve ( the optic disc or optic papilla ) , i . e . where the nerve leaves the eyeball .
Inflammation of the foreskin and the surface of the underlying glans penis .
Inflammation of the glans penis , usually associated with tightness of the foreskin ( phimosis ) .
Inflammation of the gums ( see gingiva ) caused by plaque on the surfaces of the teeth at their necks .
Inflammation of the hair follicles causes by bacterial infection .
Inflammation of the heads of the femurs ( thighbones ) , resulting in loss of the blood supply and death of the outer layer of bone ( avascular necrosis ) ( see osteochondritis ) .
Inflammation of the ileum and the colon ( small and large intestines ) .
Inflammation of the inner menbranes ( the pia mater and arachnoid ) of the brain and spinal cord .
Inflammation of the iris , ciliary body , and choroid regions of the eye ( the uvea ) and swelling of the parotid salivary gland : one of the more common varieties of the chronic disease sarcoidosis .
Inflammation of the iris and ciliary body of the eye .
Inflammation of the lacrimal sac ( in which tears collect ) , usually occurring when the duct draining the tears into the nose is blocked ( see lacrimal apparatus ) .
Inflammation of the larynx and vocal cords , due to infection by bacteria or viruses or irritation by gases , chemicals , etc .
Inflammation of the layer of fat beneath the skin ( panniculus adiposus ) , leading to multiple tender nodules in the thighs , trunk , and breasts .
Inflammation of the lining of the heart cavity ( endocardium ) and valves .
Inflammation of the liver due to a virus infection or such diseases as amoebic dysentery and lupus .
Inflammation of the loose connective tissue and smooth muscle around the womb ( the parametrium ) .
Inflammation of the lung caused by bacteria , in which the air sacs ( alveoli ) fill up with pus so that air is excluded and the lung becomes solid ( see consolidation ) .
Inflammation of the lung that is confined to the walls of the air sacs ( alveoli ) and often caused by viruses or unknown agents .
Inflammation of the lymph nodes in the neck .
Inflammation of the lymphatic vessels , which can be seen most commonly as red streaks in the skin adjacent to a focus of streptotoccal infection .
Inflammation of the mastoid process behind the ear and of the air space ( mastoid antrum ) connecting it to the cavity of the middle ear .
Inflammation of the matrix of the nail , which results in loss of the nail .
Inflammation of the membrane ( synovium ) that lines a joint capsule , resulting in pain and swelling ( arthritis ) .
Inflammation of the membrane covering the liver .
Inflammation of the membrane lining the neck of the womb , usually resulting from infection .
Inflammation of the membrane lining the womb ( endometrium ) .
Inflammation of the membrane on the outer surface of Fallopian tube .
Inflammation of the membrane on the outer surface of the womb .
Inflammation of the membrane surrounding a bone ( see periosteum ) .
Inflammation of the membranes that line the chest , abdomen , and joints , with accumulation of fluid in the cavities .
Inflammation of the middle layer ( media ) of an artery , which is often combined with inflammation in all layers of the artery wall .
Inflammation of the middle layer ( media ) of the wall of the aorta , generally the results of late syphilis .
Inflammation of the midline partition of the chest cavity ( mediastinum ) , usually complicating a rupture of the cesophagus .
Inflammation of the mucus - secreting glands alongside the vaginal opening ( Bartholin 's glands ) .
Inflammation of the navel , especially in newborn infants .
Inflammation of the navicular bone of the foot ( see osteochondritis ) .
Inflammation of the optic nerve behind the eye , causing increasingly blurred vision .
Inflammation of the parotid salivary glands .
Inflammation of the part of the throat behind the soft palate ( pharynx ) .
Inflammation of the pelvis of the kidney ( the part of the kidney from which urine drains into the ureter ) .
Inflammation of the petrous part of the temporal bone ( which encloses the inner ear ) , usually due to an extension of mastoiditis .
Inflammation of the pleura , usually due to pneumonia in the underlying lung .
Inflammation of the pulp of a tooth : a frequent cause of toothache .
Inflammation of the rectum and colon , usually due to ulcerative colitis .
Inflammation of the rectum and the sigmoid ( lower ) colon .
Inflammation of the renal pelvis and urinary bladder ( see pyelitis , cystitis ) .
Inflammation of the sclera ( the white of the eye ) .
Inflammation of the seminal vesicles and vas deferens .
Inflammation of the skin after its exposure to inonizing radiation .
Inflammation of the skin caused by an outside agent : a condition with many causes .
Inflammation of the skin caused by virus and characterized by collections of small blisters .
Inflammation of the skin of the feet or hands .
Inflammation of the small intestine , usually causing diarrhoea .
Inflammation of the smallest bile ducts ( cholangioles ) .
Inflammation of the smallest blood vessels ( see angiitis ) .
Inflammation of the stomach and intestine .
Inflammation of the sweat glands , usually occurring when the glands becomes blocked .
Inflammation of the synovial joints of the backbone .
Inflammation of the tear - producing gland ( see lacrimal apparatus ) .
Inflammation of the thymus gland ( the mass of lymphatic tissue behind the breastbone ) .
Inflammation of the tissues around a ureter .
Inflammation of the tissues around a vein : seen as an extension of phlebitis .
Inflammation of the tissues around the caecum .
Inflammation of the tissues around the kidney .
Inflammation of the tonsils due to bacterial or viral infection , causing a sore throat , fever , and difficulty in swallowing .
Inflammation of the trachea , usually secondary to bacterial or viral infection in the nose or throat .
Inflammation of the trigone ( base ) of the urinary bladder .
Inflammation of the urinary bladder , often caused by infection ( most commonly by the bacterium Escherichia coli ) .
Inflammation of the vagina , which may be caused by infection ( commonly with Trichomonas vaginalis ) , ill - fitting contraceptive devices , dietary is often irritation , increased vaginal discharge , and pain on passing urine .
Inflammation of the vitreous body of the eye .
Inflammation of the vulvu , which is often accompanied by intense itching and burning pain .
Inflammation of the wall of a vein , which is most commonly seen in the legs as a complication of varicose veins .
Inflammation of the womb , with the formation of pus .
Inflammation of tissues around a joint capsule , including tendons and bursae .
Inflammation of tissues surrounding a gland .
Inflammatory thickening of the fibrous sheath containing one or more tendons , usually caused by repeated minor injury .
Inflammtion of the vulva and vagina ( see vaginitis , vulvitis ) .
Information is collated , priorities assessed , and resources allocated to Regional and District Health Authorities .
Infrared radiation is responsible for the transmission of radiant heat .
Inhibiting the activity of adrenergic nerves .
Initial inflation and normal expansion of the lungs requires the presence of a substance ( surfactant ) that reduces the surface tension of the air sacs ( alveoli ) .
Initial symptoms include fever , headache , and chills , followed later by enlargement of the lymph nodes , anaemia , and pains in the limbs and joints .
Initial symptoms include fever , pains , and itching , followed by the appearance of small tumours , each covered by a yellow crust of dried serum , on the hands , face , legs , and feet .
Initial symptoms include persistent headache and a bloody purulent discharge form the nose .
Initial treatment is by antibiotics , but removal of the obstruction is essential for permanent cure .
Initially red or pink , a bruise gradually becomes bluish , and then greenish yellow , as the haemoglobin in the tissues breaks down chemically and is absorbed .
Initially the members pioneered clinics devoted to the diagnosis and management of rheumatic diseases , but later extended their interests to the rehabilitation of patients with physical disabilities ranging from ashthma and hand injuries to back trouble and poliomyelitis .
Injected into the bloodstream , it is concentrated by the kidneys as it is excreted and forms a useful medium for showing up the urinary tract and any abnormalities that may be present ( see pyelography ) .
Injection , injury , and synovitis can cause localized osteoporosis of adjacent bone .
Injection of gamma globulin provides temporary protection .
Injuries inflicted on babies or young children by their parents , who are often emotionally disturbed or have themselves suffered from physical abuse in infancy or early childhood .
Injury , disease of the blood vessels , or a clotting disorder of the blood are the usually causative factors .
Injury of a part resulting from a blow on its opposite side .
Injury to a ligament , caused by sudden overstreching .
Injury to the head may tear the middle meningeal artery , giving rise to a rapidly accumulating extradural haematoma requiring urgent surgical treatment .
Innate speechlessness most commonly occurs in those who have been totally deaf since birth ( deaf - mutism ) .
Inositol is present in many foods , in particular in the bran of cereal grain .
Insemination is timed to coincide with the day on which the woman is expected to ovulate ( see menstrual cycle ) .
Insensible perspiration is sweat that evaporates immediately from the skin and is therefore not visible .
Insertion of a hollow needle into the pleural cavity through the chest wall in order to withdraw fluid , blood , pus , or air .
Inside the cochlea the sound vibrations are converted into nerve impulses .
Insomnia may be associated with disease , particularly if there are painful symptoms , but is more often caused by worry .
Institutional organizations are replaced by small self - contained living units associated with a central facility providing more intensive resources .
Instrumental introduction of semen into the vagina in order that the woman may conceive .
Insulin secretion is stimulated by a high concentration of blood sugar .
Intellectual subnormality is a scientific concept , denoting the state of those whose intellectual powers fall below some point on a standardized intelligence test .
Interferon is active against many different viruses , but particular interferons are effective only in the species that produces them .
Intermediate stages of these developments are the pronephros , mesonephros , and metanephros .
Intermittent claudication ( pain due to reduced blood supply ) and gangrene of the limbs may develop .
Internal ophthalmoplegia affects the muscles inside the eye : the iris ( which controls the size of the pupil ) and ciliary muscle ( which is responsible for accommodation ) .
Internodes are separated by nodes of Ranvier , where the sheath is absent .
Interpretation of the spasms as wind has often delayed diagnosis , but immediate recognition and treatment with corticosteroids and ACTH offers a chance of arresting the disease .
Interrupted galvanism is a form of electrotherapy in which direct current , in impulses lasting for 30 to 100 milliseconds , is used to stimulate the activity of nerves or the muscles they supply .
Interruption of the nerve supply to the muscles and skin .
Interspersed among the acini are the islets of Langerhans - isolated groups of cells that secrete the hormones insulin and glucagon into the bloodstream .
Intestinal clamps prevent the intestinal contents from leaking into the abdominal cavity during operations on the intestines and are designed not to damage the intestinal wall .
Intestinal colic is due to partial or complete obstruction of the intestine or to constipation .
Intestinal gas , composed partly of swallowed air and partly of gas produced by bacterial fermentation of intestinal contents .
Intestinal obstruction , usually obstruction of the small intestine ( ileum ) .
Intramembranous ossification is the formation of a membrane bone ( e . g . a bone of the skull ) .
Introduction into the body of drugs or other fluids by means of a syringe , usually drugs that would be destroyed by the digestive processes if taken by mouth .
Introspectionist psychology used the method of trained subjects describing their own mental states .
Introversion was first described by Carl Jung as a tendency to distancing oneself from others , to philosophical interests , and to reserved defensive reactions .
Inturning of the eyelid towards the eyeball .
Inulin is filtered from the blood stream by the kidneys .
Invariably their addiction leads to bankruptcy , loss of jobs , rejection by family and friends , and ultimately to criminal means of obtaining money with which to gamble .
Invasion of the body by harmful organisms ( pathogens ) , such as bacteria , fungi , protozoa , rickettsiae , or viruses .
Invasion of the outer layers of the cornea of the eye by tissue containing many blood vessels , which grows in from the conjunctiva .
Inventing words that reflect the sound made by the object or event to be described .
Investigation of structures within the skull by detecting the echoes of ultrasonic pulses .
Invisible short - wavelength radiation beyond the violet end of the visible spectrum .
Involuntary tight contraction of the eyelids , usually in response to painful condition of the eye .
Involvement of both joints is a common feature of ankylosing spondylitis and associated rheumatic disease , including Reiter 's syndrome and psoriatic arthritis .
Ipecacuanha irritates the digestive system , and high doses may cause severe digestive upsets .
Iron - deficiency anaemia results from lack of iron , which is necessary for the production of haemoglobin ( see sideropenia ) .
Iron is an essential component in the transfer of oxygen in the body .
Iron may be removed from the body by blood letting or an iron chelating agent may be administered .
Iron oxide itself is inert , but pulmonary fibrosis may develop if fibrogenic dusts such as silica are also inhaled .
Irrigating fluid is conducted via the sheath into the bladder and additional channels are available for the catheters to be inserted into the ureters , diathermy electrodes for removing polyps , etc . , or biopsy forceps for taking specimens of tumours or other growths .
Irritability is shown by nerve cells , which can generate and transmit electrical impulses when stimulated appropriately , and by muscle cells , which contract when stimulated by nerve impulses .
Irritation of the eye , and sometimes emotion , cause excessive production of tears .
Ischaemia of heart muscle produces angina pectoris .
Iso - enzymes catalyse the same type of reaction but have slight physical and immunological differences .
Isoenzymes of dehydrogenases , oxidases , transaminases , phosphatases , and proteolytic enzymes are known to exist .
Isolated dextrocardia produces no adverse effects .
Isotopes therefore have different atomic weights .
It accounts for approximately 1 % of all breast cancers .
It acts as a heat insulator and prevents friction between abdominal organs .
It acts as an enzyme , converting the inactive substance prothrombin to the enzyme thrombin .
It acts as an oxygen reservoir within the muscle fibres .
It acts by reducing the level of uric acid in tissues and blood .
It affects 0.1 - 0.2 % of the population and is due to sensitivity of the intestinal lining to the protein gliadin , which is contained in gluten in the germ of wheat and rye and causes atrophy of the digestive and absorptive cells of the intestine .
It affects both eyes and may accompany congenital malformations in other parts of the body .
It affects infants and it normally disappears within a year or two .
It affects mainly coal miners but also other exposed workers , such as lightermen , if the lungs ' capacity to accommodate and remove the particles is exceeded .
It affects workers in mineral mining , quarrying , stone dressing , sand blasting , and boiler scaling .
It aids in the diagnosis of heart disease , which may produce characteristic changes in the ECG .
It alleviates fatigue and produces a feeling of mental alertness and well - being .
It allows blood to pass from the atrium to the ventricle , but prevents any backward flow .
It allows the pressure on the inner side of the eardrum to remain equal to the external pressure .
It also acts as a reservoir for blood and , in the fetus , as a source of red blood cells .
It also acts as a resonating chamber for the sounds produced in the larynx .
It also causes abnormalities of movement , especially dystonias , dyskinesia , and parkinsonism .
It also contains remnants of the allantois and yolk sac and becomes ensheathed by the amnion .
It also enhances the effects of analgesics and is used in terminal illness and preparation for anaesthesia .
It also enjoined local authorities to provide for the community treatment of mental disorder .
It also forms the lining of the bronchi and alveoli of the lung and most of the urinary tract .
It also functions as a gland , secreting chorionic gonadotrophin , progesterone , and oestrogens , which regulate the maintenance of pregnancy .
It also has effects similar to glyceryl trinitrate and has been used to treat angina .
It also has features of Raynaud 's disease , with the hands , face , and feet being mainly affected .
It also has immunosuppressive properties and is used in prolonging the survival of tissue transplants and in other conditions requiring reduced immune response .
It also has laxative action when administered by mouth .
It also helps maintain electrical potentials in the nervous system and is thus necessary for the functioning of nerves and muscles .
It also helps to prevent the body from becoming dehydrated .
It also includes the replacement of parts of the body that have been lost .
It also occurs in disorders of the part of the brain responsible for eye movements and their coordination and in disorders of the organ of balance in the ear or the associated parts of the brain .
It also plays a role itself in the functioning of certain parts of the brain .
It also possesses diuretic properties and will help relieve certain forms of headache .
It also prepares them for sectioning and staining .
It also produces pain in the ear and other parts suplied by the nerve .
It also produces the antibiotic bacitracin .
It also reduces secretions of the bronchial tubes , salivary glands , stomach , and intestines and is used before general anaesthesia and to relieve peptic ulcers .
It also refers to the treelike appearance of the inner folds of the neck of the womb .
It also requires detailed knowledge of genetics , obstetrics , psychological development , management of handicaps at home and in school , and effects of social conditions on child health .
It also serves as an insulating material beneath the skin ( in the subcutaneous tissue ) and around certain organs ( including the kidneys ) .
It also stimulates the heart and is used to treat some heart conditions involving reduced heart activity .
It also transmits murine typhus and two tapeworms , hymenolepis nana and H . dimunita .
It appears as a painless mass , usually at the end of a long bone , and is most common between the ages of 10 and 25 .
It appears as a small round white opacity in the pelvic region .
It arises from nerve tissue in the blood vessels .
It arises from the abnormal and uncontrolled division of cells that then invade and destroy the surrounding tissues .
It arises from the fifth and sixth cervical segments of the spinal cord and is distributed to the deltoid muscle of the shoulder and the overlying skin .
It arises from the left ventricle ( ascending aorta ) , arches over the top of the heart ( see aortic arch ) and descends in front of the backbone ( descending aorta ) , giving off large and small branches and finally dividing to form the right and left iliac arteries .
It arises from the second , third , and fourth lumbar nerves .
It articulates with the capitate bone in front and with the radius and ulna behind .
It articulates with the clavicles and the first costal cartilage .
It articulates with the cuboid bone in front and with the talus above .
It articulates with the femur above , with the tabus below , and with the fibula to the side ( at both ends ) .
It articulates with the femur by the acetabulum , a deep socket into which the head of the femur fits .
It articulates with the humerus and radius above and with the radius and indirectly with the wrist bones below .
It articulates with the last lumbar vertebra above , the coccyx below , and the hip bones laterally .
It articulates with the pisiform and triquetral bones behind and with the fourth and fifth metacarpal bones in front .
It articulates with the scaphoid bone behind and with the first metacarpal in front .
It articulates with the second metatarsal bone in front , with the scaphoid bone behind , and with the trapezium and capitate bones on either side .
It articulates with the trapezium and trapezoid bones in front and with the radius behind .
It articulates with the ulna behind and with the pisiform , hamate , and lunate bones in the carpus .
It attaches the fibres of the periodontal membrane to the tooth .
It attacks the skin , causing severe chemical burns that are best treated by washing the area with large quantities of water .
It attempts to explain the differences and similarities between related organisms and the ways in which characters are passed from parents to their off - spring .
It becomes almost entirely obliterated by the development of the vertebrae , persisting only as part of the intervertebral discs .
It becomes divided into the rectum and the urinogenital sinus , which receives the bladder together with the urinary and genital ducts .
It becomes readily infested by a harmless bacterium that resembles the tubercle bacillus .
It begins above and below but may become a continuous ring .
It binds the skin to underlying muscles and forms a link between organs while allowing a high degree of relative movement .
It binds with the toxic metabolite acrolein in the urine .
It breaks down just before fertilization , releasing a number of enzymes that assist penetration between the follicle cells that still surround the ovum .
It bulges upwards against the heart and the lungs , arching over the stomach , liver , and spleen .
It can affect any part , including the skin , heart , kidney , lung , or oesophagus .
It can affect either sex ( see also lesbianism ) .
It can affect the lateral columns of the spinal cord and the medulla of the brain ( amyotrophic lateral sclerosis ) , causing progressive muscular paralysis ( see motor neurone disease ) .
It can also arise spontaneously , as the result of stress or hypnosis .
It can also be applied directly to the eye , throat , and mouth as it is absorbed through mucous membranes .
It can also be caused by eating poisonous fungi , berries , etc .
It can also be due to kidney disease , retention of water in the tissues ( see oedema ) , loss of blood , diarrhoea , or poisoning .
It can also be undertaken by inserting a catheter into the ejaculatory duct ( which discharges semen from the vesicle into the vas deferens ) via an endoscope .
It can also be used to calm excitement in some psychiatric conditions , for preoperative medication , for travel sickness , and to dilate the pupil and paralyse the muscles of the eye for examination .
It can also be used to draw up minute quantities of liquid for examination .
It can also cause dependence of the barbiturate - alcohol type .
It can also include dwellings , work premises , or animals .
It can also occur in scattered patches throughout the brain and spinal cord ( see multiple sclerosis ) or in the walls of the arteries ( see arteriosclerosis , atherosclerosis ) .
It can also result from insufficient oxygen reaching the blood in the lungs due to poor breathing movements or because disease , such as pneumonia , is reducing the effective surface area of lung tissue .
It can arise at various sites , most commonly the facial structures , such as the jaw , and in the abdomen .
It can be achieved gradually by desensitization or suddenly by flooding .
It can be adjusted to provide correct focusing of light on the microscope slide .
It can be administered by injection or applied in a cream to the skin or in drops to the ears and eyes .
It can be administered by mouth , but is usually given by intravenous injection .
It can be caused by a variety of disorders , most usually glomerulonephritis .
It can be caused by hypnosis , meditation , catatonia , hysteria , drugs ( such as hallucinogens ) , and religious ecstasy .
It can be caused by organic damage , such as a head injury , or it can be due to neurosis .
It can be demonstrated by tissue culture of the blood - forming tissue of the bone marrow , as well as in certain other sites .
It can be divided into the cranium , which encloses the brain , and the face ( including the lower jaw ) ( see illustration ) .
It can be embarrassing and inconvenient but it is not accompanied by any other symptoms .
It can be expressed either in terms of sick people ( persons ) or episodes of sickness per 1000 individuals at risk .
It can be expressed in terms of sick persons or episodes per 1000 individuals at risk .
It can be felt or heard to the left of the breastbone , in the space between the fifth and sixth ribs .
It can be given by mouth or by injection .
It can be induced in muscles that are used when a limb is made to pull or push against something that does not move .
It can be involuntary , as part of the Gilles de la Tourette syndrome .
It can be result of drugs , anxiety , or organic disease ( such as dementia or Korsakoff 's syndrome ) .
It can be transmitted during sexual intercourse .
It can be transmitted to males in whom it causes urethral discharge .
It can be transmitted to man , possibly by rat fleas , causing pneumonia , multiple abscesses , and septicaemia .
It can be transmitted to man and causes headache , bleeding from the nose , shivering , fever , and complications involving the lungs .
It can be transmitted to man and causes symptoms resembling those of pneumonia .
It can be treated by surgery or radiotherapy .
It can be treated with behaviour therapy and also with psychotherapy and tranquillizers .
It can be treated with psychotherapy , behavious therapy , and tranquillizing drugs .
It can be used in therapy ( see modelling ) .
It can be used to discover the sex of a baby before birth by examination of cells obtained by amniocentesis .
It can be used to examine minutely the structures within the eye , one layer at a time .
It can be used to investigate the function of the lungs .
It can be uttered in trance states and during sleep .
It can cause irritation and the formation of pus , which may discharge through a sinus , and is usually surgically removed ( sequestrectomy ) .
It can cause postencephalitis parkinsonism .
It can cause postoperative nausea , vomiting and headache .
It can exist at any structural level , from molecules to whole organisms .
It can occur as a congenital abnormality or it may be acquired following injury or sugery .
It can prevent a patient from carrying on normal life , and sometimes causes physical injury to the patient .
It can produce male or female hormones and may give rise to masculinization .
It can result from infection of the umbilicus in infants , pylephlebitis , cirrhosis of the liver , and liver tumours .
It cannot be identified microscopically , although some workers believe that it is identical in appearance with a lymphocyte .
It cannot be performed after labour is well advanced .
It carries the inferior dental nerve and vessels and for part of its length its outline is visible on a radiograph .
It catalyses the destruction of the cell walls of certain bacteria .
It causes an unsteady gait and shaky limb movements .
It causes discomfort rather than pain and does not usually affect vision .
It causes severe marrow suppression but is of use in the treatment of stomach and breast cancers .
It causes the loss of sodium and chloride from the kidneys and is used in the treatment of various forms of fluid retention ( oedema ) .
It chiefly affects adolescents and young adults ( usually women ) and adults over 40 .
It combines with hormone receptors in the tumour to inhibit the effect of oestrogens .
It commonly affects fat ( causing steatorrhoea ) , vitamins ( such as B12 , folic acid , vitamin D , and vitamin K ) , electrolytes ( such as calcium , potassium ) , iron , and amino acids .
It commonly affects the beard area ( sycosis barhae ) and may cause intense itching .
It commonly affects the frontal bone of the skull ( hyperostosis frontalis ) .
It commonly causes epilepsy and less often one of the vessels may burst , causing a subarachnoid haemorrhage .
It commonly occurs in malaria , schistosomiasis , and other infections ; in blood disorders , including some forms of anaemia and lack of platelets ( thrombocytopenia ) ; in leukaemia ; and in Hodgkin 's disease .
It commonly occurs in man and normally produces symptoms milder than the common cold .
It commonly occurs in otherwise healthy people and may be caused by an emotional shock , by standing for prolonged periods , or by injury and profuse bleeding .
It commonly occurs when one or more holes in the retina allow fluid from the vitreous cavity of the eyeball to accumulate between the retina and choroid , which are only delicately attached .
It commonly occurs with rosacea , in which the characteristic nodular swelling may produce grotesque deformity .
It commonly reduces the numbers of white blood cells .
It commonly takes the form of facial bruises , cigarette burns , bites , head injuries ( often with braindamage ) , and fractured bones .
It communicates temporarity with the coelomic cavity within the embryo ( peritoneal cavity ) .
It communicates with the former by means of the cardiac orifice and with the latter by the pyloric sphincter .
It comprise about two - fifths of the whole small intestine and connects the duodenum to the ileum .
It comprises a metal tube containing a removable shaft with a sharp three - cornered point .
It consist of eight bones connected together by immovable joints ( see skull ) .
It consist of the right and left scapulas and clavicles .
It consists basically of a fluorescent screen , which is coated of with chemicals that exhibit the property of fluorescence when exposed to X - rays .
It consists chiefly of glycoproteins , particularly mucin , which are responsible for its viscosity .
It consists for a body , containing air spaces continuous with the nasal cavity ( see paranasal sinus ) .
It consists mainly of chromaffin tissue and is stimulated by the sympathetic nervous system to produce adrenaline and noradrenaline .
It consists mainly of loose connective tissue within which are blood capillaries , lymph vessels , sensory nerve endings , sweat glands and their ducts , hair follicles , sebaceous glands , and smooth muscle fibres .
It consists of 20 teeth , made up of incisors , canines , and molars only .
It consists of a black disc , about 20cm in diameter , marked with concentric white rings .
It consists of a body and a root , which is attached by muscles to the hyoid bone below , the styloid process behind , and the palate above .
It consists of a chamber , similar to a domestic pressure cooker , in which the articles are placed and treated with steam at high pressure .
It consists of a double - layered ball of cells formed by invagination and movement of cells in the preceding single - layered stage ( blastula ) in the process of gastrulation .
It consists of a fixed graduated main scale against which a shorter vernier scale slides .
It consists of a funnel ( speculum ) , a light , and lenses ( see illustration ) .
It consists of a handpiece that takes variously shaped burs .
It consists of a hard virtually solid mass made up of bony tissue arranged in concentric layers ( Haversian systems ) .
It consists of a helix of three collagen on the fibres structural stability and resistance to stretching .
It consists of a hollow tube with a serrated cutting edge .
It consists of a horseshoe - shaped body , the upper surface of which bears the lower teeth ( see alveolus ) , and two vertical parts ( rami ) .
It consists of a solid ball of cells and is an intermediate stage between the zygote and blastocyst .
It consists of a solution of various inorganic salts of sodium , potassium , calcium , etc . , with a high concentration of protein ( approximately 70 g / l ) and a variety of trace substances .
It consists of an amorphous ground substance of mucopolyasccharides in which may be embedded white ( collagenous ) , yellow ( elastic ) , and reticular fibres , fat cells , fibroblasts , mast cells , and macrophages ( see illustration ) .
It consists of an inability to name the individual fingers , misidentification of the right and left sides of the body , and inability to write or make mathematical calculations ( see acalculia , agraphia ) .
It consists of an infiltration of fatty material and is common in the elderly .
It consists of an inflatable cuff connected via a rubber tube to a column of mercury with a graduated scale .
It consists of fine blind - ended lymphatic capillaries , which unite to form lymphatic vessels .
It consists of four rudimentary coccygeal vertebrae fused to form a triangular bone that articulates with the sacrum .
It consists of hydrogen , carbon dioxide , and methane in varying proportions .
It consists of loose connective tissue and networks of small blood vessels , which nourish the walls .
It consists of lymph with a suspension of minute droplets of digested fats , which have been absorbed from the small intestine .
It consists of rows of capital letters , called test types , the letters of each row becoming smaller down the chart .
It consists of spindle - shaped cells within a network of connective tissue ( see illustration ) and is under the control of the autonomic nervous system .
It consists of the aorta and all its branches , carrying oxygenated blood to the tissues , and all the veins draining deoxygenated blood into the vena cava .
It consists of the choroid body , and iris .
It consists of the fluid that bathes the tissues , which is derived from the blood and is drained by the lymphatic vessels .
It consists of the proximal bones of the carpus , which articulate with the radius and ulna .
It consists of the right and left hip bones .
It consists of the talus ( ankle bone ) , which projects into a socket formed by the lower ends of the tibia and fibula .
It consists of the testis and its system of ducts ( the vasa efferentia and epididymis ) .
It consists of three cusps that channel the flow of blood from the atrium to the ventricle and prevent any backflow .
It consists of three pockets , shaped like half - moons , that prevent blood returning to the ventricle from the aorta .
It consists of three sections : the middle and longest section - the body - is attached to the manubrium at the top and the xiphoid ( or ensiform ) process at the bottom .
It consists of three zones : the ciliary ring , which adjoins the choroid ; the ciliary processes , a series of about 70 radial ridges behind the iris to which the suspensory ligament of the lens is attached ; and the ciliary muscle , contraction of which alters the curvature of the lens ( see accommodation ) .
It consists of two closely adherent layers , the outer of which is identical with the periosteum of the skull .
It consists of two L - shaped tubes , the short arms of which are joined by hinge so that the long arms point away from each other .
It consists of two lobes , one on either side of the trachea , that are joined by an isthmus ( sometimes a third lobe extends upwards from the isthmus ) .
It consists of two phosphate groups , adenine , and ribose .
It constricts the small blood vessels at the site of application and therefore need not be given with adrenaline .
It contains a central cavity , the archenteron , which opens through the blastopore to the outside .
It contains a core of grey matter surrounded by white matter ( see illustration ) .
It contains a large number of cones and is therefore the area of greatest acuity of vision .
It contains a mass of nerve cells , mainly grey matter ( olivary nucleus ) .
It contains blood and lymph vessels and nerves supplying these organs .
It contains blood vessels and a pigment that absorbs excess light and so prevents blurring of vision .
It contains both male and female pronuclei .
It contains complex foldings of cortical tissue and is involved , with other connections of the hippocampal formation , in the workings of the limbic system .
It contains fructose , which provides the sperms with energy , and prostaglandins which affect the muscles of the womb and may therefore assist transport of the sperms .
It contains many air spaces ( mastoid cells ) , which communicate with the cavity of the middle ear via an air - filled channel , the mastoid antrum .
It contains mercury , which expands when heated and rises up the tube .
It contains mucus and digestive enzymes , including enteropeptidase , erepsin , lactase , and sucrase .
It contains numerous finely branching blood vessels that supply the nerve tissue within .
It contains numerous nerve tracts between the cerebral cortex and the spinal cord and several nuclei of grey matter .
It contains sensory nerve endings and is found in the retina , the membranous labyrinth of the inner ear , the mucous membrane lining the nasal cavity , and the taste buds .
It contains serum , white blood cells , and protective antibodies .
It contains several air spaces ( frontal sinuses , see paranasal sinues ) .
It contains several important centres controlling body temperature , thirst , hunger , and eating , water balance , and sexual function .
It contains the capillaries that supply blood to the growing hair .
It contains the flexor tendons and the median nerve .
It contains the nuclei of several cranial nerves , the reticular formation , and other ascending and descending nerve pathways linking the forebrain and the spinal cord .
It contains the sensory cortex and association areas .
It contains two arteries that carry blood to the placenta and one vein that returns it to the fetus .
It contracts with each inspiration , becoming flattened downwards and increasing the volume of the thoracic cavity .
It contributes to partial dislocation ( subluxation ) of the vertebrae in arthritis and to rigidity of the spine ( due to fusion of the joints ) in ankylosing spondylitis .
It covers the entrane to the larynx during swallowing .
It develops inside a tubular hair follicle .
It develops into a small ulcer that heals without trace in the conjunctiva but produces some residual scarring in the cornea .
It develops into the aorta and pulmonary artery .
It differs from attempted suicide in being common in young people who are distressed but not seriously mentally ill .
It differs from the cysticercus ( another larval form ) in being solid and in lacking a cyst or bladder .
It does not , however , initiate movement and plays no part in the perception of conscious sensations or in intelligence .
It does not become functional until birth , since urea is transferred cross the placenta to the mother .
It does not produce symptoms and requires no treatment .
It does not respond to antibiotics but corticosteroid may be helpful .
It doubles in size by puberty , after which it gradually shrinks , its functional tissue being replaced by fatty tissue .
It drains the tears away from the lacrima apparatus into the inferior meatus of the nose .
It embraces , overlaps , and is to some extent synonymous with the fields of vital statistics ( e . g . fertility and mortality rates ) and demography .
It emerges from the anus in the evening to deposit its eggs , and later dies .
It emits gamma radiation and is used as a tracer for the examination of the brain and the thyroid gland in the technique of scintigraphy .
It enables the presence of any obstruction to be detected .
It encloses and protects the spinal cord , articulates with the skull , ribs , and hip girdle , and provides attachment for the muscles of the back .
It encloses the lungs , heart , oesophagus , and associated structures .
It ends behind the sternoclavicular joint , where it joins the subclavia vein .
It eventually fuses with the diphysis to form a complete bone .
It expands outwards and fuses with the chorion , obliterating virtually all the intervening cavity .
It extends downwards behind the humerus , supplying muscles of the upper arm , to the elbow , which it supplies with branches , and then runs parallel with the radius .
It extends from the centre of the optic disc , where it communicates with the lymph spaces of the optic nerve , to the posterior wall of the lens .
It extends from the lower to the upper border of the pons Varolii and then divides to form the two posterior cerebral arteries .
It extends from the mouth to the anus and each region is specialized for a different stage in the processing of food , from mechanical breakdown in the mouth to chemical digestion and absorption in the stomach and small intestine and finally to faeces formation and storage in the colon and rectum .
It extends from the pylorus of the stomach to the jejunum .
It flexes the arm and forearm and supinates the forearm and hand .
It flexes the knee and foot ( so that toes point downwards ) .
It forms a coloured muscular diaphragm across the front of the lens .
It forms a portion of the limbic system and is involved in the complex physical aspects of behaviour governed by emotion and instinct .
It forms a solid ( dry ice ) at - 75oC ( at atmospheric pressure ) and in this form is used as a refrigerant . Formula : CO2 .
It forms a thick layer under the skin and occurs around the kidneys and in the buttocks .
It forms initially within the inner cell mass of the blastocyst and later expands over the back of the embryo , eventually enclosing it completely .
It forms part of the notch that articulates with the humerus .
It forms part of the tarsus , articulating which the tibia above , which the fibula to the lateral ( outer ) side , and with the calcaneus below .
It forms part of the vestibulocochlea nerve ( cranial nerve VIII ) .
It forms red blood cells in the fetus and is the site of production of plasma proteins .
It forms the basic of the rhesus blood group system .
It forms the outer surface of the chorion .
It functions as a coenzyme in several oxidation reduction reactions .
It generates electrical impulses that spread to the atria and ventricles , via specialized conducting tissues , and cause them to contract normally .
It givens dramatic shadows on chest X - rays but no respiratory disability .
It gives rise to cartilage , muscle , bone , blood , kidneys , gonads and their ducts , and connective tissue .
It gives rise to most of the skull and the membranes that surround the brain .
It gives rise to the nervous system and sense organs , the teeth and lining of the mouth , and the epidermis and its associated structures ( hair , nails , etc . ) .
It has a large nucleus with very scanty cytoplasm and was once thought to be the precursor of the lymphocyte .
It has a similar action to amphetamine but is less potent .
It has a similar effect in the body to that of adrenaline .
It has a small neck for filling and a long tapering spout with a narrow outlet to deliver a fine stream of fluid to the eye .
It has a straight handle with detachable disposable blades of different shapes .
It has a thick muscular wall the contraction of which assists in ejaculation .
It has abundant cytoplasm that , with Romanowsly stains , appears blue with reddish granules ( compare myeloblast , myelocyte ) .
It has also been used for the treatment of lupus erythematosus , leprosy , and rheumatoid arthritis .
It has also been used in the treatment of acute and chronic leukaemias and inflammatory bowel disease ( e . g . ulcerative colitis ) .
It has an anterior lobe ( adenohypophysis ) , which secretes thyroid - stimulating hormone , ACTH ( adrenocorticotrophic hormone ) , gonadotrophins , growth hormone , prolactin , lipotrophin , and melanocyte - stimulating hormone .
It has an important role in the detoxification of poisonous substances and it breaks down worn out red cells and other unwanted substances , such as excess oestrogen in the male ( see also Kupffer 's cells ) .
It has been used , despite the lack of evidence for its therapeutic value , in the treatment of various forms of cancer .
It has been alleged , but not proved , to be a factor in the backgrounds of schizophrenics .
It has been suggested that the canal is distended by a rise in the pressure of the ventricular cerebrospinal fluid caused by a blockage to its normal outflow to the surface of the brain .
It has been suggested that the condition is an allergic reaction to mercury , since it used to occur when teething powders , lotions , and ointments containing mercury were used .
It has been superseded by better materials but is still used as the core of root fillings .
It has been used as a source of nutrients in wasting diseases .
It has been used as a tracer in the investigation of diseases of the heart and the lungs .
It has been used in childbirth , but may cause slowing of the baby 's heart , with a risk of death .
It has been used to aid the digestion of starch in some digestive disorders .
It has been used to aid treatment of psychological disorders .
It has been used to control psychiatric symptoms of severe anxiety and distress , in which cases the lesion is made in the dorsomedial nucleus of the thalamus , which connects with the frontal lobe .
It has connections , direct or indirect , with all parts of the body .
It has connections with the cerebral cortex and several other nuclei nearby .
It has extensive connections with the olfactory system and sends fibres to the hypothalamus .
It has low toxicity but may cause nausea and vomiting .
It has no definite symptoms , but the patient is liable to develop gastric ulcers .
It has no known function in man and is liable to become infected and inflamed , especially in young adults ( see appendicitis ) .
It has now been change to a system of selective examinations based on recommendations by teachers , school nurses , or parental requests .
It has now been replaced in surgery by tubocurarine .
It has numerous causes , including virus infections , uraemia , and cancer .
It has some resemblance to psoriasis , hence its alternative name napkin psoriasis .
It has the features of cerebellar ataxia , together with spasticity of the limbs .
It has the function of preparing the body for " fright , flight , or fight " and has widespread effects on circulation , the muscles , and sugar metabolism .
It has the same action and uses as methandienone .
It has the same actions and side - effects as isoprenaline .
It has the same effects and uses as methandienone and is administered by mouth or injection .
It has the same uses , actions , and toxic effects as morphine .
It has the same uses and side - effects as morphine and prolonged use may lead to dependence .
It has the side - effects of propranolol and , in addition , more serious side - effects , particularly affecting the eyes and skin , which led to its withdrawal in 1975 .
It has toxic actions on normal tissues , particularly the bone marrow .
It has two branches , the vestibular nerve and the cochlear nerve .
It has two hemispheres , one on each side of the central region ( the vermis ) , and its surface is thrown into thin folds called folia ( see illustration ) , within lie four pairs of nuclei .
It helps in manipulating food during mastication and swallowing .
It helps to prevent moisture from running into the eye .
It helps to refract incoming light and focus it onto the retina .
It impairs the child 's ability to speak or use his hands .
It implies a lesser degree of weakness than paralysis , although the two words are often used interchangeably .
It implies that the subnormality is regarded as a delay in development rather than a qualitative defect .
It includes both normal and deviant forms of sexual activity .
It includes dietary counselling , advice on oral hygiene , and the application of fluoride and fissure sealants to the teeth .
It includes grand mal and petit mal , which can be controlled by the use of different anticonvulsant drugs .
It includes the conditions of preeclampsia and eclampsia .
It includes the cranial nerves and spinal nerves and their branches , which link the receptors and effector organs with the brain and spinal cord .
It includes the genera Enterobacter , Escherichia , and Klebsiella .
It includes the nasal cavity , pharynx , larynx , trachea , bronchi , bronchioles , and lungs and also the diaphragm and other muscles associated with breathing movements .
It includes the ureters , the bladder , and the urethra .
It incorporates a pump , to maintain the circulation , and equipment to oxygenate the blood .
It incorporates a scintillator , a device to magnify the fluorescence produced in it by radiations , and a means of recording the results , often aided by a computer .
It inhibits synthesis of adrenal steroids ( medical adrenalectomy ) and the conversion of androgens to oestrogens .
It invariably results from death and infection of the pulp of the tooth .
It involves a progressive degeneration of the nerve cells of the central nervous system , particularly in the region of the brain that controls movement .
It involves either rearrangement of the tissues of the lid or the use of tissue from other sites ( e . g . skin or mucous membrane ) .
It involves less emphasis on insight and interpretation than does psychotherapy or psychoanalytic therapy .
It involves pain , heat , redness , swelling , and loss of function of the affected part .
It irritates mucous membranes and is poisonous if taken into the body .
It is a choking agent , acting on the lungs to produce oedema , with consequent respiratory and cardiac failure .
It is a common manifestation of digitalis poisoning .
It is a component of some bleaching powders and is found in many plants , including sorrel and the leaves of rhubarb .
It is a consequence of damage to the base of the brain .
It is a constituent of haemoglobin , myoglobin , most of the cytochromes , and the commoner chlorophylls .
It is a constituent of ointments and other preparations used in the treatment of skin disorders and infections ( such as psoriasis and dermatitis ) .
It is a deposit of copper granules and is diagnostic of Wilson 's disease .
It is a director or guide with a wide groove .
It is a feature of a hereditary condition starting in infancy or early childhood ( myotonia congenita ) and of a form of muscular dystrophy ( dystrophia myotonica ) .
It is a feature of asthenic personalities , of some chronic schizophrenics , and of some depressives .
It is a feature of obsessional neurosis and sometimes of depression and of organic states , such as encephalitis .
It is a feature of the defective speech acquired by children who have been aphasic from birth .
It is a flat disc of tissue bounded dorsally by the amniotic cavity and ventrally by the yolk sac .
It is a form of glioma and commonly spreads into the brain .
It is a form of paraesthesiae and it is sometimes a symptom of drug intoxication .
It is a function of the association areas of the brain .
It is a hollow tube of ectodermal tissue formed when two edges of a groove in a plate of primitive neural tissue ( neural plate ) come together and fuse .
It is a largely experimental approach , studied most widely in the treatment of cancer .
It is a life - threatening condition , which can usually only be relieved by surgical drainage of the pus .
It is a major cause of bronchiolitis and pneumonia in young children .
It is a nonspecific indication of disease in the cervical region of the spinal cord .
It is a rare intestinal parasite of man , producing symptoms of dysentery in cases of heavy infection .
It is a relatively stable compound that is stored in animal fats , and the quantities now present in the environment in the form of stores accumulated in animal tissues raise the question of possible harmful effects on the body .
It is a result of drowsiness , fatigue , or boredom .
It is a semiopaque grey or white substance , consisting chiefly of chondroitin sulphate , that is capable of withstanding considerable pressure .
It is a semipermeable membrane allowing solutions to pass through it but excluding solid particles and large molecules .
It is a serous membrane that forms the inner layer of the serous pericardium .
It is a sign of disease of the cerebellum .
It is a sign of imbalance in the function of the labyrinth of the inner ear .
It is a sign of increased output of new red cells from the bone marrow .
It is a source of the poisonous alkaloid coniine .
It is a specialized form of ultrasonography .
It is a symptom of damage to the corticospinal tracts in the brain or spinal cord .
It is a symptom of disease either in the labyrinth of the inner ear or in the vestibular nerve or its nuclei in the brainstem , which are involved in the sense of balance .
It is a symptom of disease in the parietal lobe of the brain .
It is a symptom of disease in the parietal lobes of the brain .
It is a symptom of organic disease of the brain and sometimes of obsessional neurosis .
It is a symptom of schizophrenia , dementia , or confusion .
It is a symptom of temporal lobe epilepsy .
It is a type of dysaesthesia and is a symptom of partial damage to a peripheral nerve or to the fibre tracts conducting temperature sensation to the brain .
It is a very common form of cancer , particularly in Britains , and is strongly associated with cigarette smoking and exposure to industrial air pollutants ( including asbestos ) .
It is a voluntary association , registered as a charity , that promotes the welfare of those with mental illness through advice , education , campaigning , and the provision of resources .
It is absent ( or nearly so ) from the eggs of mammals ( including man ) whose embryos absorb nutrients from their mother .
It is administered by injection or by mouth and often causes nausea and vomiting .
It is administered ( usually by slow intravenous injection ) for the treatment of schistosomiasis and leishmaniasis but may produce severe side - effects , particularly vomiting .
It is administered as an aerosol , primarily for the treatment of respiratory diseases , such as bronchitis and cystic fibrosis .
It is administered as eye - drops and may cause digestive upsets and salivation if absorbed into the system .
It is administered as nasal drops and may cause slight irritation .
It is administered as solution , ointments , and lotions and is highly toxic if taken by mouth .
It is administered by infection , inhalation , or in a solution applied to the infected area .
It is administered by inhalation , by mouth , by injection , or in suppositories .
It is administered by inhalation , in conjunction with oxygen , and is used as a vehicle for potent anaesthetic vapours , such as halothane .
It is administered by inhalation ; side - effects , following large doses , may include dizziness , fainting , tremor , anxiety , and fast heart rate .
It is administered by inhalation and may cause throat irritation .
It is administered by injection , in eye - drops , or in an ointment ; side - effects include digestive upsets and salivation .
It is administered by injection , usually before or at the same time as the analgesic .
It is administered by injection , which may be painful , and irritates the stomach lining and other mucous membranes .
It is administered by injection ; common side - effects include nausea and vomiting , and the drug may damage the bone marrow , causing serious blood disorders .
It is administered by injection ; side - effects can include fatigue , digestive upsets , and drowsiness .
It is administered by injection ; side - effects commonly include nausea and vomiting .
It is administered by injection ; side - effects may include digestive upsets , slow heart rate , and anaemia .
It is administered by injection ; side - effects may include nausea , dizziness , fever , and rash .
It is administered by injection and , given alone , may depress breathing and cause drowsiness or restlessness .
It is administered by injection and can cause headache , wheezing , rapid heart beat , disturbed vision , and digestive upsets .
It is administered by injection and can cause toxic side - effects in the skin and lungs .
It is administered by injection and can damage the bone marrow , leading to various blood cell disorders .
It is administered by injection and commonly causes nausea , vomiting , and watering of the eyes .
It is administered by injection and high doses may cause signs of virilization in women .
It is administered by injection and may cause digestive upsets , dizziness , headache , fainting , and cyanosis .
It is administered by injection and may cause dizziness , headache , nausea , and fainting if injected too quickly .
It is administered by injection and with prolonged use may cause such side - effects as growth of hair and deepening of the voice .
It is administered by injection in a test for diagnosis of myasthenia gravis .
It is administered by injection or infusion ; side - effects include bone marrow depression , baldness , gastrointestinal disturbances , and heart damage .
It is administered by injection to assist labour and to control bleeding following delivery .
It is administered by injection to maintain blood pressure during surgery and is also used in nasal decongestants .
It is administered by injection to maintain the blood pressure during surgical operations .
It is administered by injection to test adrenal function and to treat conditions such as rheumatic diseases ( especially in children ) and asthma .
It is administered by injection to treat sterility due to lack of ovulation , amenorrhoea , and decreased sperm production .
It is administered by intravenous injection .
It is administered by intravenous injection and is highly toxic .
It is administered by intravenous injection and is used mainly to produce muscle relaxation during surgery carried out under general anaesthesia and to reduce muscular movements during electroconvulsive therapy .
It is administered by mouth ; side - effects include stomach pains , itching , and heartburn .
It is administered by mouth , and side - effects , which can be severe , include dizziness , drowsiness , convulsions , and mental confusion .
It is administered by mouth , and side - effects can include digestive upsets , skin reactions , and dizziness .
It is administered by mouth , common side - effects are nausea , headache , sweating , and general malaise .
It is administered by mouth , common side - effects include lethargy , drowsiness , and digestive upsets .
It is administered by mouth , injected into joints , or applied in cream , lotions , and ointments ( for skin conditions ) .
It is administered by mouth , injection , inhalation , or in suppositories .
It is administered by mouth , injection , or as eye drops .
It is administered by mouth , injection , or in suppositories .
It is administered by mouth , injection , or in suppositories .
It is administered by mouth , injection , or in suppositories ; side - effects include dizziness and digestive upsets .
It is administered by mouth , injection , or in suppositories and may cause nausea and vomiting , headache , palpitation , and dizziness , especially following injection .
It is administered by mouth , injection or inhalation ; side - effects may include dizziness , tremor , and fast heart rate , particularly after large doses .
It is administered by mouth , mainly in the treatment of chronic myeloid leukaemia .
It is administered by mouth , often in combination with other analgesics , and sometimes causes dizziness , drowsiness , nausea , and vomiting .
It is administered by mouth , often in combination with reserpine or other hypotensive agents , since side - effects ( fast heart rate , headache , loss of appetite , nausea , and vomiting ) may be severe .
It is administered by mouth , side - effects can include dry mouth , disturbed vision , flushing , and dizziness .
It is administered by mouth , side - effects include stuffiness of the nose , diarrhoea , nausea , headache , lethargy , and depression .
It is administered by mouth , usually in combination with an oestrogen .
It is administered by mouth , usually in combination with other antimalarial drugs , such as chloroquine .
It is administered by mouth , usually together with other antituberculosis drugs .
It is administered by mouth , usually with corticosteroid replacement therapy .
It is administered by mouth ; common side - effects , which are usually transient , include drowsiness , muscle incoordination , digestive upsets , vertigo , and sight disturbances . .
It is administered by mouth ; common side - effects are diarrhoea , faintness , and dizziness .
It is administered by mouth ; common side - effects are digestive upsets , dizziness , and drowsiness .
It is administered by mouth ; common side - effects are digestive upsets , hair loss , skin disorders , menstrual abnormalities , and reduction in the numbers of normal blood cells .
It is administered by mouth ; common side - effects are drowsiness , dizziness , and nausea .
It is administered by mouth ; common side - effects are drowsiness and diarrhoea .
It is administered by mouth ; common side - effects are fatigue , nausea , and constipation .
It is administered by mouth ; common side - effects are nausea , diarrhoea , and symptoms resulting from the growth of organisms not sensitive to the drug .
It is administered by mouth ; common side - effects are nausea , vomiting , and skin reactions .
It is administered by mouth ; common side - effects are nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , and stomach pains .
It is administered by mouth ; common side - effects include loss of appetite , nausea , vomitting , diarrhoea , and mouth sores .
It is administered by mouth ; digestive upsets and sensitivity reactions sometimes occur .
It is administered by mouth ; headache , dizziness , and giddiness are common side - effects .
It is administered by mouth ; mild side - effects , such as digestive upsets , dizziness , and skin rashes , may occur .
It is administered by mouth ; side - effect may include digestive upsets , drowsiness , and muscle incoordination .
It is administered by mouth ; side - effects are abdominal pains , breast turgidity , nausea , and vertigo .
It is administered by mouth ; side - effects are rare , but temporary flushing of the face may occur .
It is administered by mouth ; side - effects are uncommon , though nausea and vomiting sometimes occur .
It is administered by mouth ; side - effects are usually milder than with other potent antidepressants , the commonest being drowsiness .
It is administered by mouth ; side - effects can include digestive and visual disturbances and drowsiness .
It is administered by mouth ; side - effects can include drowsiness , dry mouth , blurred vision , and digestive upsets .
It is administered by mouth ; side - effects can include nausea , drowsiness , dizziness , skin reactions , and restlessness .
It is administered by mouth ; side - effects do not usually occur , but continued treatment at high doses may cause nausea , vomiting , headache , tingling sensations , and rashes .
It is administered by mouth ; side - effects do not usually occur , but severe diarrhoea may follow large doses .
It is administered by mouth ; side - effects include a metallic taste in the mouth and digestive upsets .
It is administered by mouth ; side - effects include digestive upsets , drowsiness , and skin rashes .
It is administered by mouth ; side - effects include digestive upsets , fever , and rash .
It is administered by mouth ; side - effects include dizziness , drowsiness , tiredness , and digestive upsets .
It is administered by mouth ; side - effects include drowsiness , dizziness , digestive upsets , and skin rashes .
It is administered by mouth ; side - effects include drowsiness , dry mouth , nausea , stomach pain , vertigo , diarrhoea , and mild headache .
It is administered by mouth ; side - effects include dry mouth , blurred vision , fast heart beat , digestive disturbances , and skin rashed .
It is administered by mouth ; side - effects include dry mouth , nausea , and restlessness , and continued use produces tolerance .
It is administered by mouth ; side - effects include dry mouth , thirst , and disturbances of vision .
It is administered by mouth ; side - effects include dry mouth , thirst , and dizziness .
It is administered by mouth ; side - effects include headache , loss of appetite , and digestive upsets , and blood potassium levels may be reduced .
It is administered by mouth ; side - effects include temporary giddiness , muscle incoordination , nausea , and vomiting .
It is administered by mouth ; side - effects may include digestive upsets and disturbances of vision .
It is administered by mouth ; side - effects may include digestive upsets and rashes .
It is administered by mouth ; side - effects may include digestive upsets and rashes .
It is administered by mouth ; side - effects may include dizziness , drowsiness , nausea , and loss of appetite .
It is administered by mouth ; side - effects may include dry mouth , blurred vision , difficulty in urination , and fast heart beat .
It is administered by mouth ; side - effects may include headache , stomach upsets , and drowsiness .
It is administered by mouth ; side - effects may include lack of muscular coordination , loss of appetite , and skin reactions .
It is administered by mouth ; side - effects may include rashes , digestive upsets , and headache .
It is administered by mouth ; side - effects may include rashes and digestive upsets .
It is administered by mouth ; side - effects may include skin rashes , tremors , and abnormal movements .
It is administered by mouth ; side - effects may include sweating and skin rashes .
It is administered by mouth ; side - effects such as drowsiness , depression , and digestive disturbances may occur but are usually temporary .
It is administered by mouth ; side - effects such as dry mouth , blurred vision , difficulty in urination and digestive upsets may occur .
It is administered by mouth ; side - effects such as headache and drowsiness may occur .
It is administered by mouth ; sometimes cause digestive upsets .
It is administered by mouth ; the commonest side - effects are digestive upsets and skin reactions .
It is administered by mouth ; the commonest side - effects are tiredness and digestive upsets .
It is administered by mouth ; the commonest side - effects include drowsiness , digestive upsets , and blurred vision .
It is administered by mouth and can cause digestive upsets and nausea .
It is administered by mouth and can cause such side - effects as skin sensitivity reactions and digestive upsets .
It is administered by mouth and common side - effects include dizziness , headache , somnolence , muscle weakness , and a fall in blood pressure , particularly on the sudden withdrawal of treatment .
It is administered by mouth and common side - effects include tiredness , loss of strength , inhibition of sperm formation , infertility , and breast enlargement ( gynaecomastia ) .
It is administered by mouth and commonly causes abdominal pain and discomfort , diarrhoea , nausea , and vomiting .
It is administered by mouth and commonly causes digestive upsets and allergic reactions .
It is administered by mouth and commonly causes drowsiness , dizziness , and restlessness , especially in high doses .
It is administered by mouth and commonly causes drowsiness .
It is administered by mouth and commonly causes nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , and rashes .
It is administered by mouth and high doses may cause flushing , headache , fainting , and increased heart rate .
It is administered by mouth and in pessaries ; side - effects are rare , but some digestive discomfort may occur .
It is administered by mouth and its actions and side - effects are similar to those of amphetamine .
It is administered by mouth and large doses may cause flushing , headache , and fainting .
It is administered by mouth and may cause constipation , dry mouth , and insomnia .
It is administered by mouth and may cause diarrhoea and allergic reactions .
It is administered by mouth and may cause digestive discomfort .
It is administered by mouth and may cause digestive upsets , drowsiness , dizziness , sweating , and headache .
It is administered by mouth and may cause digestive upsets ; overdosage causes liver damage .
It is administered by mouth and may cause digestive upsets and allergic reactions .
It is administered by mouth and may cause dizziness , blurred vision , digestive upsets , and dry mouth .
It is administered by mouth and may cause dizziness , insomnia , or drowsiness .
It is administered by mouth and may cause dizziness , sweating , and digestive upsets at high doses .
It is administered by mouth and may cause drowsiness , dizziness , blurred vision , and nausea .
It is administered by mouth and may cause drowsiness , dizziness and tremor .
It is administered by mouth and may cause drowsiness , headache , dry mouth , and itching .
It is administered by mouth and may cause drowsiness .
It is administered by mouth and may cause dry mouth , insomnia , depression , headache , constipation , and allergic rashes .
It is administered by mouth and may cause headache and indigestion .
It is administered by mouth and may cause indigestion , nausea , and diarrhoea .
It is administered by mouth and may cause lethargy and drowsiness in the early stages of treatment .
It is administered by mouth and may cause loss of appetite and minor digestive upsets .
It is administered by mouth and may cause mild nausea and breakthrough bleeding .
It is administered by mouth and may cause nausea , dizziness , and dry mouth .
It is administered by mouth and may cause nausea , vomiting , and diarrhoea .
It is administered by mouth and may cause nausea , vomiting , and skin rashes .
It is administered by mouth and may cause nausea and vomiting , hair loss , and skin rash .
It is administered by mouth and may cause skin rashes , digestive discomfort , and sedation .
It is administered by mouth and may cause skin reactions , digestive upsets , dizziness , and weakness .
It is administered by mouth and may cause skin sensitivity reactions , nausea , constipation , diarrhoea , and reduced blood potassium levels .
It is administered by mouth and may cause skin sensitivity reactions , stomach pains , nausea , and reduced blood potassium levels .
It is administered by mouth and may cause skin sentivity reactions , stomach pains , nausea , and reduced blood potassium levels .
It is administered by mouth and occasionally causes visual disturbances , which cease when the drug is withdrawn .
It is administered by mouth and occasionally causes vomiting , flatulence , itching , and skin rash .
It is administered by mouth and often given together with phenobarbitone .
It is administered by mouth and prolonged use can cause dependence .
It is administered by mouth and rarely causes side - effects .
It is administered by mouth and side - effects are those of cortisone .
It is administered by mouth and side - effects are those of the other tetracyclines .
It is administered by mouth and side - effects are uncommon .
It is administered by mouth and side - effects can include nausea , diarrhoea , hair loss , itching , and skin damage .
It is administered by mouth and side - effects commonly involve chest pains due to angina .
It is administered by mouth and side - effects include muscle weakness , bone disorders , digestive and skin disorders , and fluid retention .
It is administered by mouth and side - effects may include agitation and confusion , abdominal discomfort , digestive upsets , and headache .
It is administered by mouth and sometimes causes morning drowsiness , dizziness , and muscle incoordination .
It is administered by mouth and sometimes causes nausea , water retention , and menstrual disturbances at high doses .
It is administered by mouth and sometimes causes skin rashes and digestive upsets .
It is administered by mouth and sometimes causes skin reactions , nausea , vomiting , and headache .
It is administered by mouth and stains the stools bluish - green .
It is administered by mouth and usually has no side - effects .
It is administered by mouth as a gel in the treatment of indigestion , gastric and duodenal ulcers , and reflux oesophagitis .
It is administered by mouth for the treatment of stomach and duodenal ulcers .
It is administered by mouth in cough mixtures and sometimes causes nausea and drowsiness .
It is administered by mouth in the treatment of Raynaud 's disease and similar conditions .
It is administered by mouth or , to relieve severe conditions , by injection .
It is administered by mouth or applied to the teeth as paste or solution .
It is administered by mouth or as pessaries and occasionally causes irrtation of the digestive system , headache , itching , and boils .
It is administered by mouth or by inhalation and may cause nausea and vomiting , insomnia , headache , and nervousness .
It is administered by mouth or in a suppository .
It is administered by mouth or in suppositories .
It is administered by mouth or in suppositories ; common side - effects include nausea , rashes , dizziness , and mouth ulcers .
It is administered by mouth or infection ; side - effects include allergic reactions and digestive upsets .
It is administered by mouth or injection , and drowsiness commonly occurs during the first days of treatment .
It is administered by mouth or injection , common side - effects are drowsiness and lethargy .
It is administered by mouth or injection , common side - effects include mouth sores , digestive upsets , skin rashes , and hair loss .
It is administered by mouth or injection , side - effects include rashes , digestive upsets , and headache .
It is administered by mouth or injection , side - effects such as nervousness and insomnia may occur .
It is administered by mouth or injection .
It is administered by mouth or injection ; common side - effects are drowsiness and dizziness .
It is administered by mouth or injection ; common side - effects are drowsiness and weakness .
It is administered by mouth or injection ; common side - effects are dry mouth and abdominal pains .
It is administered by mouth or injection ; common side - effects are loss of appetite , nausea , constipation , and confusion .
It is administered by mouth or injection ; common side - effects are nausea and vomiting .
It is administered by mouth or injection ; common side - effects include digestive upsets , insomnia , and lassitude .
It is administered by mouth or injection ; common side - effects include digestive upsets , rashes , and fluid retention .
It is administered by mouth or injection ; high doses may cause digestive upsets .
It is administered by mouth or injection ; high doses may cause drowsiness and muscle spasms .
It is administered by mouth or injection ; large doses can cause severe poisoning , symptoms of which include headache , fever , vomiting , confusion and damage to the eyes and ears ( see cinchonism ) .
It is administered by mouth or injection ; muscular incoordination and restlessness are common side - effects .
It is administered by mouth or injection ; side - effect may include digestive upsets , tiredness , and dizziness .
It is administered by mouth or injection ; side - effects are rare but nausea sometimes occurs .
It is administered by mouth or injection ; side - effects are similar to those of chlorpromazine .
It is administered by mouth or injection ; side - effects are those of other synthetic estrogens .
It is administered by mouth or injection ; side - effects include drowsiness , dry mouth , dizziness , and nausea .
It is administered by mouth or injection ; side - effects include dry mouth and blurred vision .
It is administered by mouth or injection ; side - effects include fast heart beat and digestive upsets .
It is administered by mouth or injection ; side - effects may include digestive upsets , dizziness , and allergic reactions .
It is administered by mouth or injection ; side - effects may include digestive upsets and dizziness , and prolonged use may lead to dependence .
It is administered by mouth or injection ; side - effects may include dizziness , drowsiness , headache , and digestive upsets .
It is administered by mouth or injection ; side - effects may include drowsiness and skin sensitivity reactions , and dependence may result from continued use .
It is administered by mouth or injection ; side - effects may include dry mouth , sight disturbances , and difficulty in urination .
It is administered by mouth or injection ; side - effects may include nausea , dizziness , and dry mouth , and dependence may occur with prolonged use .
It is administered by mouth or injection ; side - effects often include mental depression , nasal congestion , and digestive upsets .
It is administered by mouth or injection ; the side - effects include gum hypertrophy , hirsutism , and skin rashes .
It is administered by mouth or injection and commonly causes drowsiness , dizziness , digestive upsets , dry mouth , and headache .
It is administered by mouth or injection and commonly causes drowsiness and dry mouth .
It is administered by mouth or injection and has a rapid but short - lived effect .
It is administered by mouth or injection and has the same actions and side - effects as digitalis .
It is administered by mouth or injection and is usually without side - effects .
It is administered by mouth or injection and may cause dizziness and fast heart beat .
It is administered by mouth or injection and may cause headache and vertigo .
It is administered by mouth or injection and may cause nausea , vomiting , dizziness , and drowsiness .
It is administered by mouth or injection and may cause nausea , vomiting , loss of appetite , constipation , and confusion .
It is administered by mouth or injection and may cause serious side - effects such as stomach ulcers and bleeding , nervous and hormone disturbances , muscle and bone damage , and eye changes .
It is administered by mouth or injection and may cause symptoms of virilization in women , such as growth of body hair and voice changes .
It is administered by mouth or injection and occasionally causes diarrhoea , nausea , and stomach pains .
It is administered by mouth or injection and rarely it may cause flushing , increased heart rate , dizziness , and nausea .
It is administered by mouth or injection and sometimes causes nausea , dizziness , and constipation .
It is administered by mouth or injection and the most common side - effects are dizziness , diarrhoea , muscular pains , and rash .
It is administered by mouth or injection and the most common side - effects are tingling sensations in the nose and sneezing .
It is administered by mouth or injection or applied in an ointment for skin infections , .
It is administered by mouth or injection or applied to the skin as a cream .
It is administered by mouth or injection or applied to the skin in a cream .
It is administered by mouth or injection or as creams and pessaries ; side - effects include loss of appetite , abdominal pain , and diarrhoea .
It is administered by mouth or injection or as ointment or cream ( for skin and eye infections ) .
It is administered by mouth or injection to relieve pain and also to suppress coughs .
It is administered by mouth or injection to treat muscle spasm in such conditions as colic and in sprays for the relief of asthma .
It is administered by mouth or injections ; side - effects may include skin rashes , fever , and diarrhoea .
It is administered by mouth or intramuscular injection .
It is administered by mouth or is applied to the skin in an ointment .
It is administered by mouth to relieve conditions due to irritant effects of bile salts such as the itching that occurs in obstructive jaundice and also to lower the blood levels of cholesterol and other fats .
It is administered by mouth to treat angina ; side - effects at high doses may include digestive upsets , skin reactions , and drowsiness . .
It is administered by mouth to treat narcolepsy and parkinsonism and some depressive states , and to reduce appetite .
It is administered by the Department of Employment through the Health and Safety Commission under the terms of the Health and Safety at Work Act .
It is administered either nasally or by injection to treat diabetes insipdus .
It is administered in the eye drops or ointment and may cause irritation and stinging on application .
It is administered intravenously by injection or infusion .
It is administered intravenously or by mouth , primarily in the treatment of bronchial carcinoma and lymphomas .
It is administered mainly by injection but is given by mouth for infections of the intestine and by inhalation for respiratory infections .
It is almost always caused by physical damage to the brain , and affected individuals usually require help and supervision throughout their lives .
It is also a feature of Cushing 's disease and prolonged steroid therapy .
It is also active against tumours but its clinical use is restricted by its toxicity .
It is also administered by injection in psychiatry , to restore the blood pressure in surgical procedures , and to treat drug overdosage .
It is also administered by injection to treat magnesium deficiency .
It is also administered by mouth to treat gastroenteritis and food poisoning .
It is also applied as a cream to relieve itching or inflammation of the vagina and in acne .
It is also applied topically to produce sloughing , especially for the removal of warts .
It is also associated with certain infectious diseases ( such as blackwater fever ) , ingestion of certain chemicals ( such as arsenic ) , and injury .
It is also closely connected with emotional activity and sleep and functions as a centre for the integration of hormonal and autonomic nervous activity through its control of pituitary secretions ( see neuroendocrine system , pituitary gland ) .
It is also divided into functional regions , including motor cortex , sensory cortex , and association areas .
It is also encountered when encephalitis or other processes damage the extrapyramidal system of the brain .
It is also injected intravenously to produce mental relaxation before psychoanalysis .
It is also involved in the transport of fat in the body .
It is also known as mental retardation , mental deficiency , and amentia .
It is also known as skeletal muscle , because it is attached to the skeleton and is responsible for the movement of bones , and voluntary muscle , because it is under voluntary control .
It is also noted in patients with an invasive cancer of the base of the bladder or severe cystitis or prostatitis , when the strong desire to urinate is accompanied by the painful passage of a few drops of urine .
It is also performed for the safety of the mother , for example in acute toxaemia of pregnancy , failure to induce labour , or prolonged ineffectual labour .
It is also present in the synovial fluid around joints and in the vitreous and aqueous humours of the eye .
It is also responsible for the formation of ideals for the ego .
It is also taken to reduce fever in influenza and the common cold .
It is also undertaken when the kidney has been destroyed by vesicoureteric reflux , to prevent subsequent continuing reflux into the stump of the ureter that would occur if the kidney alone were removed .
It is also used , in oral contraceptives .
It is also used after colostomy or ileostomy to reduce the frequency and fluidity of the stools .
It is also used after surgical operations to restore the function of inactive bowels or bladder .
It is also used as an antitussive in cough mixtures .
It is also used during surgery to reduce blood loss by constricting vessels in the skin .
It is also used for embedding specimens for microscopical study .
It is also used in a diagnostic test for myasthenia gravis .
It is also used in combination with streptodornase , applied topically or taken by mouth or injection , to liquefy pus and relieve inflammation .
It is also used in diagnostic tests to isolate microorganisms from the blood of patients receiving penicillin .
It is also used in disorders of carbohydrate metabolism and in drip feeling .
It is also used in eye drop and , occasionally , as an emetic .
It is also used in oral contraceptives , often in combination with an estrogen .
It is also used in orthopaedics for preparing plaster casts .
It is also used in solution for cleansing wounds and burns , for treating fungal infections of the skin , and for general disinfection of skin and mucous membranes .
It is also used in solution to soften ear wax .
It is also used in some cases during heart surgery .
It is also used in the diagnosis and management of epilepsy .
It is also used to dilate the pupil of the eye .
It is also used to dilate the pupil of the eye for eye examinations .
It is also used to prevent travel sickness .
It is also used to relieve pain and muscle spasm .
It is also used to stain bacterial cells for microscopic examination .
It is also used to stimulate the appetite .
It is also used to suppress lactation , to treat menstrual and menopausal disorders , and to treat breast cancer in women .
It is also used to treat heroin addiction .
It is also used to treat menstrual disorders .
It is also used to treat some intestinal disorders and glaucoma .
It is also useful in treating pediculosis .
It is also widely used in dentistry for detecting dental caries , periodontal disease , periapical disease , the presence and position of unerupted teeth , and disease of the jaws .
It is also widely used in laboratory experiments for bacteriological and genetic studies .
It is an allergic alveolitis , such as also results from sensitivity to many other allergens .
It is an essential aid to the planning of surgical treatment .
It is an important constituent of plant cell walls .
It is an important mediator of inflammation and is released in large amounts after skin damage ( such as that due to animal venoms and toxins ) , producing a characteristic skin reaction ( consisting of flushing , a flare , and a wheal ) .
It is an intermediate host for larvae of the tapeworms Hymenolepis and Dipylidium , which it can transmit to man , and it may also be involved in the transmission of plague .
It is an uncommon condition , affecting boys more often than girls , and creates serious educational problems .
It is applied as a cream , ointment , dusting powder , or as a paste , sometimes in the form of an impregnated bandage .
It is applied as a cream for skin infections , by mouth for intestinal infections , as pessaries or suppositories for vaginal or anal infections , or as eyedrops for eye infections .
It is applied directly to the skin or mucous membranes or injected at the site where anaesthesia is required or into the spine .
It is applied in a cream , solution , dusting powder , or pessary and has the toxic effects of mercury .
It is applied in a solution to mucous membranes or injected .
It is applied in the form of a cream or pessaries , and local skin reactions occasionally occur .
It is applied to skin or mucous membranes for eye , ear , nose and throat surgery but it has also been employed for spinal anaethesia .
It is applied to the infected part as cream or solution or as vaginal pessaries and occasionally causes mild burning or irritation .
It is applied to the infected part as ointment , dusting powder , or tincture and sometimes causes irritation and hypersensitivity reactions .
It is applied to the skin as a lotion or ointment and sometimes causes reddening and hypersensitivity reactions .
It is applied to the skin in creams or lotions to treat skin infections and occasionally causes skin irritation .
It is applied to the skin in ointments to treat such conditions as acne , and used in hair lotions for dandruff .
It is applied to the skin to treat ulcers , dandruff , eczema , psoriasis , warts , and corns .
It is applied topically as it is very toxic if taken into the body .
It is as though the spinal cord had been severed : paralysis and numbness affects the legs and trunk below the level of the diseased tissue .
It is associated with a similar structure , the epoophoron .
It is associated with diffuse degeneration of the brain .
It is associated with mental and physical retardation .
It is associated with rheumatoid arthritis and dryness of the eyes .
It is associated with stenosis of the opening of the ureter and it may cause impaired drainage of the kidney with dilatation of the ureter and hydronephrosis .
It is associated with urinary tract infections .
It is assumed involuntarily by patients with tetanus and strychnine poisoning .
It is based on the mistaken theory that the skull becomes modified over the different functional areas of the cortex of the brain .
It is based on the theory that nearly all disorders can be traced to the incorrect alignment of bones , with consequent malfunctioning of nerves and muscle throughout the body .
It is believed to act directly an the pancreas to stimulate insulin production and is particularly effective in elderly patients with mild diabetes .
It is believed to carry the genes for maleness .
It is bleached in the presence of light and this stimulates nervous activity in the rods .
It is broadly divided into psychosis , in which the capacity for appreciating reality is lost , and neurosis , in which insight is retained .
It is capable of ingesting and killing bacteria and provides an important defense against infection .
It is carried out to facilitate healing and is commonly used to treat injuries or disorders in which bone is infected .
It is carried out when root treatment cannot be done or has failed .
It is carried out when there are risks to the baby from natural child - birth , for example if it is too large to pass through the birth canal or shows signs of lack of oxygen ( anoxia ) ; in a breech presentation that cannot be turned ; or if the placenta obstructs the outlet of the womb and may cause dangerous bleeding .
It is caused by a deficiency of vitamin B1 ( thiamin ) and is most commonly seen in alcoholics and in patients with persistent vomiting .
It is caused by allergy to food substances , drugs , or other allergens or it may be precipitated by heat , cold , or emotional factors .
It is caused by an exaggeration of the stretch reflexes and is usually a sign of disease in the brain or spinal cord .
It is caused by bacterial infection ( with Klebsiella rhinoscleroma ) .
It is caused by disease affecting the nerve fibres of the corticospinal tract , which in health not only initiate movement but also inhibit the stretch reflexes to allow the movements to take place .
It is caused by disease affecting the thalamus at the upper end of the brainstem .
It is caused by disease in the association area of the left parietal lobe of the brain .
It is caused by disease in the left half of the brain ( the dominant hemisphere ) in a right - handed person .
It is caused by disease of the cerebellum or its connecting fibers in the brainstem .
It is caused by disease of the nerve that activates the affected muscle .
It is caused by disease of the opposite ( contralateral ) hemisphere of the brain .
It is caused by exaggerated suction of the diaphragm when breathing in and develops in conditions in which the airways are partially obstructed or when the lungs are abnormally congested due to some congenital abnormality of the heart .
It is caused by failure of the normal development of this bone .
It is caused by injury , infection , or rheumatic disease .
It is caused by liver inflammation ( especially an abscess ) or swelling ( as in cardiac failure ) .
It is caused by obstruction of the colon , Hirschsprung 's disease , or longstanding constipation , or it may occur as a complication of ulcerative colitis ( toxic megacolon ) .
It is caused by painful conditions of the mouth and throat , obstruction of the pharynx or oesophagus by diseases of the wall or pressure from outside , or by abnormalities of muscular activity of the pharynx or oesophagus .
It is caused by the metabolism of bacterial plaque on the surfaces of the teeth adjacent to these tissues .
It is caused by the spirochaete Treponema carateum , a microorganism similar to those causing yaws and syphilis .
It is caused by various filamentous fungi ( e . g . Madurella ) and certain bacteria of the genera Nocardia and Streptomyces .
It is characterized by a purple skin rash due to bleeding into the skin from defective capillaries ; abdominal pain ; and kidney disturbance .
It is characterized by fever , with ulceration of the mouth and throat , and rapidly leads to prostration and death .
It is characterized by multiple sinuses that open onto the skin .
It is characterized by the production of an abnormal type of haemoglobin sickle cell haemoglobin ( Hbs ) in the red blood cells .
It is characterized by the urinary excretion of large amounts of amino acids , glucose , and phosphates ( though blood levels of these substances are normal ) .
It is charaterized by ascites and cirrhosis of the liver .
It is charaterized by diarrhoea ( usually steatorrhoea ) , inflamed tongue ( glossitis ) , anaemia , and weight loss .
It is circulated in the blood to the rest of the stomach , where it stimulates the production of gastric juice .
It is closed by a membrane to which the stapes is attached .
It is closely associated with accessory structures the eyelids , conjunctiva , and lacrima ( tear - producing ) apparatus and its movements are controlled by three pairs of extrinsic eye muscles ( see illustration ) .
It is common between birth and six months of age .
It is common during childhood and may persist into adult life .
It is common in adults in Western countries .
It is common in Africa but rare in the western world , except in patients with AIDS .
It is common in childhood , but when it occurs in an adult it may be a symptom of a psychotic illness , such as schizophrenia .
It is common in children and not unusual in normal adults .
It is common in early childhood but may also be found in mentally handicapped and psychotic patients .
It is common in maize - eating communities .
It is common in plants and occurs in some lower animals ( e . g . aphids ) .
It is common in women in whom the muscles of the pelvic floor are weakened after childbirth .
It is commonly a symptom of schizophrenia .
It is commonly accompanied by difficulties in reading and writing .
It is commonly associated with neural tube defects and hydrocephalus .
It is commonly due to a blood clot in the erectile tissue of the penis and is most often encountered in patients with kidney failure undergoing intermittent dialysis .
It is composed of a lining of endothelial cells and an elastic membrane .
It is composed of a long double filament of DNA coiled into a helix together with associated proteins , with the genes arranged in a linear manner along its length .
It is composed of a matrix of collagen fibres impregnated with bone salts ( chiefly calcium carbonate and calcium phosphate ) .
It is composed of a network of branching elongated cells ( fibres ) whose junctions with neighbouring cells are marked by irregular transverse bands known as intercalated discs .
It is composed of blood cells , which are suspended in a liqiud medium , the plasma .
It is composed of cardiac muscle and forms the greater part of the heart wall , being thicker in the ventricles than in the atria .
It is composed of clusters ( acini ) of cells that secrete pancreatic juice .
It is composed of glucuronic acid and N - acetyl - D - galactosamine units .
It is composed of mucopolysaccharide and fibres of protein .
It is composed of muscle , connective tissue , and mucous membrane .
It is composed of smooth muscle that undergoes small regular spontaneous contractions .
It is composed of two different materials : an inorganic filler held in an organic resin .
It is concerned mainly with the study of the chromosomes , especially their origin , structure , and functions .
It is concerned with protection against injection .
It is concerned with the regulation of temperature .
It is connected to the diaphragm and abdominal walls by five ligaments : the membranous falciform ( which separates the right and left lobes ) , coronary , and right and left triangular ligaments and the fibrous round ligament , which is derived from the embryonic umbilical vein .
It is confined mainly to the tropics and is transmitted by direct contact .
It is consequence of repeated blows to the head that have been severe enough to cause concussion .
It is considerably larger than the nucleus of other cells .
It is considered by some psychiatrists to be a way in which people develop psychosomatic symptoms .
It is considered to develop from ameloblasts although it does not contain enamel .
It is contained in the subarachnoid space and circulates in the ventricles of the brain and in the central canal of the spinal cord .
It is continually being formed - chiefly by capillaries of the ciliary processes - and it drains away into Schlemm 's canal , at the junction of the cornea and sclera .
It is controversial whether this happens .
It is covered by mucous membrane , which is continuous with that of the mouth and pharynx .
It is derived embryologically from mesoderm and is stimulated by pituitary hormones ( principally ACTH ) to produce three kinds of corticosteroid hormones , which affect carbohydrate metabolism ( e . g . cortisol ) , electrolyte metabolism ( e . g . aldosterone ) and the sex glands ( oestrogens and androgens ) .
It is derived from a haemopoietic stem cell and matures via an intermediate stage ( promegakaryocyte ) into a megakaryocyte .
It is derived from cells that have the apparent potential to mature into neurones .
It is derived from embryonic ectoderm and endoderm .
It is designed to restore function with the least potential damage to the remaining teeth .
It is determined by taking a sample of the patient 's blood in a fine tube and spinning it in a centrifuge until settling is complete .
It is diagnosed by demonstrating inflammation of the colon 's lining ( mucosa ) by sigmoidoscopy or barium enema X - ray .
It is diagnosed from its dullness to percussion , bronchial breathing ( see breath sounds ) in the patient , and from the distribution of shadow on the chest X - ray .
It is distinguished from blackdamp ( chokedamp ) , which does not ignite .
It is divided by a septum into separate right and left halves , each of which is divided into an upper atrium and a lower ventricle ( see illustration ) .
It is divided into the nasopharynx , oropharynx , and laryngopharynx ( see illustration ) and it communicates with the posterior nacres , Eustachian tube , the mouth , larynx , and oesophagus .
It is divided into two halves by a septum .
It is divided into two main parts - the small intestine and the large intestine .
It is done because the nerve sometimes regenerates after the other procedures .
It is done to allow the contents of the stomach to pass more easily into the duodenum , particularly after vagotomy to treat peptic ulcers ( which would otherwise cause delay in gastric emptying ) .
It is done to minimize the effects of normal or excessive sympathetic activity .
It is doubtful whether malignant change ever occurs .
It is doubtful whether this represents a true entity and it may be simply a variant of other sarcomas , such as a liposarcoma or a fibrosarcoma .
It is due to a disorder of the association areas in the parietal lobes .
It is due to a disorder of the cells in the retina that are responsible for vision in dim light ( see rod ) , and can result from dietary deficiency of vitamin A .
It is due to a localized increase in the dark pigment melanin and occurs sometimes in pregnancy ( when the nipples also turn brown ) as well as during the menopause .
It is due to absence of support from the lens , against which the iris normally lies , and occurs when the lens is absent or dislocated from its normal position .
It is due to contraction of the brachioradialis muscle , which is stimulated by tapping its point of insertion in the radius .
It is due to deficiency of the pituitary hormone vasopressin , which regulates reabsorption of water in the kidneys , and is treated by administration of the hormone .
It is due to disease in the left hemisphere of the brain in a right - handed person .
It is due to pressure from the aqueous humour behind the iris when its passage through the pupil to the anterior chamber of the eye is obstructed .
It is due to some abnormality of the tear drainage system ( see lacrimal apparatus ) .
It is due to the passage of charged particles across the membrane ( see depolarization ) and is an observable manifestation of the passage of an impulse .
It is easily absorbed once the leak or production is stopped .
It is easily detected on such superficial arteries as the radial artery near the wrist and the carotid artery in the neck .
It is easily induced by injury or surgery ( such as tooth extraction ) after irradiation .
It is embedded in the petrous part of the temporal bone and is filled with fluid .
It is employed in the treatment of poisoning by noncorrosive substances that have been taken by mouth .
It is enclosed within a fibrous capsule that extends into the spongy interior - the splenic pulp - to form a supportive framework .
It is encountered after epileptic attacks , in alcoholism , and in organic states of confusion .
It is encountered only in certain cultures , such as that of the Malays .
It is enveloped in three layers of membrane , the meninges , and extends from the medulla oblongata in the skull to the level of the second lumbar vertebra .
It is equal to the current flowing through a conductor of resistance 1 ohm when a potential difference of 1 volt is applied between its ends .
It is essential for many metabolic processes , including nerve function , muscle contraction , and blood clotting .
It is estimated that a single neurone in this network may have synapses with as many as 25,000 other neurones 
It is excreted or significant amounts in the urine in porphyria .
It is expanded at the base of the penis to form the urethral bulb and at the tip to form the glans penis .
It is expressed in terms of heat production per unit of body surface area per day ( basal metabolic rate - BMR ) , and for and average man the BMR is 1.7 Calories ( 7.115 kilojoules ) per day .
It is expressed in terms of the volume of blood that could be completely cleared of a particular substance in one minute .
It is fairly widely distributed in the diet and a deficiency is therefore unlikely .
It is filled with fluid ( endolymph ) and contains a macula .
It is filled with fluid ( endolymph ) and contains a macula .
It is formally defined as the length of the path travelled by light in vacuum during a time interval of 1 / 299,729,458 of a second 
It is formed before tooth eruption by ameloblasts .
It is formed from the outer wall of the lining of the tympanic cavity and the skin that lines the external auditory meatus .
It is formed from trophoblast lined with mesoderm and becomes closely associated with the allantois .
It is formed in the blood in anaemias in which red blood cells are destroyed and free haemoglobin is released into the plasma .
It is formed in the blood under certain conditions .
It is formed in the blood under certain conditions and is thought to play an important role as a mediator of inflammation .
It is formed parts of the frontal , sphenoid , zygomatic , lacrimal , ethmoid , palatine , and maxillary bones .
It is found in a rare form of leukaemia most commonly occurring in young men .
It is found in all cholinergic nerve junctions , where it rapidly destroys the acetylcholine released during the transmission of a nerve impulse so that subsequent impulses may pass .
It is found in high concentrations in the adrenal medulla and is also in the brain , in the caudate nucleus ( see basal ganglia ) , where it may function as a neurotransmitter .
It is found in nearly all tissues of the body , associated mainly with the mast cells .
It is found in the bone marrow and has a large nucleus and a cytoplasm that stains deeep blue with Romanowsky stains .
It is found in the intervertebral discs and public symphysis .
It is found particularly in pancreatic failure .
It is frequently the point at which fracture of the humerus occurs .
It is generally unstable , being rendered inactive by heat , light , and chemicals .
It is generally held that there are four basic taste sensation - sweet , bitter , sour , and salt - but two others - alkaline and metallic - are sometimes added to this list .
It is generally subdivided into specialist subgroups known colloquially as the Cog - wheel divisions , representing the broad divisions of hospital practice ( medical , surgical , paediatric , etc . ) .
It is given by injection to increase blood pressure , in a nasal spray to relieve nasal congestion , and in eye - drops to dilate the pupils .
It is given by injection to treat cancer of the breast or ovary , lymphoma , and sarcoma .
It is given by intramuscular injection in the treatment of tuberculosis , particularly against that are resistant to other antibiotics ( such as streptomycin and isoniazid ) .
It is given by intravenous infusion for infection due to strains that are resistant to other antibiotics .
It is given by intravenous injection in conditions of acidosis to adjust the pH of the blood to normal levels .
It is given by intravenous injection to produce general anaesthesia or as a premedication prior to surgery .
It is given by mouth , injection , or as suppositories and sometimes causes dizziness , reduced blood pressure , nausea , vomiting , and sleepiness .
It is given by mouth ; side - effects include fever , skin reactions , jaundice , and agranulocytosis .
It is given by mouth and acts by blocking the sympathetic nerves that supply the blood vessels .
It is given by mouth and commonly reduces the numbers of white blood cells and platelets .
It is given by mouth and used mainly in the treatment of chronic leukaemias .
It is given by mouth in the treatment of obesity .
It is given by mouth or by injection for the treatment of acute or chronic mental depression .
It is given by mouth or in the form of suppositories .
It is given by mouth or injection ; side - effects , including rapid heart rate , headache , faintness , and digestive upsets , can occur , especially at high doses .
It is given by mouth to treat agitated psychotic patients with anxiety states and to control nausea and vomiting .
It is given by mouth to treat indigestion and peptic ulcer .
It is given by subcutaneous injection and acts within a few minutes .
It is given with other antituberculosis drugs to reduce the development of resistance by the infective bacteria .
It is heard through a stethoscope , usually when the patient breathes out .
It is held in place with a cement lute .
It is held in position by muscles and ligaments between it and the styloid process of the temporal bone .
It is held in the hand and casts a beam of light into the subject 's eye .
It is here that most of the processes digestion and absorption of food take place .
It is highly toxic , since it also acts on normal tissues .
It is highly toxic and in addition to producing nausea , vertigo , visual disturbances , and skin reactions , it can affect the bone marrow and cause anaemia .
It is homologous to the seminoma of the testis .
It is important for mastication and acts by closing the jaws .
It is important for movements of the scapula and it also draws the head backwards to either side .
It is important for normal carbohydrate metabolism and for the normal response to any stress .
It is inactivated by penicillinase and therefore cannot be used against organisms producing this enzyme .
It is incomplete so long as the womb still contains some of the fetus or its membranes .
It is induced by distension of the walls of the tube .
It is induced by the use of atropine or similar drugs in order to rest the muscle in cases of inflammation of the iris and ciliary body .
It is induced for such major operations as removal of the stomach or a lung .
It is inherited as a dominant characteristic , appearing in half of the children of the patients with this condition .
It is initiated by voluntary relation of the sphincter muscle below the bladder and maintained by reflex contraction of the muscles of the bladder wall .
It is injected into muscle so that the penicillin is released slowly and remains effective for some time .
It is injected through a lumbar puncture needle .
It is injected to treat blockage of blood vessels , including infarction and pulmonary embolism .
It is insoluble and may be demonstrated microscopically in suitably stained tissue preparations .
It is invested by three connective tissue membranes , the meninges , and floats in cerebrospinal fluid within the rigid casing formed by the bones of the skull .
It is itself converted to formic acid , which causes acidosis and death from respiratory failure .
It is known colloquially as the eye tooth .
It is large ( 35 - 160 m in diameter ) , with an irregularly lobed nucleus , and with Romanowski stains its abundant cytoplasm appears pale blue with fine reddish granules .
It is largely concerned with the absorption of water from the material passed from the small intestine .
It is less irritating than the other antihistamines , but it produces their characteristic side - effects , such as drowsiness , dizziness , and incoordination .
It is lethal to bacteria , viruses , fungi , and spores .
It is lethal to most species , even in minute amounts ( 1g / kg body weight ) .
It is lifted back to expose the underlying bone and enable a procedure such as surgical extraction to be performed .
It is lined with mocous membrane , whose secretions lubricate food as it passes from the mouth to the stomach .
It is lined with mucous membrane and is connected to the pharynx by the Eustachian tube and to the outer ear by the eardrum ( tympanic membrane ) .
It is locally invasive but does not metastasize .
It is loop - shaped and contains a sliding knife blade ( see illustration ) .
It is loosely organized and the individual cells migrate to different parts of the body where they form most of the skeletal and connective tissue , the blood and blood system , and the visceral ( smooth ) muscles .
It is made up a framework of nine cartilages ( see illustration ) - the epiglotis , thyroid , cricoid , arytenoid ( two ) , corniculate ( two ) , and cuneiform ( two ) - bound together by ligaments and muscles and lined with mucous membrane .
It is made up of individual bones ( see vertebra ) connected by discs of fibrocartilage ( see intervertebral disc ) and bound together by ligaments .
It is made up of three to five lung acini .
It is mainly concerned with the detection and , where possible , the elimination of genetic disease in man .
It is marked by a pimply rash on and around the genital organs , which develops into a granulomatous ulcer .
It is marked by an inability to communicate by speech or to form abstract concepts , repetitive and limited patterns of behaviour ( see stereotypy ) , and obsessive resistance to tiny changes in familiar surroundings .
It is marked by fever , bloody urine , jaundice , vomiting , enlarged liver and spleen , anaemia , exhaustion , and - in fatal cases - a reduced flow of urine resulting from a blockage of the kidney tubules .
It is marked by memory disorders , changes in personality , deterioration in personal care , impaired reasoning ability , and disorientation .
It is marked by transverse lines of brown defective enamel , which define the date of the illness .
It is measured by dividing the average number of bacteria in the blood per phagocyte in the presence of immune serum by the corresponding number in the presence of normal serum .
It is more common for only a few teeth to fail to develop ( see hypodontia ) .
It is more common in childhood than in adult life .
It is more common in patients who live in institutions where they are bored and unstimulated .
It is more commonly performed to test for the patency of the vas deferens in patients with azoospermia .
It is most common in childhood and is usually a symptom of chest infection or inflammation in the upper respiratory tract .
It is most common in the cells of heart muscle , nerves , and liver and is normally contained within the lysosomes .
It is most common on new arrivals in a hot climate and is treated by giving drinks or intravenous injections of salted water .
It is most common within the deep veins of the craft of the leg ( in contrast to thrombophlebitis , which affects superficial leg veins ( see phlebitis ) ) .
It is most commonly an expression of hysteria .
It is most commonly applied to the association of phlebothrombosis and pulmonary embolism ( pulmonary thromboembolic disease ) .
It is most commonly found in the thigh and is rare under the age of 30 years .
It is most commonly seen in diabetics but is found occasionally innondiabetics .
It is most commonly seen in newborn infants delivered with the aid of forceps or subjected to pressures during passage through the birth canal .
It is most commonly seen in people from dry hot dusty climates , and only rarely interferes with vision .
It is most commonly seen in the chronically swollen ( oedematous ) arms of women who have had a mastectomy for breast cancer .
It is most commonly the result of myocardial infarction .
It is most frequently seen in the elderly as the result of chronic degenerative scarring around the conducting tissue .
It is most often a spinning sensation but there may be a feeling that the ground is tilting .
It is most often associated with disease of the motor neurones in the spinal cord or of the nerve fibres .
It is most often caused by disease of the parietal lobes of the brain and sometimes be disease of the frontal lobes .
It is most often due to rheumatic fever or results from bacterial infection ( bacterial endocarditis ) .
It is most often seen as an isolated malformation in the genital skin of the elderly or on the hands and feet of children .
It is most often seen in the calf and leg muscles as a result of atheroma of the leg arteries .
It is most profuse at about the seventh month of gestation and is shed in the ninth month .
It is most pronounced in resting limbs , interfering with such actions as holding a cup .
It is most readily obtained at the ankle when the examiner bends the foot sharply upwards and then maintains an upward pressure on the sole .
It is most toxic if injected intravenously or inhaled as fine particles .
It is necessary for the formation of prothrombin in the liver , which is essential for blood clotting , and is also regulates the synthesis of other clotting factors .
It is necessary for the synthesis of collagen .
It is normal for the periods to be absent before puberty , during pregnancy and milk secretion , and after the end of the reproductive period ( see menopause ) .
It is normal in Mongolian races and occurs abnormally in certain congenital conditions , e . g . Down 's syndrome .
It is normally administered in the form of its calcium sodium salt , called calcium sodium edetate .
It is normally covered by the prepuce ( foreskin ) , unless this has been removed by circumcision .
It is normally done by whisking the blood with a bundle of fine wires , to which the strands of fibrin that form in the blood adhere .
It is normally found in the blood - forming tissue of the bone marrow , but may appear in the blood in a variety of diseases , including infections , infiltrations of the bone marrow , and certain leukaemias .
It is normally found in the blood - forming tissue of the bone marrow , but may appear in the blood in a variety of diseases , most notably in acute myeloblastic leukaemia .
It is normally found in the blood - forming tissue of the bone marrow but may appear in the blood in a wide variety of diseases , including acute infections .
It is normally found in the blood - forming tissue of the bone marrow but may appear in the blood in certain diseases , most notably in acute monoblastic leukaemia .
It is normally performed in combination with an incision into renal pelvis ( see pyelolithotomy ) .
It is not a symptom of organic disease and it will usually respond to the reeducation of speech by a trained therapist .
It is not capable of contraction , and its function is uncertain .
It is not functional and soon disappears .
It is not inborn , but acquired during the first few months of life .
It is not known why the body should lose the ability to distinguish between substances that are " self " and those that are " non - self " .
It is not malignant and its cause is unknown .
It is not primarily an inflammatory condition , although it is frequently complicated by acute infection .
It is not related to arteriosclerosis and needs no treatment .
It is not specific to any one psychiatric condition .
It is not used alone for long operations because of the dangers of overdosage and liver damage , but it is sometimes given in combination with nitrous oxide or ether . .
It is now known as lymhocyte - predominant Hodgkin 's disease and has the best prognosis of all the types .
It is now known that no symptoms result from simple anatomical variations of this sort .
It is now known that the genes are arranged on chromosomes , which are present in pairs in somatic cells and separate during gamete formation by the process of meiosis .
It is now rarely performed , ileostomy , caecostomy , or colostomy being preferred .
It is now thought that oogonia persist in a dormant state from the prenatal period until required in reproductive life .
It is now widely used in the diagnosis of obstructive jaundice and pancreatic disease .
It is obtained from the pawpaw fruit and is used as a digestant .
It is occasionally seen in various diseases of the nervous system .
It is of importance in the recognition of tumours of the spinal cord and other conditions compressing the cord or the nerve roots .
It is often , but not necessarily , a form of paranoid schizophrenia .
It is often accompanied by loss of sensation below the level of the injury and disturbed bladder function .
It is often accompanied by prostration and vomiting .
It is often administered with aspirin , codeine , or phenacetin as an analgesic preparation .
It is often associated with cataplexy , and when falling asleep the patient may experience auditory hallucinations or transient attacks of musculat paralysis .
It is often associated with knock - knee .
It is often associated with other defects of the nervous system , such as spina bifida .
It is often associated with phaeochromocytoma and syringomyelia .
It is often associated with temporal arteritis .
It is often bulky and polypoid , with grape - like fronds ( sarcoma botryoides ) .
It is often carried out with a special hollow needle , inserted into the liver , kidney , or other organ , with relatively little discomfort to the patient .
It is often caused by infection spreading from the nose .
It is often caused by insecure attachment .
It is often confined to one lobe of the liver .
It is often found in families affected with pseudohypoparathyroidism .
It is often preceded by psychological conflict and depression , and may be associated with hysteria or organic mental disease .
It is often preferred to other hypnotic since side - effects are not severe , though morning drowsiness sometimes occurs .
It is often quoted as an example of a syndrome confined to one culture ( that of some North American Indian tribes , such as the Cree ) .
It is often recognized by asking the patient to tap with his fingers on the back of his other hand .
It is often severe and may lead to perforation of the oesophagus or to extensive stricture formation .
It is often thought to be of rheumatic origin .
It is one cause of raised blood pressure .
It is one of the causes of otitis externa .
It is one of the constituents of gluten .
It is one of the fetal abnormalities induced by the drug thalidomide taken early in pregnancy .
It is one of the principles that guide some schizophrenics in the production of neologisms .
It is one of the several different types of cell that make up the glia .
It is part of the aponeurosis of the external oblique muscle of the abdomen .
It is part of the cell 's response to injury .
It is particularly concerned with aids to daily living , which can be inspected by clients , doctors , and others at a permanent exhibition at the headquarters of the Foundation .
It is particularly prevalent where standards of personal hygiene are low .
It is particularly recommended for the treatment of hyperkinetic syndrome , but is of unproved value .
It is partly a reflection of general health but is also influenced by vaccination or other methods of increasing resistance to specific diseases .
It is penetrated by at least one spermatozoon at fertilization and persists around the blastocyst until it reaches the womb .
It is performed for a variety of reasons , including the removal of any remaining material left after a miscarriage , removal of cysts or tumours , and examination of the womb lining in the diagnosis of gynaecological disorders .
It is performed for the relief of pannus .
It is performed for tumours , severe diverticular disease , or for an abnormally long sigmoid colon that has become twisted ( see volvulus ) .
It is performed in order to allow bile to pass from the liver to the intestine when the common bile duct is obstructed by an irremovable cause .
It is performed instead of hysterectomy when the patients wishes for further pregnancies .
It is performed only when cholecystectomy would be impracticable or dangerous .
It is performed to protect the cornea or to allow a corneal injury to heal .
It is poorly absorbed from the gastrointestinal tract and must be given by intra - muscular injection .
It is possible in this case that the defects does not lie in the cones themselves but in the integration of the nerve impulses as they pass from the cones to the brain .
It is possible to detect certain signs of physical disease , such as fine nervous tremors or irregularity of the pulse .
It is possible to map out the cortex to show which of its areas is responsible for which particular part of the body .
It is possible to obtain specimens for microscopic examination using flexible forceps passed through the colonoscope and to remove polyps using a diathermy snare .
It is potentially fatal unless treated immediately : the body should be cooled by applying damp cloths and body fluids restored by giving drinks or intravenous injections of salted water .
It is produced by the oil - secreting glands of the skin and contains skin scales and fine hairs .
It is present in the blood at a concentration of about 10mg / 100ml , being maintained at this level by hormones ( see thyrocalcitonin , parathyroid hormone ) .
It is principally concerned with the treatment of children .
It is probably identical with the myeloblast and matures via an intermediate stage ( promonocyte ) .
It is produced by strong motivation , by anxiety , and by a stimulating environment .
It is produced by the action of gastric juice and the churning movements of the stomach .
It is produced by the action of hydrochloric acid on pepsinogen , which is secreted by the gastric glands .
It is rapidly absorbed and acts quickly , producing a fall in arterial blood pressure .
It is rapidly absorbed from the alimentary canal and is usually given by mouth as a syrup , although it can be administered rectally .
It is rapidly acting and long lasting and is applied topically as a nasal decongestant in the relief of the common cold and sinusitis .
It is rapidly effective and the effects are short - lived .
It is rare , and appendicectomy will not usually cure such pains .
It is rare in civilized communities and is usually found in debilitated or malnourished individuals .
It is rare in infants and the elderly , the commonest time of onset being in childhood or adolescence .
It is rare in men but is the commonest form of cancer in women , in some cases involving both breasts .
It is rare over the age of eight years and the most obvious symptom is an abdominal swelling .
It is recognized as a red spot , sometimes spidery in appearance , that blanches on pressure .
It is recognized as a small red dot when the interior of the eye is examined with an ophthalmoscope .
It is recurrent and extremely contagious as the blisters burst to release viruses that infect the sexual partner .
It is red and may attain a very large size , but usually disappears spontaneously within the first year of life .
It is related to the disorders of language and it is caused by disease in the parietal lobe of the brain .
It is relatively inelastic but has a high tensile strength .
It is relieved by treatment of the cause .
It is removed from the mouth for cleaning by the patient .
It is required as a cofactor for approximately 90 enzymes .
It is required for congenital deformity of the penis , as in hypospadias or epispadias , and sometimes also following injury to the penis with loss of skin .
It is required to gain access to the heart in heart surgery and to remove excess fluid from within the pericardium .
It is responsible for compressing the cheek and is important in mastication .
It is responsible for ensuring that patients are adequately informed of the procedures involved in a research project ( including the use of dummy or placebo treatments as controls ) , that the tests and therapies are safe , and that no one is pressurized into participating .
It is responsible for helping to form cerebrospinal fluid .
It is responsible for preparing the inner lining ( endometrium ) of the womb for pregnancy .
It is responsible for raising the arm away from the side of the body .
It is responsible for the production of cerebrospinal fluid .
It is secreted by the gastric glands in an inactive form , prorennin , which is activated by hydrochloric acid .
It is secreted by the pancreas in an inactive form , chymotrypsinogen , that is converted into chymotrypsin in the duodenum by the action of trypsin .
It is secreted by the pancreas in an inactive form in the duodenum to trypsin by the action of the enzyme entetropeptidase .
It is secreted by the synivial membrane .
It is seen , with other tics , in the Gilles de la Tourette syndrome .
It is seen as a response to inflammation of the cornea or conjunctiva , particularly in trachoma .
It is seen in catatonia and infantile austism .
It is seen in constrictive pericarditis , pericardial effusion , and asthma .
It is seen in syphilis , polyarteritis , temporal arteritis , and Buerger 's disease .
It is seldom used in Western psychiatry .
It is sensitive to radiotherapy , and systemic therapy with cytotoxic drugs has improved its prognosis .
It is significantly longer - acting than many other local anaesthetics .
It is similar in composition to plasma , but contains less protein and some cells , mainly lymphocytes .
It is similar in its actions and effects to chloral hydrate .
It is similar to nicotinic acid and is used to treat disorders due to poor circulation , such as chilblains and Raynaud 's disease .
It is similar to snow blindness and the condition caused by overexposure of the eye to sun - tanning lamps .
It is situated in front of the knee in the tendon of the quadriceps muscle of the thigh .
It is situated in the front of the neck , above the trachea .
It is situated in the left frontal lobe in most ( but not all ) right - handed people , in the region of Brodmann areas 44 and 45 .
It is situated in the thigh and is subdivided into four distinct portions : the rectus femoris ( which also flexes the thigh ) , vastus lateralis , vastus medialis , and vastus intermedius ( see illustration ) .
It is situated superficially , running down the font medial aspect of the thigh .
It is slow - acting but the effects are prolonged .
It is small focus of granulomatous inflammation , which may become visible on a chest X - ray if it grows large enough or if it calcifies .
It is solutions or creams to destroy warts and to treat skin injuries , including burns .
It is sometimes associated with depression .
It is sometimes associated with myasthenia gravis , a chronic disease which muscles tired easily .
It is sometimes associated with rheumatoid arthritis or systemic sclerosis .
It is sometimes called specific dyslexia or developmental dyslexia to distinguish it from acquired difficulties with reading and writing .
It is sometimes caused by an imbalance of the salts in the body , but is more often a result of fatigue , imperfect posture , or stress .
It is sometimes classified as a vitamin but it can be synthesized by most animals and there is no evidence that it is essential to man .
It is sometimes experienced by people with early cataract .
It is sometimes experienced in digitalis poisoning .
It is sometimes part of an overwhelming virus infection but acute disseminated encephalomyelitis is a form of delayed tissue hypersensitivity provoked by a mild infection or vaccination 7 - 10 days earlier .
It is sometimes performed at the time of prostatectomy to prevent the complication of epididymitis in the postoperative period .
It is sometimes seen in disorders of the cerebellum .
It is sometimes seen in organic psychosis , in schizophrenia , and in people of pedantic and obsessional personality .
It is sometimes stratified so that separate samples are drawn from each of several layers of the universe , usually on the basic of age , sex , and social class .
It is sometimes used as a synonym for hypnosis .
It is sometimes used in low concentrations as a preservative in injections .
It is sometimes used in the treatment of septic pericarditis .
It is spread by contact and epidemics usually occur during warm weather in temperate regions and at any time in the tropics .
It is surrounded by an envelope ( involucrum ) of sclerotic bone and fibrous tissue and can be seen as a dense area within the bone on X - ray .
It is surrounded by blood capillaries , which reabsorb water and selected soluble substances back into the bloodstream .
It is surrounded by dentine except where it communicates with the rest of the body at the apex .
It is surrounded by the glossopalatine arch ( which forms the anterior pillars of the fauces ) and the pharyngopalatine arch ( the posterior pillars ) .
It is suspended in the pelvic cavity by means of peritioneal folds ( ligaments ) and fibrous bands .
It is symptom of disease of the basal ganglia .
It is taken as pastilles or inhaled as vapour to relieve catarrh .
It is taken by mouth - alone or in combination with caffeine , phenacetin , or codeine - for the relief of the less severe types of pain , such as headache , toothache , neuralgias , and the pain of rheumatoid arthritis .
It is taken by mouth and is effective in the treatment of infections of the respiratory tract ( including bronchitis ) , the urinary and gastrointestinal tracts , and the skin .
It is taken by mouth to treat the diarrhoea and vomiting due to food poisoning and other digestive disorders .
It is the adult counterpart of rickets .
It is the antagonist of the brachialis .
It is the chemical form in which unrequired nitrogen is excreted by the body in the urine .
It is the chief muscle responsible for pushing and punching movements .
It is the consequence of an interruption to the flow of blood to the brain .
It is the counterpart of starch in plants .
It is the first stage of goniopuncture .
It is the main method of reading used by the blind today .
It is the main organ of taste ; and it plays an important role in the production of articulate speech .
It is the major route by which the end - products of nitrogen metabolism - urea , uric acid , and creatinine - are excreted .
It is the most common procedure in psychosurgery .
It is the responsibility of local authorities to identify those with such problems and to ensure that services are available to meet their needs and that the people concerned are aware of the available services .
It is the second most common sarcoma of soft tissues .
It is the site of manufacture of proteins and lipids and it concerned with the transport of these products within the cells .
It is the site of primary filtration of the blood into the kidney tubule .
It is the site of primary filtration of waste products from the blood into the kidney tubule .
It is the sole source of food for the young of most mammals at the start of life .
It is the sweetest of the natural dietary carbohydrates .
It is the thickest of the three layers being composed of elastic fibres and smooth muscle fibres in alternating layers .
It is the upper part of the broad ligament , which surrounds the womb .
It is the way in which new body cells are produced for both growth and repair .
It is therefore debatable whether paraphrenia constitutes a separate entity .
It is thickest on the soles of the feet and palms of the hands .
It is thought not to represent major genes but may be involved in controlling these genes , and also in controlling mitosis and development .
It is thought that the higher temperature in the abdomen interferes with sperm production .
It is thought that the mechanisms for perceiving red light and green light are in some way combined in people with this defect .
It is thought that there are three types of cone , each sensitive to the wavelength of a different primary colour - red , green , or blue .
It is thought that when the normal antigen - antibody defence reaction is followed by tissue damage this may be due to an abnormality in the working of the complement system .
It is thought to be an autoimmune condition and may be recurrent .
It is thought to be caused by a disorder of metabolism .
It is thought to be caused by a virus and transmitted by cannibalism .
It is thought to be due to the exhaustion of the cells of the motor cortex of the brain .
It is thought to play a role in inflammation similar to that of histamine and it also possibly concerned with the process of sleep .
It is thus a method of diagnosing the presence of the disease in a patient and also a means of identifying the organisms in infected material .
It is thus beneath the crown of the skull .
It is thus entirely with in the central nervous system .
It is transmitted by direct contact with infected persons and their clothing and possibly also by flies of the genus Hippelates .
It is transmitted by mosquitoes , principally Aedes aegypti .
It is transmitted chiefly by direct contact with a patient .
It is transmitted either from a patient or carrier ( by coughing ) or through contaminated milk .
It is transmitted through food or drinking water contaminated by the faeces or urine of patient or carriers .
It is transmitted to man either through the bite of forest dwelling ticks of the species Ixodes persulcatus or by drinking the milk of infected goats .
It is transmitted to man when the trypanosomes , present in the faeces of nocturnal bloodsucking reduviid bugs , come into contact with wounds and scratches on the skin or the delicate internal tissues of the nose and mouth .
It is transported in the lymphatic system to the thoracic duct , which drains into the subclavian vein .
It is treated by administration of glucose , by injection if the patient is in a coma , by mouth otherwise .
It is treated by antacid medicines , weight reduction , and avoidance of bending .
It is treated by giving vitamin B12 injections .
It is treated by means of a battery operated pacemaker .
It is treated surgically , by drainage of the fluid or removal of the sac .
It is treated with antibiotics - especially nystatin - applied locally , inhaled , or taken by mouth .
It is treated with drugs , typically one or a combination of the following : cyclophosphamide , vincristine actinomycin - D . methotrexate , or doxorubicin .
It is treated with various antibiotics , carbarsone , and diiodohydroxyquinoline .
It is typically a chronic condition , and the most prominent features are disordered thinking ; inappropriate emotions with thoughtless cheerfulness , apathy , or querulousness ; and silly behaviour .
It is typically seen in the elderly and deaf .
It is unusual for children not registered with the practice to attend such clinics .
It is used , alone or in combination with other drugs , main in the treatment of infections of the mouth , throat , skin , wounds and burns .
It is used , for example , in the treatment of malignant meningitis , particularly in children with leukaemia .
It is used alone or in combination with other antibiotics or antiseptics in ointments , solutions , or sprays for the treatment of infected ulcers , wounds , and burns .
It is used as a measure of the amount of antibody in the serum .
It is used as a pH indicator and as a histochemical reagent for calcium , thallium , titanium , and zirconium .
It is used as a sealer for amalgam fillings or as a coating over newly inserted cement fillings .
It is used as a solvent , cleaning fluid , and fuel .
It is used as a stage in the rehabilitation of the mentally ill , usually they have just been discharged from hospital and are able to work but are not yet ready for independent life .
It is used as an emollient in many skin preparations , as a laxative ( particularly in the form of suppositories ) , and as a sweetening agent in the pharmaceutical industry .
It is used as solution for cleansing wounds and ulcers and also as a mouth wash and deodorant .
It is used by dentists with specialist training .
It is used by plants in the process of photosynthesis .
It is used for assessing the degree of abnormal curvature of the cornea in astigmatism .
It is used for precise descriptions of behaviour and for following the course of behaviour modification .
It is used in cases where the vertebrae have been severely damaged by disease , such as tuberculosis .
It is used in childbirth to control bleeding following delivery and to help the womb return to normal .
It is used in chromatography and in the preparation of tissues for enzyme extraction .
It is used in family psychotherapy , in teaching social skills to patients , and also in the training of psychiatric and other staff .
It is used in the form of camphorated oil ( camphor in cottonseed oil ) in liniments as a counterirritant .
It is used in the investigation of diarrhoea or rectal bleeding , particularly to detect colitis or cancer of the rectum .
It is used in the treatment of a variety of severe infections , including those of bones , joints , the bloodstream , and the urinary and respiratory tracts .
It is used in the treatment of bronchitis and may cause nausea .
It is used in the treatment of chronic constrictive pericarditis and chronic pericardial effusion ( see pericarditis ) .
It is used in the treatment of gastric or doudenal ulcers , spasm in the digestive system , and difficult or painful menstruation and also to relax the womb in labour .
It is used in the treatment of influenza infections and parkinsonism .
It is used in the treatment of portal hypertension , since by lowering the pressure within the veins of the stomach and oesophagus - it prevents serious bleeding into the gastrointestinal tract .
It is used in the treatment of schizophrenia and mania , to control severe anxiety and agitation , and to control nausea and vomiting .
It is used in the treatment of spastic conditions , such as parkinsonism , and for back pain , sprains , and other injuries .
It is used in the treatment of vascular disease to relieve spasm of the arteries and improve blood flow to the tissues .
It is used in various intrusment for recording changes in air pressure .
It is used in various modified forms in dentistry to make plaster models .
It is used mainly for diagnosis in orthodontics .
It is used mainly in the treatment of asthma and other allergic conditions and chronic bronchitis .
It is used mainly in the treatment of chronic urinary tract infections and malaria and is often administered by mouth , in a combined preparation with sulphamethoxazole ( see cotrimoxazole ( Bactrim , Septrin ) ) .
It is used mainly to diagnose and treat myasthenia gravis and as an antidote to some muscle relaxant drugs , such as tubocurarine .
It is used mainly to relieve pain in rheumatoid arthritis , gout , and similar conditions .
It is used mainly to treat cancer of the testis and is administered by injection .
It is used mainly to treat rheumatic fever .
It is used particularly in the diagnosis of bronchiectasis .
It is used to determine whether or not the flow of cerebrospinal fluid is blocked in the spinal canal .
It is used to improve mental activity in convalescence and some depressive states and to overcome lethargy associated with drug treatment .
It is used to induce sleep or as a daytime sedative , particularly in children .
It is used to promote wakefulness and increase mental activity .
It is used to reduce blood pressure and to treat conditions involving poor circulation , such as Raynaud 's disease and chilbrains .
It is used to relieve allergic conditions , such as asthma and hay fever , and nasal congestion , and is administered by mouth , injection , or by inhalation .
It is used to relieve symptoms in asthma and bronchitis and to treat congestive heart failure .
It is used to treat bowel infections , such as dysentery , and skin infections and is administered by mouth , as suppositories , or in ointments , creams , or lotions .
It is used to treat carbon monoxide poisoning , gas gangrene , and acute breathing difficulties .
It is used to treat mild or moderate pain , such as headache , toothache , and rheumatism .
It is used to treat nausea , vomiting , indigestion , heartburn , and flatulence .
It is used to treat reduced heart activity and is given by mouth or injection .
It is used to treat rheumatoid arthritis , ankylosing spondylitis , and gout .
It is used to treat toothache and apical abscesses .
It is used to treat Wilson 's disease , poisoning by metals such as lead , copper , and mercury , and severe rheumatoid arthritis .
It is used to treat wools and hides , to kill anthrax spores .
It is used together with pumps to maintain the patient 's circulation while he is undergoing open heart surgery ( see heart - lung machine ) or to improve the circulation of a patient with heart or lung disorders that lower the amount of blood oxygen .
It is used when the patient has become addicted to a drug or is placing too much reliance upon a particular remedy .
It is useful in the diagnosis of neurosyphilis and multiple sclerosis .
It is useful when the woman has blocked Fallopian tubes or some similar defect in the reproductive system .
It is usually a consequence of pain in or disuse of a muscle or limb .
It is usually a form of cerebral palsy .
It is usually a sign of internal cancer .
It is usually accompanied by the desire to pass urine frequently , with a degree of burning .
It is usually accompanied by weakness in the affected limb ( see spastic paralysis ) .
It is usually administered by injection , but taken orally is widely used to treat dental abscesses and remains the antibiotic of choice for their treatment .
It is usually administered by injection but is also taken by mouth or aplied as a solution or ointment for ear and eye infections .
It is usually administered by mouth or ( for hypertension ) injection , with a diuretic as it causes salt and water retention .
It is usually applied externally , to treat infection of the skin , eyes , or nose , but can be given by mouth as an intestinal antiseptic or by injection .
It is usually applied in creams or drops with other antibiotics , but can also be given by mouth .
It is usually associated with abnormalities of the liver ( including liver abscess , cirrhosis , tuberculosis ) or in chronic peritonitis .
It is usually associated with an increased output of stomach acid affects people with blood group O more commonly than others .
It is usually associated with duodenal or pyloric ulcers .
It is usually associated with mental retardation .
It is usually associated with narcolepsy .
It is usually caused by bacterial infection that spreads from the middle ear ( see otitis ) .
It is usually caused by compression of the nerve and there is no structural damage involved .
It is usually caused by degeneration of an intervertebral disc , which protrudes laterally to compress a lower lumbar or an upper sacral spinal nerve root .
It is usually caused by degenerative disease of the blood vessels and high blood pressure .
It is usually caused by incompatibility of the rhesus blood groups between mother and infants ( see rhesus factor ) .
It is usually caused by infection spreading down the vas deferens but can develop in mumps .
It is usually caused by the damaging effect of ultraviolet light on the cornea , for example in snow blindness .
It is usually determined by hereditary factors .
It is usually due to a congenital weakness of the centre of the cornea , but may not produce symptoms until later childhood .
It is usually due to a disorder of the retina affecting the macula ( the most sensitive part ) .
It is usually due to a disturbance in the coordinated movements of the muscles that move the eyeball , and covering one eye will abolish it .
It is usually due to acute infection by viruses or bacteria or to food poisoning toxins and causes vomiting and diarrhoea .
It is usually due to damage to the blood vessels of the retina , occurring ( for example ) as a complication of diabetes ( diabetic retinopathy ) or high blood pressure .
It is usually due to disease of the retina affecting the macula but may also occur in spasm of accommodation and in some brain disorders .
It is usually due to disease of the retina affecting the macula but may occur in paralysis of accommodation and in some brain disorders .
It is usually due to inflammation but may occur if the drainage of blood and lymph from around the eye is obstructed .
It is usually due to weakness of the pelvic floor after childbirth and causes bulging of the anterior wall of the vagina on straining .
It is usually fatal but can be controlled ( sometimes for years ) with steroids and cyclophosphamide .
It is usually fluffy one side and smooth the other .
It is usually found in chronic ulcerative colitis .
It is usually given by slow intravenous injection .
It is usually given with other compounds in mixtures , powders , and tablets .
It is usually made entirely of acrylic resin .
It is usually manifest by the time the individual is adolescent .
It is usually measured on an instrument called a spirometer .
It is usually mild , disappearing in adulthood , but can be severe and chronic , causing infected cysts and scarring of the skin .
It is usually necessary to perform capsulotomy later .
It is usually part of the ageing process , when it starts at the temples .
It is usually performed after operations on the throat as a temporary measure to allow feeding .
It is usually performed for cancer of the rectum and requires the construction of a permanent opening in the colon ( see colostomy ) .
It is usually performed for intestinal disease ( e . g . Crohn 's disease ) but sometimes for the treatment of obesity .
It is usually performed for soft tissue or bone sarcomas arising from the upper arm or shoulder .
It is usually performed for soft tissue or bone sarcomas arising from the upper arm or shoulder .
It is usually performed for soft tissue or bone sarcomas arising from the upper thigh , hip , or buttock .
It is usually performed to allow food and fluid to be poured directly into the stomach when swallowing is impossible because of disease or obstruction of the oesophagus .
It is usually performed using a diathermy wire through a duodenoscope following ERCP .
It is usually performed when the right side of the colon has been removed or if it is desired to bypass either the terminal part of the ileum or right side of the colon .
It is usually performed with a urethrotome .
It is usually seen in children and adolescents but can occur in adults of all ages , often in association with Paget 's disease of bone .
It is usually slow - growing and produces symptoms by pressure on the underlying nervous tissue .
It is usually the result of acid or alkali burns to the conjunctiva lining the eyelid and eyeball .
It is usually the site of a healed corneal ulcer that has penetrated right through the cornea .
It is usually treated by rest and antibiotics .
It is usually treated with tranquillizing drugs and reassurance .
It is usually used with a pocket torch to provide illumination .
It is usually women over 30 years of age who are affected .
It is very dangerous and may cause death .
It is very much reduced in man , in which it gives rise to the archenteric canal ( see archenteron ) .
It is very useful as a sweetener in diabetic and low calorie foods .
It is well tolerated , but produces drowsiness and confusion .
It is widely used to dilate the air passages in the treatment of asthma and emphysema , to dilate the coronary arteries in angina pectoris , and as a diuretic , particularly in cases of oedema .
It is widely used to sterilize drinking water and purify swimming baths .
It is widespread in rice - eating communities in which the diet is based on polished rice , from which the thiamin - rich seed coat has been removed .
It is yellowish in colour and is found in the external ear .
It leads to pancreatic failure causing malabsorption and diabetes mellitus .
It leads to the nasal cavity ( internal nose ) , which is lined with mucous membrane containing olfactory cells and is divided into two chambers ( fossae ) by the nasal septum .
It leaves the right ventricle and passes upwards for 5 cm before dividing into two , one branch going to each lung .
It lies one - third of the way along a line drawn from the anterior superior iliac spine ( the projecting part of the hipbone ) to the umbilicus .
It mainly affects adolescents and young adults .
It may affect the limbs , lungs , or viscera and may be single or multiple .
It may also be a symptom of neurosis , arrhythmias , heart disease , and overactivity of the circulation ( as in thyrotoxicosis ) .
It may also be accompanied by damage to the peripheral nerves and the optic nerve and by dementia .
It may also be applied to a single psychological function ; for example , psychoanalysts speak of the libido regressing to an early stage of development .
It may also be caused by blood - borne microorganisms .
It may also be caused by depression or psychological trauma , in which case the patient either does not speak at all or speaks only to particular persons or in particular situations .
It may also be caused by obstruction of the lymphatic vessels ( see lymphoedema ) .
It may also be due to widespread dilation of the veins so that there is insufficient blood to fill them .
It may also be required for cardiac catheterization and angiocardiography .
It may also be required to remove an embolus ( see embolectomy ) .
It may also be used as a gargle for colds and sore throats .
It may also be used for Monckeberg 's degeneration , in which calcium is deposited in the arteries as part of the ageing process , and arteriolarslerosis , in which the walls of small arteries become thickened due to ageing or hypertension .
It may also cause muscle wasting and skin rashes .
It may also complicate many other diseases involving joints , such as rheumatoid arthritis ( secondary osteoarthritis ) .
It may also complicate various other conditions , including chest infections and thyroid overactivity .
It may also develop without any known cause ( primary pulmonary hypertension ) .
It may also indicate shock , anaemia , cancer , or other diseases .
It may also occur after injuries to the eye .
It may also occur as a complication of muscular paralysis due to poliomyelitis .
It may also occur in Crohn 's disease .
It may also prevent gangrene , with loss of a limb , in cases of a limb artery embolus .
It may also reflect functional impairment , which may be unsuspected by the individual and discovered by clinical observation or testing .
It may also result from kidney disease , including narrowing ( stenosis ) of the renal artery ( renal hypertension ) , endocrine diseases ( such as Cushing 's disease or phaeochromocytoma ) or disease of the arteries ( such as coarctation of the aorta ) , when it is known as secondary or symptomatic hypertension .
It may alternatively be caused by metabolic disease , such as porphyria .
It may amount to a handicapping neurosis and dominate a person 's life .
It may arise from the linings of blood or lymph vessels ( haemangioendothelioma and lymphagiodothelioma res - pectively ) ; from the linings of the pleural or peritoneal cavities ( see mesothelioma ) , or from the meninges ( see meningioma ) .
It may be a feature of a schizophrenic or manic illness or of cerebral syphilis .
It may be a hand instrument or one energized by rapid ultrasonic vibrations .
It may be a rigid metal tube or a flexible fibreoptic instrument ( see gastroscope ) .
It may be a sign of mental disorder ( see Munchhausen 's syndrome ) .
It may be a symptom of any form of loss of memory , but typically occurs in Korsakoffs syndrome .
It may be a symptom of catatonia or of latah .
It may be a symptom of language disorders , autism , catatonia , or Gilles de la Tourette syndrome .
It may be a symptom of schizophrenia , manic - depressive psychosis , or an organic psychosis .
It may be accompanied by a harelip and disturbance of tooth formation .
It may be accompanied by the appearance of acid or bitter fluid in the mouth and is usually caused by regurgitation of the stomach contents into the gullet or by oesophagitis .
It may be accompanied by varying degrees of swelling , pain , and discharge and is more often related to deciduous than to permanent teeth .
It may be accompanied or followed by grand mal .
It may be achieved by injections of substances such as lignocaine ( commonly used in dentistry ) close to a local nerve , which deadens the tissues supplied by that nerve .
It may be acute and transient or chronic , leading to increasing respiratory disability .
It may be an antibody or a bacterial toxin .
It may be associated with a purple birthmark on the face and this is called the Sturge - Weber syndrome .
It may be associated with other congenital defects and is often combined with situs invertus , in which the appendix and liver lie on the left side of the abdomen and the stomach lies on the right side .
It may be associated with other symptoms , such as physical and mental slowing , episodes of rage , and hallucinations .
It may be caused by a birth injury to the sternomastoid muscle ( see sternomastoid tumour ) .
It may be caused by a hernia in the groin , the presence of a stone in the lower ureter , or the presence of a varicocele .
It may be caused by a viral or bacterial infection or it may be part of an allergic response to a systemic viral illness or vaccination ( see encephalomyelitis ) .
It may be caused by Crohn 's disease , tuberculosis , or typhoid or it may occur in association with ulcerative colitis ( when it is known as backwash ileitis ) .
It may be caused by infection with the fungus Candida albicans or the bacterium Neisseria gonococcus or by ill - fitting underwear ( which causes the lips of the vulva to rub together ) .
It may be caused by intestinal infections , other forms of intestinal inflammation ( such as colitis or Crohn 's disease ) , malabsorption , anxiety , and the irritable bowel syndrome .
It may be caused by reduced activity of the heart , as in coronary thrombosis , myocardial infarction , or pulmonary embolism .
It may be caused by virus infection ( acute rhinitis ; see common cold ) or an allergic reaction ( allergic rhinitis ; see hay fever ) .
It may be congenital but can be acquired if the skin contracts at the outer corner of the eye as a result of chronic inflammation .
It may be congenital or it may result from infection ( especially whooping cough or measles in childhood ) or from obstruction , either by an inhaled foreign body or by a growth ( including cancer ) .
It may be due to a congenital abnormality of the lymphatic vessels or result from obstruction of the lymphatic vessels by a tumour , parasites , inflammation , or injury .
It may be due to a congenital defect , such as thyroid deficiency ( cretinism ) ; to infiltation of the tongue with amyloid or a tumour ; or to obstruction of the lymph vessels .
It may be due to a disorder of the third cranial nerve ( oculomotor nerve ) , in which case it is likely to be accompanied by paralysis of eye movements causing double vision and an enlarged pupil .
It may be due to a hereditary condition or it may occur as a consequence of repeated physical or chemical injury .
It may be due to disease of the sensory nerves or the cerebellum .
It may be due to disease or injury , or it can occur in old age .
It may be due to hysteria , anxiety , or sympathy .
It may be due to loss of blood ( haemorrhagic anaemia ) , resulting from an accident , operation , etc . , or from chronic bleedings , as from an ulcer or haemorrhoids .
It may be due to mysthenia gravis , in which the ptosis increases with fatigue and is part of a more widespread fatiguable weakness .
It may be due to physical or chemical agents ( abrasions , exposure to dust , vapours , ultraviolet light , etc . ) or result from infection .
It may be felt by abdominal examination , or may be seen by radiology as it displaces other organs .
It may be found between the two atria ( atrial septal defect ) or between the ventricles ( ventricular septal defect ) .
It may be given by injection as replacement therapy when the adrenal cortex secretes insufficient amounts of the hormone and also to treat shock .
It may be given by mouth , by infection , or in the form of a cream or ointment .
It may be given by mouth , injection , or inhalation .
It may be inflamed together with iris and ciliary body , but often is involved alone and in patches ( focal or mutilfocal choroiditis ) .
It may be inherited but can be caused by various conditions , including virus infections , alcoholism , beriberi ( vitamin B deficiency ) , and amyloidosis .
It may be isolated or combined with other heart defects ( e . g . tetralogy of Fallot ) .
It may be made of porcelain , gold , a combination of these , or less commonly other materials .
It may be manifested by illusions , disorientation , hallucinations , or extreme excitement and occurs in metabolic disorders , intoxication , deficiency diseases , and infections .
It may be mistaken for a perforated peptic ulcer but differs from this condition in that the level of the enzyme amylase in the blood is raised .
It may be more apparent in states of fatigue or anxiety .
It may be necessary to draw off blood from very severe bruises through a needle , to aid healing .
It may be part of a collagen disease or it may be due to an infection , such as syphilis .
It may be performed as part of the repair or correction of a prolapsed bladder .
It may be performed at the same time as cholecystectomy or if stones occur in the bile duct after cholecystectomy .
It may be possible for the patient to speak by occluding the opening with his fingers .
It may be present for some years before giving rise to symptoms , which include fever , loin pain , and blood in the urine .
It may be present from birth ( for example if the mother was affected with German measles during pregnancy ) .
It may be present in infancy or be acquired in adult life , usually either from prolonged standing or from excessive weight .
It may be prevented or relieved by such drugs as glyceryl trinitrate and propranolol .
It may be produced by carcinomas , particularly of the colon , and is a rather insensitive marker of malignancy .
It may be recorded in relation to a defined point in time or more usefully for a period , when the calculation is based on bed - days .
It may be secondary to disease within the eye or it may follow damage to the nerve itself resulting from injury inflammation .
It may be seen alone or as part of pancarditis ( see endomyocarditis ) .
It may be seen alone or combined with mitral incompetence .
It may be seen as an inherited condition associated with a bleeding tendency ( haemorrhagic telangiectasia ) .
It may be seen in cases of aortic stenosis .
It may be symptomless but often causes complications from arterial obstruction in middle and late life ( such as angina pectoris , heart attack , stroke , and gangrene ) .
It may be the patient 's own hair or animal hairs .
It may be the result of bacterial infection of a skin pore that has become obstructed with fatty secretions from the sebaceous glands .
It may be used in physiotherapy to warm tissues , reduce pain , and improve circulation , but is not as effective as diathermy for deep structures .
It may be used to displace the cerebrospinal fluid during X - ray examination of the ventricles of the brain .
It may become inflamed , mimicking appendicitis , if it contains embryonic remnants of stomach mucosa it may form a peptic ulcer , causing pain , bleeding , or perforation .
It may become secondarily infected , when it will be painful and may discharge .
It may cause allergic reactions and anaphylaxis .
It may cause blood disorders producing bleeding .
It may cause death of part of the organ supplied by the affected artery .
It may cause headache , stomach upsets , and dizziness .
It may cause palpitations and stimulate gastric secretion .
It may cause sensitivity of the skin to sunlight .
It may cause the lower lashes to turn upwards or inwards against the eye .
It may cause trouble by rupturing into the pleural space ( see pneumothorax ) , by adding to the air that does not contribute to gas exchange , and by compressing the surrounding lung and making it inefficient .
It may close spontaneously in childhood but often requires surgical closure .
It may develop from a lymphangioma ( cystic hygroma ) or from the liquified remains of a subdural haematoma ( subdural hygroma ) .
It may develop in a hospitalized patient without having been present or incubating at the time of admission , or it may be acquired in hospital but only appears after discharge .
It may follow fractures of the floor of the orbit that allow the eye to sink downwards and backwards .
It may grow to a considerable size and be filled with yellowish cheesy sebum , which sometimes becomes infected .
It may irritate the skin on application .
It may last for a few seconds or a few hours .
It may lead to abscess formation , which often requires surgical drainage .
It may lead to corneal damage from undue exposure .
It may obstruct the flow of cerebrospinal fluid , causing a hydrocephalus .
It may occur after hydatidiform mole , pregnancy , or abortion .
It may occur after strenous exercise or after a long period of standing ( orthostatic albuminuria ) .
It may occur as a congenital abnormality or be surgically created .
It may occur as an inherited defect , as the result of liver disease , vitamin K deficiency , or anticoagulant treatment .
It may occur as an inherited disorder , affecting the palms and soles .
It may occur as an inherited disorder in which either production of fibrinogen is impaired or the fibrinogen produced does not function in the normal way ( dysfibrinogenaemia ) .
It may occur in a variety of diseases , including chronic infections , cancers , and certain blood diseases and is likely to cause an increased tendency to form blood clots within vessels ( thrombosis ) .
It may occur in a variety of diseases , most notably in diabetes mellitus , due to insufficient insulin in the blood and excessive intake of carbohydrates .
It may occur in a variety of inherited disorders or as an acquired defects , as in certain lymphomas .
It may occur in any tissue containing epithelial cells .
It may occur in both heterosexual and homesexual people may be directly related to masturbatory or other sexual behaviour .
It may occur in the mouth and often causes symptomless white patches .
It may occur normally at all times , the quantity increasing before and after menstruation .
It may occur spontaneously , but is often secondary to an anal fissure , thrombosed haemorrhoids , or other disease of the anus .
It may originate in any part of the sympathetic nervous system , most commonly in the medulla of the adrenal gland , and secondary growths are often widespread in other organs and in bones .
It may originate in smooth muscle ( see leiomyoma ) or striated muscle ( see rhabdomyoma ) .
It may play a part in initiating the development of the gonads , but this is uncertain .
It may produce dizziness and weakness and its continued use may lead to an excessive concentration of potassium in the blood .
It may require treatment by cholecystectomy .
It may resolve or require surgical closure .
It may respond to anti - inflammatory drugs , such as aspirin , indomethacin , or corticosteroids .
It may result from a bacterial infection or occur as part of a rheumatic disease causing synovitis .
It may result from a variety of conditions , including polyarteritis nodosa , acute nephfitis , and serum sickness .
It may result from a variety of diseases , including diabetes mellitus , collagen diseases , infections , and cancer .
It may result from bacterial infection or from a rheumatic disease , such as Reiter 's syndrome or ankylosing spondylitis .
It may result from heart or kidney failure , cirrhosis of the liver , acute nephritis , the nephrotic syndrome , starvation , allergy , drugs ( e . g . phenylbutazone or cortisone derivatives ) .
It may result from infection or from the pressure of the fetal head in prolonged labour .
It may result from inflammation of the eyelids , which makes the lashes grow out in abnormal directions , or when scarring of the conjunctiva ( lining membrane ) turns the eyelid inwards .
It may result from malnutrition , impaired protein production ( as in liver disease ) , or increased loss of protein from the body ( as in the nephrotic syndrome ) .
It may result from previous rheumatic fever , or from calcification and scarring in a valve that has two cusps instead of the normal three , or it may be congenital .
It may result from the rupture of a cerebral abscess into the cavity of the ventricle or from the spread of a severe form of meningitis from the subarachnoid space .
It may result in enlargement of the heart , heart failure , arrhythmias , and embolism .
It may result in impaired growth of the bone and consequent deformity .
It may result in retardation of growth and deformity of the affected bone .
It may then be released and appear elsewhere .
It may used in the treatment of phlebothrombosis or pulmonary embolism .
It most often affects the hand muscles for writing ( writer 's cramp ) .
It most often occurs as acute puerperal mastitis , which develops during the period of breast - feeding , about a month after chirdbirth , and sometimes involves the discharge of pus .
It most often results from scarring of the mitral valve by rheumatic fever , but it can also develop as a complication of myocardial infarction or cardiomyopathies .
It must be distinguished from the hypotonic form of cerebral palsy , infantile motor neurone disease , and congenital myopathy , which are usually progressive .
It occasionally attacks and takes a blood meal from man , causing itching and mild dermatitis .
It occur in two forms : ergocalciferol ( vitamin D2 , calciferol ) , which is manufactured by plants when the sterol ergosterol is exposed to ultraviolet light , and cholecalciferol ( vitamin D3 ) , which is produced by the action of sunlight on 7 - dehydrocholesterol , a sterol widely distributed in the skin .
It occurs , for example , at the sutures between the bones of the skull .
It occurs after excessive fluid loss ( e . g . through diarrhoea , burns , or vomiting ) or following severe blood loss ( haemorrhage ) from any cause .
It occurs as a developmental defect and is not compatible with life for more than a few hours .
It occurs as discrete organs , in the form of the lymph nodes , tonsils , thymus , and spleen , and also as diffuse groups of cells not separated from surrounding tissue .
It occurs at the carpometacarpal joint of the thumb .
It occurs before the formation of sperm and ova and the normal ( diploid ) number of chromosomes is restored after fertilization .
It occurs clinically if the carbon dioxide level is abnormally high as a result of impaired gas exchange in the lungs , which occurs , for example , in pneumonia .
It occurs during the warmer months , does not last long , and is never fatal .
It occurs in a variety of disorders , including aplastic anaemias , hypersplenism , and tumours of the bone marrow .
It occurs in association with depersonalization or with the conditions that cause depersonalization .
It occurs in children , causing pain and limping , and is treated by strapping the foot .
It occurs in many cases of pericarditis ( hydropericarditis ) .
It occurs in many white blood cells and in certain kidney and liver cells .
It occurs in only a small minority of patients with psoriasis but may be affects small joints , such as the terminal joints of the fingers and toes , or the spine ( spondylitis ) and sacroiliac joints ( sacroiliitis ) .
It occurs in pairs , surrounded by a capsule ( see quellung reaction ) .
It occurs in parts of the Mediteranean and Iran .
It occurs in some stages of embryonic development .
It occurs in such conditions as cancer , pulmonary tuberculosis , and malaria .
It occurs in the epidermis of the skin and associated structures ( hair , nails , etc . ) , where the cells become flattened , lose their nuclei , and are filled with keratin as they approach the surface .
It occurs in the region of the neck of the womb when the circular muscle fibres fail to relax and it indicates presence of a constriction around the womb , which tends to prevent the infant from emerging into the cervical canal .
It occurs in the urine during pregnancy and certain phases of the menstrual cycle .
It occurs in those who have been reinfected with tuberculosis .
It occurs in very high numbers in the faeces of breast or bottle - fed infants .
It occurs in young children and was in the past associated with low - calcium rickets .
It occurs involuntarily and is characteristic of tubes that possess circular and longitudinal muscles , such as the intestines .
It occurs mainly in young people in spring and autumn and typically starts with a localized patch of spots that precedes the general eruption by about seven days .
It occurs most commonly in boys between the ages of 5 and 10 , and causes aching and a limp .
It occurs particularly in children with rickets .
It occurs principally in humid tropical regions .
It occurs usually on the face , neck , back , chest , and thighs .
It occurs when the appropriate inhibitory influences are prevented from reaching the aspiratory centre of the brain .
It occurs when the base of the bladder is irritated by a stone or an indwelling catheter .
It occurs when the liver is severely damaged ( as in cirrhosis ) or bypassed .
It occurs when the neck of the fetus is in an abnormal position in the womb , which interferes with the blood supply to the affected muscle , and it is most common after breech births .
It occurs when the sensitivity of the respiratory centres in the brain is impaired , particularly in states of coma .
It occurs when the three blocks of embryonic tissue that go to form the upper lip fail to fuse and it is often associated with a cleft palate .
It offers a nonprofessional , confidential , and ( if required ) anonymous service at all hours .
It often appears on the skin as a type of birthmark ( see naevus ) .
It often forms where healing injuries , burns , or surgical incisions are under tension ; for example , on the back or neck .
It often helps breathing if secrections are sucked out of the bronchial tree .
It often occurs about an hour after a meal ( particularly if fatty ) , may last several hours , and is usually steady in severity ( unlike other forms of colic ) .
It often occurs after vomiting blood ( see haematemesis ) and the causes are the same .
It often recurs locally despite excision .
It opens out from the anal canal , below the rectum , and is guarded by two sphincters .
It organizes a national census at ten - yearly intervals based n the actual presence of individuals in a house or institution on a designated night as distinct from their official address .
It originates in the neck , from spinal roots of the last cervical and first thoracic divisions , and runs down the inner side of the upper arm to behind the elbow .
It overhangs the glenoid fossa , into which the humerus fits to form the socket of the shoulder joint .
It partially revolves about the ulna , permitting pronation and supination of the hand .
It particularly affects the muscles of the shoulder and hip girdles , which are weak and tender to the touch .
It passes into the palm of the hand , where it unites with the arch of the radial artery and gives off branches to the hand and fingers .
It passes into the skull behind the eyeball to reach the optic chiasma , after which the visual pathway continues to the cortex of the occipital lobe of the brain on each side .
It plays an important part in chromosome movement in mitosis and meiosis and is also involved in division of the cytoplasm .
It plays an important role in the transfer of acetyl groups in the body .
It predisposes to pneumonia ( hypostatic pneumonia ) but may be prevented by careful nursing and physiotherapy .
It presents a smooth slippery surface , which does not inpede blood flow .
It primarily affects the cells of the anterior horn of the spinal cord , the motor nuclei in the brainstem , and the corticospinal fibres .
It probably assists in transporting nutrients to the early embryo and is one of the first sites where blood cells are formed .
It probably produces proteins regulating cell division that , under certain conditions , become uncontrolled .
It produces chills , fever , muscular pain , and a rash similar to that of chickenpox .
It produces electromagnetic radiation , which has been used in the treatment of certain cancers .
It produces generalized symptoms , including fever , diarrhoea , and vomiting .
It produces pain and tenderness and sometimes restricts movement at a nearby joint , for example , at the shoulder .
It produces pigmented wartlike lumps - mainly on the feet and legs - that sometimes ulcerate .
It produces several important alkaloids , chemically related to LSD , including ergotamine and ergometrine , which are used in medicine in the treatment of migraine and in childbirth .
It produces sleep within 30 minutes when given by mouth and its sedative effects lasts for about six hours .
It produces sore throat and is usually associated with tonsillitis .
It promotes the production of prothrombin , essential for the normal coagulation of blood .
It protects the underlying epidermis until it is fully formed .
It provides a permanent record of heart sounds and murmurs and is useful in their analysis .
It provides attachment for muscles and ligaments of the tongue and hyoid bone .
It reacts slowly to light and the response on convergence of the eyes is also slow .
It reacts with a substrate from the liver to produce angiotensin , which causes constriction of blood vessels and thus an increase in blood pressure .
It receives lymph from both legs , the lower abdomen , left thorax , left side of the head , and left arm and drains into the left innominate vein .
It receives many tributaries , including the splenic vein from the spleen and pancreas , the gastric vein from the stomach , the mesenteric vein from the small and large intestines , and the rectal vein from the rectum and anus .
It receives the erect penis during coitus : semen is ejaculated into the upper apart of the vagina and from there the sperms must pass through the cervix and womb in order to fertilize an ovum in the Fallopian tube .
It receives the impulse to contract from the sinoatrial node , via the atria , and transmits it through the atrioventricular bundle to the ventricles .
It reduces distortion in the image formed on the retina because in confines the light reaching the eye to one or more fine beams .
It reflects the extent to which an individual is disadvantaged by some partial or total disability when compared with those in a peer group who have no such disability .
It refracts the light entering the eye onto the lens , which then focuses it onto the retina .
It regulates the amount of blood sugar , converting excess glucose to glycogen .
It removes excess amino acids by breaking them down into ammonia and finally urea ; and it stores and metabolizes fats .
It represents an advanced stage of toxaemia of pregnancy and can be prevented by regular antenatal examinations .
It responds well to oral doses of quinacrine and metronidazole .
It responds well to treatment with penicillin and other antibiotics .
It results from the consumption of a diet devoid of fresh fruit and vegetables .
It results from the two inflamed layers of the pericardium rubbing together during activity of the heart .
It results in a cell with an abnormal number of chromosomes ( see monosomy , trisomy ) .
It results in a type of dwarfism characterized by short limbs , a normal sized head and body , and normal intelligence .
It results in an increased susceptibility to infections .
It results in attacks of acute gouty arthritis and chronic destruction of the joints and deposits of urates ( tophi ) in the skin and cartilage , especially of the ears .
It results in damage to various organs , including the heart and liver .
It results in deformities in the weight - bearing bones , which leads to dwarfism .
It results in swelling ( oedema ) , because of the accumulation of fluid in the tissues , and increased susceptibility to infections .
It results in weakness and wasting of the muscles of the hand .
It runs down behind the thigh from the lower end of the spine .
It runs from the jejunum to the ileocaecal valve .
It secretes the hormone progesterone , which prepares the womb for implantation .
It secretes the lubricating synovial fluid .
It separates into two layers - an outer somatic and an inner splanchnic mesoderm , separated by a cavity ( coelom ) that becomes the body cavity .
It serves both as an insulating layer and an energy store .
It serves to draw the hyoid bone backwards and upwards .
It serves to draw the tongue upwards and backwards .
It serves to rotate the neck and flex the head .
It should be distinguished from paraphasia , in which new meanings are attached to ordinary words .
It should not be used in patients with heart , kidney , or liver disease .
It should not be used in patients with impaired kidney function or lung disease .
It shows red fluorescence with ultraviolet light and responds to specific antileukaemic treatment .
It sometimes causes drowsiness , dizziness , and digestive upsets .
It sometimes causes skin sensitivity reactions .
It sometimes colours the urine pink or red .
It sometimes occurs in association with arthritis ( see psoriatic arthritis ) .
It stains deeply with basic dyes during cell division ( see meiosis , mitosis ) .
It starts to disappear after about 24 hours .
It steadily grows in size and its contents divide repeatedly to form sporozoites , which are released into the body cavity of the mosquito when the oocyst bursts .
It stimulates the secretion of relatively enzyme free alkaline juice by the pancreas ( see pancreatic juice ) and of bile by the liver .
It stops when the baby is no longer fed at the breast .
It stores and later transports the proteins manufactured in the endoplasmic reticulum .
It stresses the dynamic interplay of unconscious forces and the importance of sexual development in childhood for personality development .
It supplies sensory branches to the base of the thumb and a small area of the back of the hand .
It supplies sensory fibres to the eyeball , conjunctiva , and lacrimal gland , to a small region of the nasal mucous membrane , and to the skin of the nose , brows , and scalp .
It supplies the muscle layers and controls the movements of peristalsis .
It surrounds the growing fetus , protecting it from external pressure .
It synthesizes bile , which drains into the gall bladder before being released into the duodenum .
It takes up oxygen as blood passes through the lungs and releases it as blood passes through the tissues .
It tends to be louder and harsher than wheeze .
It tends to occur in an older age group than the teratomas .
It terminates at a ring of muscle - the pyloric sphincter - which contracts to close the opening by which the stomach communicates with the duodenum .
It then winds around the wrist and enters the palm of the hand , sending out branches to the fingers .
It therefore bulges when the overlying cornea has been destroyed .
It typically involves the joints of the fingers , wrists , feet , and ankles and often the hips and shoulders .
It typically starts in adolescence or young adulthood .
It usually affects the terminal part of the ileum .
It usually begins before the age of four , with selective weakness and wasting of the muscles of the pelvic girdle and back .
It usually builds up around a gallstone or a swallowed fruit stone .
It usually caused by an interaction of genetic and environmental factors , the nature of the psychological environment being of much importance .
It usually consists of a pad attached to a belt with straps or spring strips and it is worn under the clothing .
It usually contains special screens that fluoresce under the influence of X - rays and so intensify the image that is formed on the film .
It usually develops 10 - 20 days after a respiratory infection that provokes an allergic response in the peripheral nerves .
It usually disappears soon after menstruation begins .
It usually disappears within the first year of life .
It usually first appears in childhood and the symptoms are most severe when the stammerer under any psychological stress .
It usually forms part of a rash , such as appears with chickenpox .
It usually has a low toxicity but may cause deafness or thrombophlebitis .
It usually necessitates removal of the tooth .
It usually occurs as a consequence of phimosis and represents a more extensive local reaction than simple balanitis .
It usually occurs as a solitary tumour of bone , but may be multiple .
It usually occurs as part of an allergic reaction , such as angioneurotic oedema .
It usually occurs at the back of the thumb ( de Quervain 's tendovaginitis ) and results in pain on wringing the wrist .
It usually occurs only in people who are in generally poor health .
It usually occurs when the ducts are obstructed , especially by stones , or after operations on the bile ducts .
It usually possesses numerous branching processes ( dendrites ) that make possible extensive and complex circuits and pathways within the brain and spinal cord .
It usually produces no symptoms apart from occasional aching discomfort .
It usually resolves if the eyes are padded for 24 hours .
It usually responds to local steroid infections or physiotherapy .
It usually results from infection in the Fallopian tubes or womb , but can occasionally arise from severe infection in a diverticulum of the bladded itself .
It usually starts in childhood with small pale pimbles arising deep in the skin .
It varies in severity from month to month , relapses being treated by drugs , including corticosteroids and sulphasalazine ( as tablets , injections , or enemas ) , and bed rest .
It varies in severity from no more than marked of two or more fingers to virtually complete union of all the digits .
It was formely widely used to treat angina .
It was formerly administered by mouth to treat certain infection now treated with antibiotics .
It was formerly seen in newborn premature infants due to overadministration of oxygen .
It was formerly thought that antiperistalsis occurred in vomiting but modern physiological studies indicate that it never takes place in man .
It was formerly used in hormone pregnancy tests .
It was formerly very prevalent in overcrowded insanitary conditions ( as during wars and famines ) , with a mortality rate approaching 100 % .
It was formerly widely used as a narcotic analgesic , taken by mouth .
It was proposed as a cause of later schizophrenia in the children , but is more likely to be a nonspecific cause of psychological vulnerability .
It was proposed as a specific cause of schizophrenia in the children , but this has not been confirmed .
It was used in World War I as a poison gas in the trenches .
It was widely employed in ancient Hindu civilizations and has been practised ever since .
Itching , caused by local irritation of the skin or sometimes nervous disorders .
Its action lasts for a few hours but prolonged use may lead to dependence .
Its actions and side - effects are similar to those of chlorothiazide .
Its actions and uses are similar to those of aspirin , but it is said to be more stable and less liable to cause irritation and bleeding of the stomach .
Its actions and uses are similar to those of propranolol , but it is less likely to affect respiratory function .
Its acts as a deterrent by producing unpleasant effects when taken with alcohol , including flushing , breaking difficulties , headache , palpitation , nausea , and vomiting .
Its acute form ( acute ileitis ) may mimic appendicitis .
Its bite causes various allergic symptoms , including rash ( see also urticaria ) , nausea , and palpitations .
Its cavity is normally filled with mucus , the viscosity of which changes throughout the menstrual cycle .
Its cavity is small and becomes reduced further in size during fetal development ( see urachus ) .
Its control is a medical emergency , since prolonged status epilepticus causes a serious imbalance of the salts ( electrolytes ) in the body , which may lead to the patient 's death .
Its Disablement Resettlement Service relies on spituations .
Its duct - the mesonephric ( or Wolffian ) duct - persists in males as the epididymis and vas deferens , which conduct sperm from the testis .
Its effects and uses are similar to those of tolazoline .
Its exact mode of action is unknown but it is thought to interfere with implantation of the embryo .
Its excretory function only lasts for a very brief period before it degenerates .
Its features include a firm swelling of the thyroid and partial or total failure of secretion of thyroid hormones ; often there are autoantibodies to other organs , such as the stomach .
Its function is the dissolution of blood clots ( see fibrinolysis ) .
Its function is the ingestion of foreign particles , such as bacteria and tissue debris .
Its function is to allow the production and storage of spermatozoa to occur at a lower temperature than that of the abdomen .
Its function is to continue the process of digestion that begins in the mouth .
Its function is to protect the delicate skin that lines the inside of the meatus .
Its functions are apparently concerned with mood , feeling , instinct , and possibly memory for recent events .
Its incidence increases when the level of fluoride in the water supply is above 2 parts per million .
Its increase suggests consolidation of the underlying lung .
Its initially wide commmunication with the future gut is later reduced to a narrow duct passing through the umbilicus .
Its is concerned more with the nutrition of the cell than with propagation of nerve impulses .
Its is used with other indices ( such as discharge rate ) to assess the demands for hospital beds in relation to diseases , specialties , or populations and hence to gauge an appropriate balance between health needs and residential ( hospital ) resources .
Its larvae , which are passed out in the stools , develop quickly into infective forms .
Its larval stage ( see cyticercus ) develops within the muscles of castle and other ruminants , and man becomes infected on eating raw or undercooked beef .
Its larval stage may develop not only in pigs but also in man , in whom it may cause serious disease ( see cysticercosis ) .
Its main digestive constituents are hydrochloric acid , mucin , rennin , and pepsinogen .
Its main uses are in the investigation of the extent and spread of cancer of the lymphatic system and in the investigation of lymphoedema .
Its manifestations include breathlessness , atrial fibrillation , embolism , enlargement of the left ventricle , and a systolic murmur .
Its members comprise some 90 psychiatrists , nurses , lawyers , members of other clinical professions , and lay people .
Its mouthparts are formed into a long proboscis for piercing the skin and sucking blood .
Its nerves are distributed to the blood vessels , sweat glands , salivary glands , heart , lungs , intestines and other abdominal organs , and the genitals , whose functions it governs by reflex action , in balance with the parasympathetic nervous system .
Its normal contents are glucose , salts , enzymes , and a few white cells , but no red blood cells .
Its outer ( mesodermal ) layer carries blood vessels to the placenta and so forms part of the umbilical cord .
Its phosphate , creatine phosphate ( phosphocreatine , phosphagen ) , acts as a store of high - energy phosphate in muscle and serves to maintain adequate amounts of ATP ( the source of energy for muscular contraction ) .
Its primary function is to provide the embryo with nourishment , eliminate its wastes , and exchange respiratory gases .
Its principal constituents are water , mucus , buffers , and enzymes ( e . g . amylase ) .
Its principal constituents in solution are sodium chloride and urea .
Its production is stimulated by hormones secreted by the duodenum , which in turn is stimulated by contact with food from the stomach .
Its progress through the heart is followed by a rapid series of X - ray films or by the use of cine film ( cineangiocardiography ) .
Its rapid enlargement destroys normal brain cells , with a progressive loss of function , and raises the intracranial pressure , causing headache , vomiting , and drowsiness .
Its removal often requires a surgical operation .
Its secretion is stimulated by the presence of food .
Its severity is sometimes graded according to the presence or absence of withdrawal responses to painful stimuli and pupillary and corneal reflexes .
Its sole advantage is speed of performance , but modern developments in surgery and anaesthesia leave little place for it today .
Its symptoms include hallucinations of smell , taste , sight , and hearing , paroxysmal disorders of memory , and automatism .
Its toxicity has caused a decline in the use of its compounds in medicine during this century , but mercurial compounds in the form of ointments were formerly used in the treatment of syphilis .
Its tributary , the anterior jugular , runs down the front of the neck .
Its uptake by the body is facilitated by vitamin D ; a deficiency of this vitamin may therefore result in such conditions as rickets , osteoporosis , and osteomalacia .
Its use has largely been superseded by electromyography , the direct recording of electrical activity in the muscles .
Its use in medicinal products was limited by law in 1973 because of the toxic effects it might produce when absorbed into the body .
Its wall consists largely of cardiac muscle , lined and surrounded by membranes ( see endocardium , pericardium ) .
Its wall contains various glands ( including Brunner 's glands ) that secrete succus entericus .
J - stents or double J - stents are those with a " pig - tail " curve on one or both ends of the splint to prevent extrusion .
Jaundice is classified into three types .
Jejunal diverticula affect the small intestine , are often multiple , and may give rise to abdominal discomfort and malabsorption due to growth of bacteria within them .
Jerking movements sometimes occur in normal people when tired , on exaggerated movement of the eyes .
Jerky involuntary movement particularly affecting the shoulders , hips , and face .
Joint pain and swelling , resembling gout , caused by crystals of calcium pyrophosphate in the synovial membrane and fluid .
Joint pain and swelling caused by bleeding into a joint .
Judgment is impaired , and therefore the sufferer may damage his own interests .
Juvenile warts occur profusely on the hands and face of children ; common warts are larger , with a rougher surface , and occur on the hands .
K . pneumoniae is associated with pneumonia and other respiratory infections .
Kallidin is a powerful vasodilator and causes contraction of smooth muscle .
Kaolin is also used in dusting powders and poultices .
Keratitis not due to infection usually responds to keeping the eyes covered until the corneal surface has healed .
Keratoacanthomas occur on the nose , face , hands and fingers and sometimes on the scalp or neck .
Ketone bodies are normal products of fat metabodism and can be oxidized to produce energy .
Ketone bodies may be detected by adding a few drops of 5 % sodium nitroprusside solution and a solution of ammonia to the urine .
Kidney and ear damage may occur at high doses .
Kinins are not normally present in the blood , but are formed under certain conditions ; for example when tissue is damaged or when there are changes in the pH and temperature of the blood .
Kneading : a form of massage in which the skin is lifted up , pressed down and squeezed , and pinched and rolled .
Knobbed ; having nodules or rounded swellings .
Known teratogens include such drugs as thalidomide and alcohol ; such infections as German measles and cytomegalovirus ; and irradiation with X - rays and other ionizing radiarion .
Kuru affects mainly women and children and usually proves fatal within 9 - 12 months .
Kwashiorkor develops when , after prolonged breast feeding , the child is weaned onto an inadequate traditional family diet .
Kwashiorlor is most common in children between the ages of one and three years .
Labour and childbirth of exceptionally short duration .
Labour can often be reduced by giving the pregnant woman a warm bath followed by an enema .
Labour generally follows naturally , but in some cases it must be started artificially by additional measures .
Labour pains can be lessened by previous training of the use of drugs .
Lack of all light perception constitutes total blindness but there are degrees of visual impairment far less severe than this that maybe classed as blindness for administrative or statutory purposes .
Lack of any of these factors in the blood results in the an ability of the blood to clot .
Lack of balance in the diet or in the amount of insulin taken leads to hypoglycaemia .
Lack of growth hormone in children causes dwarfism .
Lack of of sufficient quantities of any of the vitamins in the diet results in specific vitamin deficiency diseases .
Lack of response to a specific antigen or allergen .
Lack of sexual desire or inability to reach the climax of sexual excitement .
Lack of these hormone gives rise to cretinism in infants and myxoedema in adults .
Lack of this hormone gives rise to diabetes mellitus , in which large amounts of sugar are present in the blood and urine .
Lacking blood vessels or having a poor blood supply .
Lacking teeth , usually applied to people who have lost their teeth .
Lactation is controlled by hormones ( see prolactin , oxytocin ) .
Lactic acid ( owing to its low pH ) is an important food preservative .
Lactose is split into its constituent sugars by the enzyme lactase , which is secreted in the small intestine .
Lacking is an important preliminary step in the analysis of haemoglobin or enzymes present in red cells .
Laparoscopy is often used for examining the ovaries and Fallopian tubes as well as for performing one method of sterilization .
Large amounts are excreted in the urine , and this is used as the basis for most pregnancy tests .
Large amounts of linoleic acid occur in maize ( corn ) oil and soya bean oil , smaller amounts in pork fat .
Large clots may be removed surgically in the operation of thrombectomy to relieve leg swelling .
Large defects are closed surgically but small defects do not require treatment .
Large does of coronary vasodilarors cause such side - effects as flushing of the face , severe headache , and fainting .
Large doses cause paralysis of the autonomic ganglia .
Large doses may cause nausea , vomiting , and diarrhoea .
Large doses of thiamin are given as treatment .
Large doses sometimes cause giddiness , headache , nausea , and vomiting .
Large doses taken by mouth may cause digestive upsets .
Large hospitals have clinics at which out - patients with various complaints can be given specialist treatment .
Large isolated arteriovenous aneurysms may be closed surgically .
Large numbers of sinusoids occur in the liver .
Large numbers of the parasite may interfere with the absorption of food through the gull wall .
Large pulmonary emboli result in acute heart failure or sudden death .
Large quantities of carboxyhaemoglobin are formed in carbon monoxide poisoning , and low levels are always present in the blood of smokers and city dwellers .
Large villi , known as arachnoid granulations ( or Pacchionian bodies ) , are found in the region of the superior sagittal sinus .
Larger terpenes include vitamin A , squalene , and the carotenoids .
Larvae , present in soil contaminated with human faeces , penetrate the skin of a human host and may produce an itching rash .
Larvae , released by females in the intestine , penetrate the intestinal wall and cause diarrhoea and nausea .
Larvae can also lodge in the retina of the eye where they cause inflammation and granuloma .
Larvae can be removed with forceps following anaesthesia .
Larvae hatch out in the intestine and then undergo a complicated migration , via the hepatic portal vein , liver , heart , lungs , windpipe , and pharynx , before returning to the intestine where they later develop into adult worms ( see also ascariasis ) .
Larval forms in the blood are killed with diethylcarbamazine .
Lastly , food moves down the oesophagus by peristalsis and gravity .
Late in pregnancy it becomes almost entirely obliterated by the growth of the amnion , which fuses with the chorion .
Later , a soft grey membrane forms across the throat , constricting the air passages and causing difficulty in breathing and swallowing .
Later a large blister forms on the skin , usually on the legs or arms , which eventually bursts and may ulcerate and become infected .
Later complications include arthritis , inflammation of the heart valves ( endocarditis ) , and infection of the eyes , causing conjunctivitis .
Lateral deviation of back backbone , caused by congenital or acquired abnormalities of the vertebrae , muscles , and nerves .
Latin : describing biological phenomena that are made to occur outside the living body ( traditionally in a test - tube ) .
Latin : describing biological phenomena that occur or are observed occurring within the bodies of living organisms .
Lattice - like , applied to the bony tissue laid down by osteoblasts during development of bone and in the consolidation stage of fracture repair .
Laughter or any strong emotion can provoke an attack .
LE is regarded as an autoimmune disease and can be diagnosed by the presence of abnormal antibodies in the bloodstream , most easily detected by a test that reveals characteristic white blood cells ( LE cells ) .
Learning is impaired as a result , and behavior is disruptive and may be defiant or aggressive .
Leeches occur in tropical forests and grasslands and in water .
Leeches were formerly used in bloodletting .
Left or right bundle branch blocks , affecting the respective ventricles , may be seen .
Legislation enacted in 1946 was implemented in 1948 and the services were subjected to substantial reorganization in 1974 and again in 1982 .
Leishmaniasis is treated with drugs containing antimony .
Lenses in which the power ( see dioptre ) of the lower part gradually increases towards the lower edge .
Lenses in which there are three segments .
Lenses specially designed for use in the eyepieces of microscopes and other scientific instruments .
Lepromatous leprosy is a contagious steadily progressive form of the disease characterized by the development of widely distributed lumps on the skin , thickening of the skin and nerves , and in serious cases by severe numbness of the skin , muscle weakness , and paralysis leading to disfigurement and deformity .
Leprosy can be controlled , but not cured , by prolonged treatment with sulphone drugs .
Leptocytes are seen in certain types of anaemia .
Less frequently it affects soft tissues , usually the upper air passages .
Less than 60 million is usually accompanied by sterility .
Less than normally responsive to the presence of antigenic material .
Lesser degrees of fixed kyphosis may be balanced by lordosis ( inward curvature ) in another part of the spine .
Lethal genes are usually recessive , an individual will die only if both his parents carry the gene .
Leukaemia are classified into acute or chronic varieties depending on the rate of progression of the disease .
Leukaemias are treated with radiotherapy or cytotoxic drugs , which are aimed at suppressing the reproduction of the abnormal cells .
Leukoplakia of the vulva is known to be a precancerous condition .
Lice attach themselves to hair and clothing using their well developed legs and claws .
Lice thrive in overcrowded and unhygienic conditions and they may transmit disease .
Life is impossible unless there is an additional abnormality , such as a septal defect , that ermits the mixing of blood between the pulmonary and systemic ( aortic ) circulations .
Light enters the eye through the cornea , which refracts it through the aqueous humour onto the lens .
Light enters through a central opening , the pupil .
Light is scattered or reflected from the particles , which can be seen through the eyepiece as bright objects against a dark background .
Light of an appropriate wavelength is shone into the eye , causing the dye in the retinal blood vessels to fluoresce .
Light or optical microscopes use light as a radiation source for viewing the specimen and combinations of lenses to magnify the image , usually an objective and an eyepiece .
Lightening occurs when the head of the fetus turns down towards the vagina .
Lignocaine is also injected to treat conditions involving abnormal heart rhythm , particularly myocardial infarction .
Like , derived from , or relating to bone marrow .
Like hypnagogic imagery , the experiences may be very vivid .
Like morphine it is a powerful narcotic analgesic whose continued use leads to dependence .
Like seminoma , it frequently occurs as a painless swelling of one testis ( pain is not a good indication that the swelling is being ) .
Like several other organic phosphorus compounds , it attacks the enzyme cholinesterase and causes excessive stimulation of the parasympathetic nervous system .
Like stretch receptors in muscle , tendon organs are part of the proprioceptor system .
Like the cerebrum , it has an outer grey cortex and a core of white matter .
Like the penis it becomes erect under conditions of sexual stimulation , to which it is very sensitive .
Limitations depend on the severity and frequency distribution of the disease and the efficiency and availability of treatment .
Limping . Intermittent claudication is a cramping pain , induced by exercise and relieved by rest , that is caused by an inadequate supply of blood to the affected muscles .
Liniments often contains camphor and alcohol .
Lipids are important dietary constituents , not only because of their high energy value but also because certain vitamins and essential fatty acids are associated with them .
Lipoic acid functions in carbohydrate metabolism as one of the coenzymes in the oxidative decarboxylation of pyruvate and other keto acids .
Lipopolysaccharides are constituents of the cell walls of Gram - negative bacteria and are important in determining the antigenic properties of these bacteria .
Lipoproteins are important for the transport of lipids in the blood and lymph .
Liposomes can be incorporated into living cells and are used to transport relatively toxic drugs into diseased cells , where they can exert their maximum effects .
Liquid paraffin is a mineral oil , which has been used as a laxative .
Literally , an infolded tooth , a specific type of tooth malformation that mainly affects upper lateral incisors to varying degrees .
Lithium can also be taken to prevent relapses .
Lithium can prevent or reduce the frequency and severity if attacks , and the sufferer is usually well in the intervals between them .
Live tissue transferred from the body ( or any organism ) to a suitable artificial medium for culture .
Liver abscess is a possible complication , and recurrent episodes of cholangitis lead to secondary biliary cirrhosis .
Liver fluke metacercariae are enveloped by thin cysts and develop on various kinds of vegetation .
Lobar pneumonia affects whole lobes of either or both lungs and is caused by certain strains of Streptococcus pneumoniae .
Local : used for the route of administration of a drug that is applied directly to the part being treated ( e . g . to the skin or eye ) .
Local anaesthesia abolishes pain in a limited area of the body and it is used for minor operations , particularly many dental procedures .
Local anaesthesia may be combined with intravenous sedation .
Local anaesthetics inhibit conduction of impulses in sensory nerves in the region where they are injected or applied .
Local discomfort or irritation of the skin , prompting the sufferer to scratch or rub affected area .
Local or general anaesthesia ( usually the latter ) brought about by passing an electric current through the tissues .
Local treatment is with hexachlorophane or benzyl benzoate creams , which kill the mites .
Localized disease may be treated with radiotherapy followed by drugs .
Lodectomy of the lung may be performed for cancer or other disease of the lung .
Loiasis with diethylcarbamazine , which kills both the adults and larval forms .
Long - term complications of diabetes include thickening of the arteries , which can affect the eyes ( diabetic retinopathy ) .
Long - term exposure may also cause kidney damage .
Long - term surveillance as an adjunct or supplement to formal medical treatment of those who are chronically sick or handicapped .
Long - term treatment may cause depression of the bone marrow function .
Long - term urine drainage by nephrostomy may be complicated by the attendant problems of infection and obstruction of the catheter by debris .
Loose connective tissue consisting of a meshwork of collagen , elastic tissue , and reticular fibres interspersed with numerous connective tissue cells .
Loosely , the upper jaw , which bears the upper teeth .
Loosening of the outer layer of the skin ( epidermis ) , with the development of large blisters , occurring either spontaneously or after injury .
Loss and frustration also cause depression , which may be prolonged and disproportionate in depressive neurosis .
Loss of appetite , nausea , and vomiting are common side - effects .
Loss of bony tissue , resulting in bones that are brittle and liable to fracture .
Loss of colour appreciation in one half of the visual field .
Loss of consciousness induced by a temporarily insufficient flow of blood to the brain .
Loss of feeling or sensation in a part or all of the body .
Loss of hair caused by a person persistently and neurotically rubbing or pulling it .
Loss of layers of epithelial cells from the skin or the lining of the intestine .
Loss of one or more toes due to slow growth of a fibrous band around the toe that eventually causes a spontaneous amputation .
Loss of pigment in the hair , which causes graying or whitening .
Loss of sensation , wasting , and vascular symptoms may be found in the affected arm .
Loss of sensation in part of the body as a result of injury or disease to the spinal cord .
Loss of sexual function , loss of weight , and other features of failure of the pituitary gland ( hypopituitarism ) occurring in women after childbirth complitaced by bleeding ( postpartum haemorrhage ) .
Loss of substance through physiological or pathological means .
Loss of the intellectual faculties , beginning for the first time in old age .
Loss of the normal position of the vagina may be caused by the action of gravity if the supporting tissues are weak .
Loss of this is a sign of ankylosing spondylitis .
Loss of water from the body in the urine is thus restricted until the blood concentration returns to normal .
Loss or deficiency of water in body tissues .
Loss or removal of calcium salts from a bone or tooth .
Lotions usually have a cooling , soothing , or antiseptic action .
Low - pitched breathing sounds associated with bronchospasm , such as occur in asthma and byssinosis .
Low backache , of any cause or description .
Low notes cause vibration in the region nearest the tip of the spiral .
Lower doses , which may still prove fatal , cause immediate symptoms of nausea , vomiting , and diarrhoea followed after a week or more by bleeding and other symptoms of damage to the bone marrow , loss of hair , and bloody diarrhoea .
Lowering the temperature of a part of the body to reduce the metabolic activity of its tissues or to provide a local anaesthetic effect .
Lozenges should dissolve slowly in the mouth so that the medication is applied to the mouth and throat .
Lubb ( the first heart sound ) coincides with closure of the mitral and tricuspid valves .
Lying on the back or with the face upwards .
Lymph drains into the capillaries and passes into the lymphatic vessels , which have valves to prevent backflow of lymph .
Lymph passes through a series of filters ( lymph nodes ) and is ultimately returned to the bloodstream via the thopracic duct .
Lymphocytes with scanty cytoplasm are small lymphocytes , those with abundant cytoplasm are large lymphocytes .
Lymphocytosis may occur in a wide variety of diseases , including chronic lymphocytic leukaemia and infections due to viruses .
Lymphography can indicate the presence of tumours in the lymphatic system .
Lysosomes are especially abundant in liver and kidney cells .
Macrocytosis is a feature of certain anaemias ( macrocytic anaemias ) , including those due to deficiency of vitamin B12 or folic acid , and also of anaemias in which there is an increase in the rate of red cell production .
Macrogametocytes are found in the blood of man but must be ingested by a mosquito before developing into macrogametes .
Macrogenitosoma praecox is a variant occurring in early childhood .
Macrolycytes are seen in vitamin B12 or folic acid deficiency .
Macronormoblasts are unusually large but have normal nuclei ( compare megaloblast ) .
Maculae occur in the saccule and utricle of the inner ear ( see illustration ) .
Maggots are normally found in carrion or excrement but occasionally females will deposit their eggs in wounds or ulcers giving off a foul - smelling discharge .
Magnesium is necessary for the proper functioning of muscle and nervous tissue .
Major embolism is treated by embolectomy or streptokinase to remove or dissolve the embolus .
Major pulmonary embolism is treated by embolectomy or by dissolution of the blood clot with an infusion of streptokinase .
Major tranquillizers , such as the phenothiazines ( e . g . chlorpromazine , and trifluoperazines ) , and haloperidol , are used to treat severe mental disorders ( psychoses ) , including schizophrenia and mania .
Mal - union is a common complication , resulting in deformity .
Male infertility may be due to spermatozoa in the ejaculate being defective either in motility ( necrospermia ) or in numbers ( see oligospermia ) or to a total absence of sperm ( see azoospermia ) .
Malignant synoviomas ( synovial sarcomas ) may occur where synovial tissue is not normally found , e . g . in the oesophagus .
Malignant teratoma of the testis is found in young men : it is most common in the undescended testis .
Malignant tumours grow rapidly , spreading through the otherwise normal brain tissue and causing progressive neurological disability .
Malpresentation is likely to make birth difficult and may necessitate delivery by Caesarean section .
Malt is used for brewing and distilling .
Maltose is formed from the digestion of starch and glycogen and is found in germinating cereal seeds .
Mammals ( including man ) and birds are homoiothermic .
Man , who is not the normal host , becomes infected on swallowing eggs of Toxocara present on hands or in food and drink contaminated with the faeces of infected domestic pets .
Man acquires the infection by eating food contaminated with the worms ' eggs .
Man acquires the infection through eating wild water - cress on which the larval stages of the parasite are present .
Man becomes infected by eating food contaminated with cysts containing the parasite .
Man becomes infected on consumption of water or uncooked vegetables contaminated with the parasite 's eggs .
Man becomes infected on eating raw or salted fish that contains the larval stage of the fluke .
Man becomes infected on ingesting tape worm eggs in contaminated food or drink .
Man becomes infected with the adult worms following ingestion of raw or undercooked meat containing the larval stage of the parasite .
Man becomes infected with the fluke on eating uncooked water chestnuts contaminated with fluke larvae and the resulting symptoms can be serious ( see fasciolopsiasis ) .
Man contacts trichinosis after eating imperfectly cooked meat infected with the parasite 's larval cysts .
Man is the primary host for some tapeworms ( see Taenia , Hymenolepis ) .
Man is the principal and optimum host for A . duodenale .
Man occasionally becomes infected on swallowing stored cereals contaminated with insect pets the intermediated hosts for this parasite .
Man usually become infected by ingesting food or drink contaminated with cysts from the faeces of a pig .
Management of cerebral palsy is aimed at improving movement ( by physiotherapy and other means ) , combined with prevention or surgical amelioration of fixed deformities due to muscle imbalance and the judicious use of appliances or locomotor aids .
Mandelic acid is administered by mouth .
Manic - depressive psychosis causes severe depression , in which there may be delusions of being worthless , ill , wicked , or impoverished and hallucinations of accusing voices .
Manipulation of the soft tissues of the body with the hands .
Manual replacement of the foreskin can usually be achieved under local or general anaesthesia , but circumcision is required to prevent a recurrence .
Many alkaloids are important drugs , including morphine , quinine , atropine , and codeine .
Many antihistamines , e . g . cyclizine and promethazine , also have strong antiemetic activity and are used to prevent motion sickness .
Many arthropods are of medical importance , including the mites , ticks , and insects .
Many belong to a professional body known as the Health Visitors Association but membership is not obligatory .
Many centres also give postoperative drug therapy in an attempt to kill any residual microscopic tumour that might have already spread .
Many chemicals known to produce cancer in laboratory animals have yet to be proved to do so in man .
Many defense mechanisms have been described , including repression , projection , and reaction formation .
Many disorders , e . g . spinal bifida and anencephaly , are thought to be multifactorial .
Many fistulas are due to infection or injury .
Many forms of cancer are destroyed by radiation , the chief problem being the risk of damage to normal tissues .
Many merozoites are formed during the asexual division of the schizont ( see schizogony ) .
Many models incorporate a beam splitter and a second set of eyepieces , to enable the surgeon 's assistant to view the operation .
Many of these conditions are associated with changes in the clotting factors in the blood that increase the tendency to thrombosis .
Many of these featuses are present at birth , enabling an easy diagnosis .
Many parasitis bacteria do not harm their hosts .
Many pathogenic species are haemolytic , i . e . they have the ability to destroy red blood cells in blood agar .
Many patients can be cured ; in the early stages of the disease this may be in the order of 85 % or more .
Many people become infected but show no symptoms .
Many preparations of iron are used to treat iron - deficiency anaemia .
Many species are poisonous , especially the death cap and panther cap ( see Amanita ) .
Many species cause disease in man , domestic animals , birds , and plants .
Many species cause disease in man and animals and produce extremely potent exotoxins .
Many such individuals suffer from autism .
Many sulphonamides are rapidly excreted and very soluble in the urine and are used to treat infections of the urinary tract .
Many vaccines are produced by culturing bacteria or viruses under conditions that lead to a loss of their virulence but not of their antigenic nature .
MAO inhibitors include iproniazid , isocarboxacid , phenelzine , and tranylcypromine .
Marked elation of mood is a characteristic of mania or hypomania .
Marked overgrowth of one jaw relative to the growth of the other .
Massage is used to improve circulation , reduce oedema where present , prevent adhesions in tissues after injury , reduce muscular spasm , and improve the tone of muscles .
Massive swelling of the legs , trunk , and genitalia due to retention of fluid ( oedema ) , found in congestive heart failure and some forms of renal failure .
Material , such as a blood clot , fat , air , amniotic fluid , or a foreign body , that is carried by the blood from one point in the circulation to lodge at another point ( see embolism ) .
Material applied to a wound or diseases part of the body , with or without medication , to give protection and assist healing .
Maternal dystocia may result if the pelvis is abnormally small , the womb muscles fail to contract , or the neck of the womb fails to expand .
Maternal rejection of an infant may cause marasmus through undereating .
Mature proglottides , full of eggs , are released from the free end of the worm and pass out in the host 's stools .
Mature segments , situated at the posterior end of the worm , each consist mainly of a branched uterus packed with eggs .
Maximum contact between the teeth is known as centric occlusion .
May possess an outer slimy caspule , and some have the ability to produce an encysted or resting form ( endospore ) .
Measument of the pressure within the eyeball in such a way as to allow a record to be made on a chart of variations in pressure occurring over periods of several minutes at a time .
Measurement of SGOT may be used in the diagnosis of acute myocardial infarction and acute liver disease .
Measurement of the blood pressure in the vessels of the retina of the eye .
Measurements are best taken during a period of least activity , i . e during sleep and 12 - 18 hours after a meal , under controlled temperature conditions .
Measurements of all other physical quantities are expressed in derived units , consisting of two or more base units .
Mechanical obstruction of the ileum may be caused by a gallstone entering the bowel through a fistula or widened bile duct ( gallstone ileus ) ; thickened meconium in newborn babies with cystic fibrosis ( meconium ileus ) ; or intestinal worms , usually the threadworm Enterobius vermicularis ( verminous ileus ) .
Medial , relating to or situated in the median line or plane .
Medically , death used to be defined as permanent cessation of the heart beat .
Medically important mites include the many species causing dermatitis ( e . g . Dermatophagoides ) and the harvest mite ( see Trombicula ) , which transmits scrub typhus .
Medicated dressings are applied to wounds to prevent infection and allow normal healing .
Megaloblast are usually large and their nuclei fail to mature in the normal way .
Meiosis also produces genetic variation in the daughter cells , brought about by the process of crossing over .
Meiosis consists of two successive divisions , each divided into four stages ( see prophase , metaphase , anaphase , telophase ) .
Mekel 's diverticulum occurs in the ileum , about 35cm from its termination , as a congenital abnormality .
Melaena is not apparent unless at least 500ml of blood has entered the gut .
Melanin is contained within special cells ( chromatophores ) .
Members are expected to admit to their drink problems , discuss these openly and frankly at the regular meetings of the group , and also to take part in efficient family support schemes to help those members who have lapses .
Members of a CHC may pay site visits to hospitals or other health service property but not to the private premises of general practitioners .
Members of the FPC are appointed by the District Health Authority , local authority , local medical committee , local dental committee , local pharmaceutical committee and local optical committee .
Members of the same species are able to interbreed and produce fertile offspring .
Memory , particularly the recollection by patient of the symptoms that he noticed at the time when his disease was first contracted .
Men are affected more often than women , commonly between the ages of 50 and 70 .
Men have one X chromosome and one Y chromosome .
Meningitis causes an intense headache , fever , loss of appetite , intolerance to light and sound , rigidity of muscles , especially those in the neck ( see also Kernig 's sign ) , and in severe cases convulsions , vomiting , and delirium leading to death .
Meningococci are found within pus cells infected cerebrospinal fluid and blood or in the nasal passages of carriers .
Menorrhagia may be associated with high blood pressure , hormonal disturbances , inflammation or tumours ( e . g . fibroids ) in the pelvic cavity disease , and many other conditions .
Menstruation at shorter intervals than is normal .
Menstruation is that stage of the menstrual cycle during which the womb lining , which is thickened in readiness to receive a fertilized egg cell ( ovum ) , is cast off if fertilization does not occur within a limited period of time .
Menstruation may decrease gradually in successive periods or the intervals between periods may lengthen .
Mental and physical sluggishness : a degree of inactivity and unresponsiveness approaching or verging on the unconscious .
Mental changes and damage to liver , kidneys , and bone marrow may also occur .
Mental confusion or delirium occurring in combination with paralysis of the eye muscles , nystagmus , and an unsteady gait .
Mental illness is less common than in those who develop normally .
Mental illness should be distinguished from subnormality , in which an individual has a general failure of development of the normal intellectual capacities .
Mental or physical tiredness , following prolonged or intense activity .
Mental subnormality is essentially an administrative concept , describing the state of those whose intellectual powers have failed to develop to such an extent that they are in need of care and protection .
Mesosomes are associated with the DNA and play a part in cell division .
Messages from exteroceptors are interpreted as specific sensations - smell , taste , temperature . pain , etc . - in the conscious mind .
Messages from interoceptors , however , rarely reach the consciousness to produce sensation .
Metabolic activity is reduced in damaged brain tissues and radioactive missions from these areas is absent or reduced considerably if scanned by tomography equipment designed to detect radiation .
Metabolic errors and other diseases , such as spina bifida , can also be diagnosed prenatally from the biochemistry of the cells or that of the fluid ( see alpha - fetoprotein ) .
Metabolism involves the breakdown of complex organic constituents of the body with the liberation of energy , which is required for other processes ( see catabolism ) and the building up of complex substances , which form the material of the tissues and organs , from simple ones ( see anabolism ) .
Metabolites are either produced during metabolism or are constituents of food taken into the body .
Metallic mercury is absorbed through the skin and alimentary canal , and its vapour is taken in through the lungs .
Metebolic disturbance due to administration of too much insulin .
Methaemoglobin cannot bind molecular oxygen and therefore cannot transport oxygen round the body .
Methionine is the principal methyl donor in the body and the methyl group may subsequently be involved in the synthesis of such compounds as choline or creatinine or in detoxification processes .
Methods in current use include vacuum aspiration of the products of conception through a thin cannula dilatation and curettage ; opening the womb through an abdominal incision ( hysterotomy ) ; or the use of prostaglandins or other drugs to induce premature labour .
Methylated spirit , usually with small amounts of castor oil and oil of wintergreen : used to sterilize the skin before surgery , injections , etc .
Metrorrhagia may indicate the presence of cancer of the cervix or some other disease of the womb .
Microbiology in relation to medicine is concerned mainly with the isolation and identification of the microorganisms that cause disease .
Microcytosis is a feature of certain anaemias ( microcytic anaemias ) , including iron - deficiency anaemias , certain haemoglobinopathies , anaemias associated with chronic infections , etc .
Microelectrodes can be used for recording the electrical changes that occur in the membranes of cells , such as those of nerve and muscle .
Microgametocytes are found in the blood of man but must be ingested by a mosquito before developing into micrometes .
Microorganisms have been found in the mucosa , and the disease usually responds to prolonged antibiotic treatment .
Microorganisms include bacteria , some fungi , mycoplasmas , protozoa , rickettsiae , and viruses .
Microscopic , almost nonelastic , branching fibres of connective tissue that join together to form a delicate supportive meshwork around blood vessels , muscle fibres , glands , nerves , etc .
Microscopic examination of the affected muscles shows diffuse inflammatory changes , and relief of the symptoms is obtained with corticosteroid drugs .
Microsomes are formed when homogenized cells are centrifuged .
Migration of cells through the walls of blood capillaries into the tissue spaces .
Mild analgesics , such as aspirin and paracetamol , are used for the relief of headache , toothache , and mild rheumatic pain .
Mild and temporary side - effects such as headache , skin rashes , and digestive upsets may occur .
Mild cases are symptom - free , but patients more severely affected develop breathlessness , angina pectoris , and enlargement of the heart , all have a diastolic murmur .
Mild cases are symptomless and require no treatment , but in severe cases the affected valve should be replaced with an artificial one ( mitral prosthesis ) .
Mild cases need no treatment , but severe cases are treated surgically by reopening the stenosis ( mitral valvotomy ) or by inserting an artificial valve ( mitral prosthesis ) .
Mild fever and glandular swelling develop about a week after infection .
Mild side - effects , including dry mouth and nausea , may occur .
Mild side - effects sometimes occur , including skin rashes , fever , headache , nausea , vomiting , and tingling sensations .
Mild skin reactions occasionally occur .
Mildly subnormal people ( with an IQ approximately 50 - 70 ) often make a good adjustment to life after special help with education .
Milk is a complete food in that it has most of the nutrients necessary for life : protein , carbohydrate , fat , minerals , and vitamins .
Miners and workers in hot climates are particularly at risk , and salt tablets are often taken as a preventive measure .
Miniature surgical instruments , such as knives made of glass , are manipulated by means of geared connections that reduce the relatively coarse movements of the operator 's fingers into microscopic movements .
Minimal lethal dose : the smallest quantity of a toxic compound that is recorded as having caused death .
Minor degrees of cataract do not necessarily impair vision seriously .
Minor degrees of this feeling are common in normal people under stress .
Minor pulmonary emboli respond to the anticoagulant drugs heparin and warfarin .
Minor tranquillizers , such as the benzodiazepines ( e . g . chordiazepoxide and diazepam ) and meprobamate , are used to treat neurosed and to relieve anxiety and tension due to various causes .
Minor tranquillizers sometimes cause dependence with prolonged use .
Miotics , such as physostigmine and pilocarpine , are used to counteract the dilation of the pupil caused by drugs such as ephedrine and phenylephrine and to reduce the pressure in the eye in the treatment of glaucoma .
Miracidia give rise asexually to redia larvae and finally cercariae in the snail 's tissues .
Miracidia hatch from eggs released into water with the host 's excreta .
Mirror - image reversals of single letters are common in children learning to write and in older children whose language abilities are impaired .
Misperception of random stimuli as real things or people , as when faces are vividly seen in the flames of a fire .
Mitochondria contain ATP and the enzymes involved in the cell 's metabolic activities .
Mixed with the intestinal contents , they give the brown colour to the faeces ( see urobilinogen ) .
Mixture of a few drops of urine with a test solution containing an antibody that reacts with the hormone gives an almost immediate result .
Models are also used to construct dentures , orthodontic appliances , or such restorations as crowns .
Modern investigations also include measurement of urine flow , and the resultant bladder pressure , flow study ( urodynamic investigation ) provides useful information regarding bladder function .
Modern procedures use stereotaxy and make selective lesions in smaller areas of the brain .
Modified sebaceous glands on the inner surface of the prepuce .
Moist gangrene is death and putrefactive decay of tissue caused by bacterial infection .
Molarity is indicated as 0.1 M ; 1 M ; 2 M , etc .
Mono or oligo - arthritis is inflammation of one joint , pauciarthritis of a few , and polyarthritis of many joints , either simultaneously or in sequence .
Monoamine oxidase is found in most tissues , particularly the liver and nervous system .
Monoclonal antibodies are produced by fusing antibody - forming lymphocytes from mouse spleen with mouse myeloma cells .
Monocytosis occurs in a variety of diseases , including certain leukaemias ( monocytic leukaemias ) and infections due to some bacteria and protozoa .
Mononeuritis multiplex is the separate involvement of two or more nerves .
Monosaccharides are classified according to the number of carbon atoms they possess .
Monosaccharides may have between three and nine carbone atoms , but the most common number is five or six .
Morbid and insatiable craving for alcohol occurring in paroxysms .
Morden Possum are operated by micro - switches that require only the slightest movement in any limb .
More complex calculations , which take account of the age bias of a population as a whole can produce standardized rates or as currently used for deciding resource allocation in the British National Health Service - standardized mortality ratios ( SMR ) .
More complicated devices may contain electronic amplification systems to aid diagnosis .
More detailed information , including aspects of therapy while in the hospital , are included in Hospital Activity Analysis .
More potent narcotic analgesics , such as morphine and pethidine , are used only to relieve severe pain since these drugs may produce dependence and tolerance .
More rarely quoted are the gross reproduction rate ( the rate at which the child - bearing female population is reproducing itself ) and the net reproduction rate , which takes into account female mortality before the age of reproduction .
More recently emphasis has switched to brain death , defined as permanent functional death of the centres in the brainstem that control the breathing , pupilary , and other vital reflexes .
More severe attacks are often asociated with the painful passage of blood in the urine , accompanied by a cramplike pain in the lower abdomen persisting after the bladder has been emptied .
More severe defects of fusion of these bones result in increasingly serious neurological conditions .
More severe effects include cyanosis , blood disorders , skin rashes , and fever .
More than two people may be involved ( folie à trois , folie à quatre , ect ) .
More usually , however , the term is used to mean the total absence of sperm from the semen ( see azoospermia ) .
Mortality is high in untreated cases but prompt treatment with penicillin and antitoxin is effective .
Mosquitoes , for example , are vectors of malaria , filariasis , and yellw fever .
Most ( but not all ) are intellectually subnormal ( see idiot savant ) .
Most ( but not all ) patients are there compulsorily under a hospital order made by a court according to the Mental Health Act .
Most absorption of food occurs in the small intestine - in the jejunum and ileum - although alcohol is readily absorbed from the stomach .
Most aneurysms within the brain are congenital , there is a risk that they may burst , causing a subarachnoid haemorrhage .
Most are chemoheterotrophic , i . e . they use the organic compounds as an energy source .
Most are permanently dependent on other people .
Most barbiturates , including amylobarbitone and pentobarbitone , are taken as sleeping pills .
Most cases , however , depend upon long - term drug therapy to lower the blood pressure and maintain it within the normal range .
Most cases are due to atheroma and hypertension , clinical effects being caused by rupture of diseased blood vessels ( cerebral or sebarachnoid haemorrhage ) or inadequacy of the blood supply to the brain ( ischaemia ) , due to cerebral thrombosis or embolism .
Most cases of hydramnios are associated with twin pregnancies .
Most cerebral aneurysms occur on or near the circle of Willis .
Most crowns are like thimbles and are custom made to fit over a trimmed - down tooth .
Most doctors in the UK obtain bachelors 'degrees in medicine and surgery ( MB , BS ) or the diplomas of the conjoint boards of the Royal College of Physicians and the Royal College of Surgeons ( LRCP , MRCS ) .
Most drilling is done with an air - driven turbine handpiece , but some is performed with a much slower mechanically driven handpiece .
Most feed on dead organic material and are responsible for food spoilage .
Most forms of psychotherapy claim to be of therapeutic value , but the worth of any treatment remains debatable .
Most headaches are caused by emotional stress or fatigue but some are symptoms of serious intracranial disease .
Most Health Districts have a general hospital ( DGH ) , which provides sufficient basic for the population of the District .
Most intelligence tests are constructed so that the resulting intelligence quotients in the general population have a mean of about 100 and a standard deviation of about 15 .
Most large nerves are mixed nerves , containing both motor and sensory nerve fibres running to and from a particular region of the body .
Most leucomas result from scarring after corneal inflammation or ulceration .
Most live in soil and decomposing organic matter .
Most mild cases of imperforate anus can be treated by a simple operation .
Most mites are small , averaging 1mm or less in length .
Most nasal decongestants are sympathomimetic drugs , applied either locally , in the form of nasal sprays or drops , or taken by mouth .
Most of the organ is composed of erectile tissue ( see corpus cavernosum , corpus spongiosum ) , which becomes filled with blood under conditions of sexual excitement so that the penis is erected .
Most of them , including sulphamethoxazole and sulphaphenazole , are rapidly absorbed from the stomach and small intestine and should be taken at frequent intervals .
Most of these stones cause pain , whether sited in the kidney , ureter , or bladder .
Most of whose work is concerned with routine visiting of selected preschool children ( though the elderly and chronic sick also receive routine visits ) .
Most often it is used to improve the circulation to part of the body ; less commonly to inhibit excess sweating or to relieve the photophobia induced by an abnormally dilated pupil of the eye .
Most oral contraceptives are combined pills , consisting of an oestrogen , which blocks the normal process of ovulation , and a progestogen , which acts on the pituitary gland to block the normal control of the menstrual cycle .
Most pateins recover but serious complications such as nephritis or pneumonia may develop .
Most patients make a gradual recovery but mortality rate is 5 - 20 % .
Most people acquire immunity through a childhood infection .
Most people cannot distinguish indigo from blue or violet .
Most people have a small degree of the type of heterophoria known as exophoria , in which the covered eye turns outwards , away from the nose ( compare esophoria ) .
Most people have the rhesus factor , i . e . they are Rh - positive .
Most people with such delusions will in time develop signs of other mental illness .
Most Protozoa are free - living but some are important disease causing parasites of man .
Most secretions of acid , pepsin , and the hormone gastrin occur in the antrum and the operation is used ( usually combined with vagotomy ) in the treatment of peptic ulcers .
Most species are black with distinct white or silvery - yellow markings on the legs and thorax .
Most species are normal inhabitants of the mouth of animals and man and produce no harmful effects , but F . fusiformis ( Bacteroides fusiformis ) , an anaerobic species , is associated with Borrelia vincentii in ulcerative gingivitis .
Most species are pathogenic : H . aegyptius causes conjunctivitis , and H . ducreyi soft sore ( chancroid ) .
Most species are saprophytes , but S . minus causes rat bite fever .
Most species are saprophytic but some are parasites , including V . cholerae , which causes cholera .
Most species causing disease in man belong to group A .
Most species live in the soil , but some are parasites of animals , man , and plants .
Most sporozoans do no have cilia or flagella .
Most strabismus is concomitant , i . e . the abnormal alignment of the two eyes remains fairly constant , in whatever direction the person is looking .
Most such swellings are due to fibrous hyperplasia .
Most survivors of myocardial infarction are able to return to a full and active life , including those who have been successfully resuscitated from cardiac arrest .
Most tear gases produce stinging pain in the eyes and streaming from the eyes and nose .
Most tests present a series of different kinds of problems to be solved .
Most toothpastes contain fluoride salts , which help to prevent dental caries .
Most toxic effects are due to poinsoning from ingestion .
Mother - child bonding is the supposed process in which physical contact between mother and child in the child 's first hours of life promotes the mother 's loving and caring for her baby .
Motile species bear one or more fine hairs ( flagella ) arising from their surface .
Mottled purplish discoloration on the legs and thighs , usually of adolescent girls or fat boys before puberty .
Mouth ulcers and digestive upsets may also occur .
Mouthwashes are used to prevent dental caries ( see also chlorhexidine ) and to treat mild throat infections .
Movement not brought about by a patient 's own efforts .
Movement of a cell or organism in response to a stimulus of light .
Movement of a cell or organism in response to the stimulus of a gradient of chemical concentration .
Movements die away and the patient may rouse in a state of confusion , complaining of headache , or he may fall asleep .
Movements of the face and arm are often more severely affected than those of the leg .
Movements of the fimbriae at ovulation assist in directing the ovum to the fallopian tube .
Moving away from a centre , as from the brain to the peripheral tissues .
Moving towards a centre , as from the peripheral tissues to the brain .
Much more common is psychological dependence , in which repeated use of a drug induces reliance on it for a state of well - being and contentment , but there are no physical withdrawal symptoms if use of the drug is stopped .
Much of the carbohydrate of the diet is converted to fat before it is used for providing energy .
Mucolytics are used to treat chest conditions involving excessive or thickened mucus secretions .
Mucopolysaccharide molecules are usually built up of two repeating sugar units , one of which is an amino sugar .
Mucoproteins are globulins combined with a carbohydrate group ( an amino sugar ) .
Multiple angiokeratomas affecting the viscera and skin are seen as a rare inherited and fatal disease ( Fabry 's disease ) .
Multiple congenital defects affecting lipid ( fat ) metabolism , cartilage and bone , skin , and the major internal organs , leading to mental retardation , dwarfism , and deformities of the bones .
Multiple very small tumours scattered throughout the pancreas cannot be treated by surgery but do respond to drugs that poison the beta cells , including diazoxide .
Mumps orchitis affecting both testes may result in sterility .
Mumps orchitis often responds to corticosteroids .
Murmurs are classified as systolic or diastolic ( heard in ventricular systole or diastole respectively ) .
Muscle fatigue may be due to the waste products of metabolism accumulating in the muscles faster than they can be removed by the venous blood .
Muscle that is not under conscious control , such as the muscle of the gut , stomach , blood vessels , and heart .
Muscle that produces slow long-term contractions of which the individual is unaware .
Muscle weakness that varies in its extend , its severity , and the degree of spasticity or flaccidity according to the nature of the underlying disease and its distribution in the brain , spinal cord , peripheral nerves , or muscles .
Muscles ( principally extensors ) that serve to maintain the upright posture of the body against the force of gravity .
Muscles possess mechanisms for converting energy derived from chemical reactions into mechanical energy .
Muscles that ocupy the spaces between the ribs and are responsible for controlling some of the movements of the ribs .
Muscles undergo this change in response to increased work .
Muscular atrophy is associated with various diseases , such as poliomyetilis .
Muscular control becomes defective and shiver - like tremors occur in the truck , limbs , and head .
Muscular exertion and emotional factors , such as fear , stress , and excitement , all raise systolic blood pressure ( see hypertension ) .
Muscular weakness caused by disease of the nervous system .
Muscus acts as a protective barrier over the surfaces of the membranes , as a lubricant , and as a carrier of enzymes .
Musical ability , calculating ability , and rote memory are examples of abilities that may be highly developed .
Musicians sometimes find middle segment useful for reading the score during performance .
Mutagens usually only increase the number of mutants formed and do not cause mutations not found under natural conditions .
Mutations in any other cells ( somatic mutations ) are not inherited .
Myelinated nerves conduct impulses more rapidly than nonmyelinated nerves .
Myelination of nerve tracts in the central nervous system is completed by the second year of life .
Myeloid leukaemias may be acute or chronic and may involve any one of the cells produced by the marrow .
Myeloid metaplasia is the development of bone marrow elements , normally found only within the marrow cavities of the bones , in organs such as the spleen and liver .
Myocardinal infarction is usually confined to the left ventricle .
Myoepithelial cells play an important role in encouraging the secretion of substances into ducts .
N . meningitidis ( the meningococcus ) causes cerebrospinal fever and meningitis .
NAD and the closely related coenzyme NADP ( nicotinamide adenine dinucleotide phosphate ) are derived from nicotinic acid .
Naegleria species can , however , live as parasites in man and are belived to have caused some rare , but fatal , infections of the brain .
Names are given to varieties of lysin with different targets ; for example , haemolysin attacks red blood cells ; leucolysin white cells ; and a bateriolysin bacterial cells .
Narcotics ( i . e . morphine and morphine - like drugs ) have been largely replaced as sleeping drugs because of their ability to cause dependence and tolerance .
Narrowed and notched permanent incisor teeth , a sign of congenital syphilis .
Narrowing of bronchi by muscular contraction in response to some stimulus , as in asthma , and bronchitis .
Narrowing of the aperture between the eyelids .
Narrowing of the muscular outlet of the stomach ( pylorus ) .
Narrowing of the opening of the aortic valve due to fusion of the cusps that comprise the valve .
Narrowing of the opening of the foreskin , which cannot therefore be drawn back over the underlying glans penis .
Narrowing of the opening of the mitral valve : a result of chronic scarring that follows rheumatic fever .
Natural immune defences may heal it at this stage ; alternatively the disease may smoulder for months or years and fluctuate with the patient 's resistance .
Natural uncomplicated labour and childbirth .
Naturally occurring and synthetic androgens are used in replacement therapy ( to treat such conditions as delayed puberty in adolescent boys , hypogonadism , and impotence due to testicular insufficiency ) ; as anabolic agents ; and in the treatment of breast cancer .
Naturally occurring and synthetic glucocorticoids have very powerful anti - inflammatory effects and are used to treat conditions involving inflammation .
Naturally occurring and synthetic oestrogens , given by mouth or injection , are used to treat amenorrhoea , menopausal disorders , androgen dependent cancers ( e . g . cancer of the prostate ) , and to inhibit lactation .
Naturally occurring corticosteroid that is used mainly to treat deficiency of corticosteroid hormones in Addison 's disease and following surgical removal of the adrenal glands .
Naturally radioactive elements include radium and uranium .
Nausea , vomiting , and headache caused by motion during travel by sea , road , or air .
Nausea and vomiting during early pregnancy .
Neadles or capsules of the isotope may be implanted in or around a tumour so that the radiation they emit will destroy it .
Near the front of the breast the lactiferous ducts are dilated into ampullae , which act as reservoirs for the milk .
Nearly always a physical cause can be found .
Necrobiosis lipoidica is patchy degeneration of the skin causing areas of white scarring and thinning .
Necrosis ( death ) of tissue , most commonly bone , whose ability to heal has been markedly reduced by radiotherapy for a tumour .
Necrotizing encephalomyelopathy of childhood is a progressive illness with extensive destruction of nerve cells throughout the central nervous system .
Needle aspiration of the cyst reveals a milky opalescent fluid containing sperm .
Needles used for sewing up tissue during surgical operation are of various designs , for specific operations , and are equipped with an eye for threading suture material .
Neighbouring lymph nodes enlarge about two weeks later .
Neither medical nor surgical treatment is uniformly successful .
Nematodes occur either as free - living forms in the sea , fresh water , and soil or as parasites of plants , animals , and man .
Neonatal deaths are further subdivided into early ( first week ) and late ( second , third , and fourth weeks ) .
Neostigmine is administered by mouth , injection , or in eye - drops .
Nephritis is a nonspecific term used to describe a condition resulting from a variety of causes .
Nerve cells found in great numbers in the cortex of the cerebellum .
Nerve fibres from the nasal side of the retina of each eye cross over to join fibres from the lateral side of the retina of the opposite eye .
Nerve tissue of the central nervous system that is paler in colour than the associated grey matter because it contains more nerve fibres and thus larger amounts of the insulating material myelin .
Nerve tracts in the lobe are cut during the operation of prefrontal leucotomy .
Neurosis whose principal features consist of emotional instability , repression , dissociation , physical symptoms , and vulnerability to suggestion .
Neurotic symptoms are occasionally the result of overwhelming stress ( e . g . in soldiers in battle ) , but usually represent a complex interaction between stresses and a vulnerable personality .
Neutral stains have neither acidic nor basic affinities .
Neutropenia may occur in a wide variety of diseases , including certain hereditary defects , aplastic anaemias , tumours of the bone marrow , agranulocytosis , and acute leukaemias .
New drugs are tested against placebos in clinical trials : the drug 's effect is compared with the placebo response , which occurs even in the absence of any pharmacologically active substance in the placebo .
Nicotinamide is a component of the coenzymes NAD ( nicotinamide adenine dinucleotide ) and NADP , its phosphate .
Nicotinic acid is present in some cereals ( e . g . maize ) in a bound unavailable form .
Nicotinic acid is required in the diet but can also be formed in small amounts in the body from the essential amino acid tryptophan .
Night sweats may be an early indication of tuberculosis or other disease .
Nile blue A ( Nile blue sulphate ) , which stains fatty acid changes from blue to purplish at pH 10 - 11 .
Niridazole should not be used in patients with impaired liver function .
Nitrogen is an essential constituent of proteins and nucleic acids and is obtained by man in the form of protein - containing foods ( atmospheric nitrogen cannot be utilized directly ) .
Nitrous oxide was formerly referred to as laughing gas because of its tendency to excite the patient when used alone .
No causative agent has been positively identified , although a virus may be implicated .
No NHS patient may be charged for a NHS prescription or for a medical certificate ; conversely no private patient may receive a NHS prescription .
No treatment is available , but the tendency to fracture sometimes diminishes at adolescence .
No treatment is necessary and the swelling disappears in a few weeks .
Nocturia usually occurs in elderly men with enlarged prostate glands , and is a common reason for patients to request prostatectomy .
Noma is a severe form of ulcerative gingivitis .
Nonmetallic drug used in the treatment of trypanosomiasis .
Nonparametric tests ( Mann - Whitney U tests ) make no assumptions about distribution patterns .
Nonsense speech that mimics normal speech in that it is appropriately formed into an imitation of syllables , words , and sentences .
Noradrenaline is released by nerve endings of the sympathetic system .
Normal breath sounds are soft and called vesicular , they may be increased or decreased in disease states .
Normal semen produced on ejaculation usually contains more than 60 million sperm / ml , of which about 80 % are motile and morphologically normal .
Normal vision can be restored by wearing spectacles with convex lenses .
Normally a balance is maintained between the processes of coagulation and fibrinolysis in the body .
Normally antibodies in the bloodstream and tissues react with and destroy specific antigens without further trouble .
Normally it is compulsory to hold two full - time preregistration appointments in general subjects at hospital recognized for this purpose .
Normally sighted people can read the 6 - metre line , i . e . normal acuity is 6 / 6 , and many people read the 5 - metre line with ease .
Normally the head appears first ( cephalic presentation ) .
Normally there is under 0.8mg bilirubin per 100ml blood .
Normoblasts pass through three stages of maturation : early ( or basophilic ) , intermediate ( or polychromatic ) , and late ( or orthochromatic ) forms .
Not apparent to the naked eye ; not easily determined or detected .
Not associated with the development and release of a female germ cell ( ovum ) in the ovary , as in anovular menstruation .
Not being localized at nerve endings , it plays little part in the normal breakdown of acetylcholine in synapses and at neuromuscular junctions .
Not occurring normally in the population of a country , applied sometimes to unusual diseases brought in from abroad by immigrants or travellers .
Not showing any symptoms of disease , whether disease is present or not .
Now it occurs when the larynx has been irritated following administration of anaesthetic , when a foreign body has lodged in the larynx , or in croup .
Nuclei stain red , muscle red to orange , nervous tissue lilac , collagen dark blue , and mucus and connective tissue become blue .
Nucleic acids ( DNA and RNA ) are long chains of linked nucleotides ( polynucleotide chains ) which in DNA contain the purine bases adenine and guanine and the pyrimidines thymine and cytosine ; in RNA , thymine is replaced by uracil .
Numerous intestinal will line the small intestine .
Nutrients include carbohydrates , fats , proteins minerals , and vitamins .
Nystagmus may be congenital and associated with poor sight .
O . felineus is normally a parasite of fish - eating mammals but accidental infections of man have occurred .
Oat - cell carcinoma is usually related to smoking and accounts for about one quarter of bronchial carcinomas .
Oat cells are small round or oval cells with darkly staining nuclei and scanty indistinct cytoplasm .
Obesity is the most common nutritional disorder of recent years .
Obesity is usually considered to be present when a person is 20 % above the recommended weight for his height and build .
Objects are presented on this surface and the patient says if he sees them .
Objects closer than six meters from the eye appear blurred , and objects , further than six meters from the eye are not seen clearly but in many cases can be made sharp by an effort of accommodation .
Objects further than six metres from the eye are blurred and cannot be made sharp by accommodation .
Objects further than six metres from the eye are seen clearly without any effort to focus .
Observation of the ventricles of the brain through a fibreoptic instrument .
Obsolete , a person affected by a mild degree of mental subnormality .
Obsolete , a type of cell , found in the bone marrow , that was thought by early microscopists to be the ultimate precursor from which all blood cells were derived .
Obsolete , a very high frequency of petit mal attacks .
Obsolete , conjunctivitis in which there is a sticky yellow discharge from the eye .
Obsolete , inflammation of the eye , particularly the conjunctiva ( see conjunctivitis ) .
Obstruction and infection of the kidney resulting in pus formation .
Obstruction of a vein by a blood clot , without preceding inflammation of its wall .
Obstruction of the airways may occasionally be serious , especially in children ( see croup ) .
Obstruction of the portal vein by a blood clot ( see thrombosis ) .
Obstruction of the pulmonary artery or one of its branches by an embolus , usually a blood clot derived from phlebothrombosis of the leg veins .
Obstruction to the flow of cerebrospinal fluid causes hydrocephalus .
Obstructive jaundice occurs when bile made in the liver fails to reach the intestine due to obstruction of the bile ducts ( e . g . by gallstones ) or to cholestasis .
Obviously this is a normal phenomenon , but in excess it may impair the ability to cope with life .
Occasional cases are due to acquired disease of the retina but in the vast majority it is inherited .
Occasional cases still occur as a complication of mumps .
Occasional myoclonic jerks occur between fits patients with idiopathic epilepsy , and myoclonus is a major feature of some progressive neurological illnesses with extensive degeneration of brain cells .
Occasional side - effects include digestive disturbances and dry mouth .
Occasionally , it progresses to chronic glomerulonephritis and kidney failure , sometimes via the nephrotic syndrome .
Occasionally , nerve damage and enlargement of the liver may occur .
Occasionally , progressive histoplasmosis , which resembles tuberculosis , develops .
Occasionally a more chronic form results in lymphoedema .
Occasionally air escapes into other tissues during surgery , and bacteria may form gas in soft tissues .
Occasionally both left and right bundle branch blocks occur simultaneously and the patient develops complete heart block .
Occasionally generalized lymphadenitis occurs as a result of virus infections .
Occasionally girls at puberty are found to have an imperforate hymen ( a fold of membrane close to vaginal orifice ) , which impedes the flow of menstrual blood .
Occasionally it forms painful erosions .
Occasionally its malformation and overgrowth produces a small painful tender red swelling ( glomus tumour ) .
Occasionally severe chest pain caused by spasm of the oesophagus .
Occasionally teratogenic effects may occur .
Occasionally the disease enters a chronic state in which deafness , blindness , and serious mental deterioration may occur .
Occasionally the disease may be very severe , affecting much of the skin and causing considerable disability in the patient .
Occasionally the fungus attacks the mucous membrances of the eyes , nose , or urethra or such internal organs as the lung , liver , and kidneys .
Occasionally the use of this term is extended to included a stumbling gait .
Occasionally they have mild abdominal discomfort .
Occasionally women have a similar belief that their breasts are disappearing into their body .
Occupational therapy also includes assessment for mechanical aids and adaptations in the home .
Occurring mainly in debilitated patients , it is associated with anaerobic microorganisms ( see Borrelia , Fusobacterium ) and is accompanied by an unpleasant odour .
Occurring frequently in a particular region or population , applied to diseases that are generally or constantly found among people in a particular area .
Occurring in a place other than the usual one .
Occurring in South and Central America , espundia takes the form of ulcerating lesions on the arms and legs .
Occurring in spasms or resembling a spasm .
Odontoblasts line the pupl and have small processes that extend into the dentine .
Oesophageal diverticula occur in the middle or lower oesophagus .
Oestrogen and progesterone regulate the changes in the womb throughout the menstrual cycle and pregnancy .
Oestrogenic drugs , such as chlorotrianisene and dienoestrol , have this effect and are used to suppress milk production in mothers not breast feeding .
Oestrogens and progesterone are the female sex hormones .
Oestrogens are synthesized mainly by the ovary ; small amounts are also produced by the adrenal cortex , testes , and placenta .
Oestrogens should not be used in patients with a history of cancer of the breast , womb , or genital tract .
Oestrus attacks the eyes ; and Cochliomyia invades the nasal passages .
Of , relating to , or affecting infants .
Of , relating to , or affecting the anus , for example an anal fissure or an anal fistula .
Of , relating to , or affecting the cervix ( neck region ) of an organ , especially the cervix of the womb .
Of , relating to , or affecting the dura .
Of , relating to , or affecting the heart .
Of , relating to , or characterized by cysts .
Of , relating to , or resembling clonus .
Of , relating to , or using a microscope .
Of or concerned with the eye or vision .
Of or describing matters that are related to both medicine and surgery .
Of or relating to aerobes ; requiring free oxygen for life and growth .
Of or relating to conditions that require the attention of a physician rather than a surgeon .
Of or relating to medicine , the diagnosis , treatment and prevention of disease .
Of or relating to sound or the sense of hearing .
Of or relating to the abdominal region .
Of or relating to the area above the eye orbit .
Of or relating to the area within the eyeball .
Of or relating to the forehead ( see frontal bone ) , denoting the anterior part of a body or organ .
Of or relating to the gall bladder or urinary bladder .
Of or relating to the inner walls of a body cavity , as opposed to the contents , applied particularly to the membranes lining a cavity ( see peritoneum , pleura ) .
Of or relating to the organs and tissues concerned with excretion and reproduction , which are anatomically closely associated .
Of or relating to the thigh or to the femur .
Of or relating to the upper part of the stomach ( see cardia ) .
Often insidious in onset , it is particularly liable to occur in babies and the elderly if they are living in poorly heated homes and have inadequate clothing .
Often no cause is apparent ; in some cases rheumatoid arthritis develops later .
Often one of the cell populations is normal and the other carries a chromosome defect such as Down 's syndrome or Turner 's syndrome .
Often some facts are woven into the tissue of lies .
Often the heart , lungs , and brain are also affected by progressive attacks of inflammation followed by the formation of scar tissue ( fibrosis ) .
Oil of wintergreen : a liquid with counterirritant and analgesic properties , applied to the skin to relieve pain in lumbago , sciatice , and rheumatic conditions .
On cooling gutta percha will retain any deformity imparted to it when hot , thus it was used in dentistry as an impression material and as a temporary filling material .
On each side a medial leminiscus acts as a pathway from the spinal cord , while an outer lateral lemniscus commences higher up and is mainly concerned with hearing .
On each side it arises in the neck from the third , fourth , and fifth cervical spinal roots and passes downwards between the lungs and the heart to reach the diaphragm .
On emerging from the eggs , nymphs resemble the adult insects except that they are smaller , do not have fully developed wings , and are not sexually mature .
On examination the vasa and seminal vesicles are thickened and tender .
On its inner surface modified sebaceous glands ( preputial glands ) secrete a lubricating fluid over the glans .
On or affecting the opposite side of the body : applied particularly to paralysis ( or other symptoms ) occurring on the opposite side of the body from the brain lesion that caused them .
On or affecting the same side of the body , applied particularly to paralysis ( or other symptoms ) occurring on the same side of the body as the brain lesion that caused them .
On or over the dura mater ( the outermost of the three membranes covering the brain and spinal cord ) .
On return of favourable conditions the spore changes back to the vegetative form .
On return to normal atmospheric pressure nitrogen dissolved in the bloodstream expands to form bubbles , causing pain ( the bends ) and blocking the circulation in small blood vessels in the brain and elsewhere ( decompression sickness ) .
On the basis of factors prevailing at the outset of the study or arising during the period of follow - up , two or more separate cohorts may be identified and compared in relation to outcome .
On the basis of its microscopic appearance in section , the cortex is mapped into Brodmann 's areas .
On the eleventh or twelfth day the rash and fever abate .
On the map area 4 , for example , corresponds , to primary motor cortex , while the primary visual cortex comes into area 17 .
On the other hand a tomour with an abnormally increased blood supply may be revealed on the thermogram as a " hot spot " .
On the third day , as the fever subsides , red spots appear on the face and spread to the trunk and extremities .
On the third to fifth day a blotchy slightly elevated pink rash develops , first behind the ears then on the face and elsewhere ; it lasts 3 - 5 days .
On the undersurface of the cerebellum a vallecula separates the two hemispheres .
On the undersurface of the tongue a fold of mucous membrane , the frenulum linguae , connects the midline of the tongue to the floor of the mouth .
On the whole these tend to be the types with a better prognosis and some may not need treatment for months or years after the patient has first been examined .
On unclenching the fist , the affected finger ( usually the third or fourth ) at first remains bent and then , on overcoming the resistance , suddenly straightens ( " triggers " ) .
Once a common operation in surgery , it is now usually performed only in cases of severe injury to limbs , or particularly in elderly people , when circulation to a limb is inadequate and gangrene develops .
Once inside the cell oxygen is utilized in metabolic processes resulting in the production of energy ( see ATP ) , water , and waste materials ( including carbon dioxide ) .
Once made , pepsin itself can act on pepsinogen to produce more pepsin .
Once the fetus is dead abortion becomes inevitable .
Once the male and female pronuclei have fused the zygote starts to divide by cleavage .
Once the proenzyme has been secreted it is converted to the active form .
Onchocerciasis occurs in Central Africa and Central America .
One dioptre is the power of a lens that brings parallel light rays to a focus at a point one metre from the lens , after passing through it .
One electrode is placed on the eye in a contact lens and the other is usually attached to the back of the head .
One end lies in the curve of the duodenum , the other end touches the spleen .
One form encephalitis lethargica reached epidemic proportions shortly after World War I and was marked by headache and drowsiness , progressing to coma ( hence its popular name sleepy sickness ) .
One form of therapy as opposed to another , such as the modality of physiotherapy contrasted with that of radiotherapy .
One goal of psychoanalysis is to return repressed material to conscious awareness so that it may be dealt with rationally .
One kilocalorie ( also known as the kilocalorie or kilogram calorie ) is equal to 1000 calories .
One member of the pair is derived from the mother , the other from the father .
One mole of a compound has a mass equal to its molecular weight expressed in grams .
One of a diverse group of nitrogen - containing substances that are produced by plants and have potent effects on body function .
One of a group drugs closely related to the sulphonamides in structure and therapeutic actions .
One of a group of about 30 RNA - containing viruses , originally isolated from the human intestinal tract , that were found to produce pathological changes in cells grown in culture , although they were not clearly associated with any specific disease .
One of a group of antibiotic compounds derived from cultures of Streptomyces bacteria .
One of a group of chemical compounds , similar to the encephalins , that occur naturally in the brain and have pain - relieving properties similar to those of the opiates .
One of a group of complex carbohydrates functioning mainly as structural components in connective tissue .
One of a group of compounds consisting of a protein combined with a carbohydrate ( such as galactose or mannose ) .
One of a group of compounds having a common structure based on the steroid nucleus , which consists of three six - membered carbon rings and one five - membered carbon ring .
One of a group of compounds occurring in the myelin sheaths of nerve fibres .
One of a group of digestive enzymes that split proteins in the stomach and intestine into their constituent amino acids .
One of a group of DNA - containing viruses causing latent infections in man and animals .
One of a group of DNA - containing viruses causing latent infections of the upper respiratory tract that produce symptoms resembling those of the common cold .
One of a group of drugs , derived from a sulphonamide , that reduce the level of glucose in the blood .
One of a group of drugs , derived from sulphanilamide ( a red dye ) , that prevent the growth of bacteria ( i . e . they are bacteriostatic ) .
One of a group of drugs derived from opium , including apomorphine , codeine , morphine , and papaverine .
One of a group of enzymes capable of catalysing the hydrolysis of phosphoric acid esters .
One of a group of enzymes found in animal tissues , particulary the spleen , that digest proteins .
One of a group of enzymes found in the blood and body fluids that act in certain plasma globulins to produce bradykinin and kallidin .
One of a group of enzymes that catalyse oxidation - reduction reactions .
One of a group of enzymes that catalyse the linking of groups by double bonds .
One of a group of glycolipids found in the brain , liver , spleen , and red blood cells ( they are particularly abundant in nerve cell membranes ) .
One of a group of green pigments , found in all green plants and some bacteria , that absorb light to provide energy for the synthesis of carbohydrates from carbon dioxide and water ( photosynthesis ) .
One of a group of hormone - like substances present in a wide variety of tissues and body fluids ( including the womb , brain , lung , kidney , and semen ) .
One of a group of large DNA - containing viruses including those that cause smallpox ( variola ) and cowpox ( vaccinia ) in man , and pox and tumours in animals .
One of a group of minute nonmotile microorganisms that lack a rigid cell wall and hence display a variety of forms .
One of a group of muscles in the hand that bring the digits opposite to other digits .
One of a group of natural occurring or synthetic steroid hormones , including progesterone , that maintain the normal course of pregnancy .
One of a group of naturally occurring compounds that are soluble in solvents such as chloroform or alcohol , but insoluble in water .
One of a group of naturally occurring polypertides that are powerful vasodilators , which lower blood pressure , and cause contraction of smooth muscle .
One of a group of organic compounds of carbon , hydrogen , oxygen , and nitrogen ( sulphur and phosphorus may also be present ) .
One of a group of phospholipids that are constituents of cell membranes and are particularly abundant in the brain .
One of a group of phospholipids that are important constituents of cell membranes and are involved in the metabolism of fat by the liver . An example is phosphatidylcholine .
One of a group of polymeric materials used for making denture teeth , and formerly as a dental filling material .
One of a group of proteins , found in blood plasma and lymph , that are combined with fats or other lipids ( such as cholesterol ) .
One of a group of proteins found in the globulin fraction of blood plasma .
One of a group of rare inherited disorders due to disturbance of the metabolism of the breakdown products ( porphyrins ) of the red blood pigment haemoglobin .
One of a group of RNA - containing viruses that are able to multiply in the gastrointestinal tract ( see enterovirus ) .
One of a group of RNA - containing viruses that are transmitted from animals to man by insects ( i . e . arthropods ; hence arthropod - borne viruses ) and cause disease resulting in encephalitis or serious fever , such as dengue and yellow fever .
One of a group of RNA - containing viruses that includes those causing influenza in animals and man .
One of a group of simple proteins found in plants and soluble only in dilute acids and bases .
One of a group of simple proteins that are soluble in dilute salt solutions and can be coagulated by heat .
One of a group of simple proteins that can be conjugated with nucleic acids to form nucleoproteins .
One of a group of small DNA - containing viruses producing tumours ( usually malignant ) in animals ( subgroup polyoma viruses ) and nonmalignant tumours in animals and man ( subgroup papilloma viruses ) .
One of a group of small RNA - containing viruses that infect both respiratory and intestinal tracts without producing specific or serious diseases ( and were therefore termed respiratory enteric orphan viruses ) .
One of a group of small RNA - contaning viruses ( pico = small ; hence pico - RNA - virus ) .
One of a group of solutions used to maintain tissues in a viable state .
One of a group of steroid hormones ( including oestriol , oestrone , and oestradiol ) that control female sexual development , promoting the growth and function of the female sex organs ( see menstrual cycle ) and female secondary sexual characteristics ( such as breast development ) .
One of a group of steroid hormones , including testoterone and androsterone , that stimulate the development of male sex organs and male secondary sexual characteristics ( e . g . beard growth , deepening of the voice , and muscle development ) .
One of a group of structurally related proteins ( gamma globulins ) that act as antibodies .
One of a group of substances activators that convert the inactive substance plasminogen to the active enzyme plasmin , which digests blood clots ( see fibrinolysis ) .
One of a group of unsaturated fatty acids that are essential for growth but cannot be synthesized by the body .
One of a number of children of the same parents , i . e . a brother or sister .
One of a number of cysts on the neck of the womb , near its opening to the vagina .
One of a number of genes that together control a single characteristic in an individual .
One of a number of illnesses ( currently 48 ) arising as a result of employment requiring close contact with a hazardous substance or circumstance .
One of a number of microscopic hair - like structures ( about 5 m long ) projecting from the surface of epithelial cells ( see epithelium ) .
One of a number of pigments derived from morphine , which are widely distributed in living things .
One of a number of small bones that occur in the cranial sutures .
One of a number of small swellings found at intervals along the lymphatic system .
One of a pair of crescent - shaped cartilages in the knee joint situated between the femur and tibia .
One of a pair of salivary glands situated below the parotid glands .
One of a pair of salivary glands situated in front of each ear .
One of a pair of salivary glands situated in the lower part of the mouth , one on either side of the tongue .
One of a series of hydrocarbones derived from petroleum .
One of a small group of RNA - containing viruses causing poliomyelitis .
One of four paired muscles of the neck ( scalenus anterior , medius , minimus , and posterior ) , extending from the cervical vertebrae to the first and second ribs .
One of many short finger - like proceses that project from some membranous surfaces .
One of numerous contractile filaments found within the cytoplasm of striated muscle cells .
One of several short veins originating within the lobes of the liver as small branches , which unite to form the hepatic veins .
One of the 33 bones of which the backbone is composed .
One of the antibodies occurring naturally in the plasma that cause agglutination of red blood cells of a different group .
One of the antigens naturally occurring on the surface of red blood cells that is attacked by an is agglutinin in blood plasma of a different group , so causing agglutination .
One of the bacteria causing meningitis : Neisseria meningitidis .
One of the basal ganglia : a roughly almond - shaped mass of grey matter deep inside each cerebral hemisphere .
One of the basic contractile units of which striated muscle fibers are composed .
One of the basic functional units of the nervous system : a cell specialized to transmit electrical nerve impulses and so carry information from one part of the body to another ( see illustration ) .
One of the branches into which the axon of a neurone divides at its destination .
One of the cells of the glia , responsible for producing the myelin sheaths of the neurones of the central nervous system and therefore equivalent to the Schwann cells of the peripheral nerves .
One of the conical masses that make up the medulla of the kidney , extending inwards from a base inside the cortex towards the pelvis of the kidney .
One of the cylindrical units of which compact bone is made .
One of the dense collections of grey matter , deep in each cerebral hemisphere , that go to make up the basal ganglia .
One of the divisions of the vermis of the cerebellum in the middle lobe .
One of the elongated bulging areas on the anterior surface of the medulla oblongata in the brain , extending downwards to the spinal cord .
One of the enlarged spaces beneath the arachnoid that act as reservoirs for cerebrospinal fluid .
One of the facts recorder in relation to hospital admission is the length of time between the name being placed on the list and the patient being admitted ( waiting time ) .
One of the faculties by which the qualities of the external environment are appreciated - sight , hearing , smell , taste , or touch .
One of the female sex hormones produced by the ovary .
One of the female sex hormones produced by the ovary .
One of the four fluid - filled cavities within the brain ( see illustration ) .
One of the four parts that fuse during development of form the body of the sternum .
One of the gaps that occur at regular intervals in the myelin sheath of medullated nerve fibres , between adjacent Schwann cells .
One of the great extensor muscles of the legs .
One of the growing number of otherwise unrelated disorders now suspected of being caused by inflammation and destruction of tissues by the body 's own antibodies ( autoantibodies ) .
One of the hard structures in the mouth used for cutting and chewing food .
One of the hormones synthesized and secreted by the thyroid gland ( see thyroid hormone ) .
One of the hormones synthesized and secreted by the thyroid gland .
One of the infoldings of the inner membrane of a mitochondrion .
One of the isomers of the amino acid isoleucine .
One of the long stiff hairs that form a row projecting outwards from the front edge of the upper and lower eyelids .
One of the main divisions of the cerebral cortex in each hemisphere of the brain , lying at the side within the temple of the skull and separated from the frontal lobe by a cleft , the lateral sulcus .
One of the major divisions of each cerebral hemisthere ( see cerebrum ) , lying behind the frontal lobe , above the temporal lobe , and in front of the occipital lobe .
One of the manifestations of temporal lobe epilepsy , in which there is a sudden feeling of unfamiliarity with everyday surroundings .
One of the many cells formed as a result of sporogony during the life cylce of a sporozoan .
One of the many clefts or infoldings of the surface of the brain .
One of the microscopic particles into which the products of fat digestion ( i . e . fatty acids and monoglycerides ) , present in the gut , are dispersed by the action of bile salts .
One of the microscopic threads of cytoplasm found in the cell body of a neurone and also in the axoplasm of peripheral nerves .
One of the minute spines or surface extensions of a dendrite , through which contact is made with another neurone at a synapse .
One of the muscles of the leg that arises from the fibula .
One of the nerves that carry impulses outwards from the central nervous system to bring about activity in a muscle or gland .
One of the nitrogen - containing bases ( see purine ) that occurs in the nucleic acids DNA and RNA .
One of the nitrogen - containing bases ( see purine ) that occurs in the nucleic acids DNA and RNA .
One of the nitrogen - containing bases ( see pyrimidine ) occurring in the mucleic acids DNA and RNA .
One of the nitrogen - containing bases ( see pyrimidine ) occurring in the nucleic acid RNA .
One of the nitrogen - containing bases ( see pyrimidine ) that occurs in the nucleic acid DNA .
One of the pair of organs of respiration , situated in the chest cavity on either side of the heart and enclosed by a serous membranes ( see pleura ) .
One of the paired cavities within the sphenoid bone , at the base of the skull behind the eye sockets , into which blood drains from the brain , eye , nose , and upper cheek before leaving the skull through connections with the internal jugular and facial veins .
One of the patterns of dermal ridges in fingerprints .
One of the pouches on the external surface of the colon .
One of the series of cells that gives rise to the granulocytes ( a type of white blood cell ) .
One of the shorter branching processes of the cell body of a neurone , which makes contact with other neurones at synapses and carries nerve impulses from them into the cell body .
One of the small canals ( diameter about 50m ) that ramify throughout compact bone .
One of the small cells formed in the early development of nerve tissue that eventually become the neurones of the sympathetic nervous system .
One of the small cells produced during the formation of an ovum from an oocyte that does not develop into a functional egg cell .
One of the small oval masses of cells found in the walls of the ganglia of the sympathetic nervous system , near the spinal cord .
One of the small particles of calcium carbonate associated with a macula in the saccule or utricle of the inner ear .
One of the stages that occurs during the asexual phase of the life cycle of a sporozoan .
One of the substances involved in the clotting of blood , important for the activation of plasma thromboplastin .
One of the symptoms of temporal lobe epilepsy , in which the patient performs well - organized movements .
One of the techniques used in massage , in which pinches of the patient 's flesh are taken between finger and thumb and twisted or rolled before release .
One of the thin - walled projections outwards of the arachnoid membrane into the blood - filled sinuses of the dura , acting as a one - way valve for the flow of cerebrospinal fluid from the subarachnoid space into the bloodstream .
One of the threadlike structures in a cell nucleus that carry the genetic information in the form of genes .
One of the two basic classes of glia ( the non - nervous cells of the central nervous system ) , divided into astrocytes and oligodendrocytes .
One of the two basic classes of glia ( the non - nervous cells of the central nervous system ) , having a mainly scavenging function ( see macrophage ) .
One of the two divisions of the autonomic nervous system , having fibres that leave the central nervous system , via a chain of ganglia close to the spinal cord , in the thoracic and lumbar regions .
One of the two divisions of the autonomic nervous system , having fibres that leave the central nervous system from the brain and the lower portion of the spinal cord and are distributed to blood vessels , glands , and the majority of internal organs .
One of the two halves of the cerebrum , not in fact hemispherical but more nearly quarter - spherical .
One of the two main trunks of the lymphatic system .
One of the two paired halves of the cerebrum .
One of the two swellings that develop in the roof of the midbrain during its development in the embryo .
One of the two threadlike strands formed by longitudinal division of a chromosome during mitosis and meiosis .
One of the two types of light - sensitive cells in the retina of the eye ( compare rod ) .
One of the types of light sensitive cells in the retina of the eye ( compare cone ) .
One of the units ( neurones ) that goes to make up the nerve pathway between the brain and an effect or organ , such as a skeletal muscle .
One of these , Mycoplasma pneumoniae , causes a pneumonia - like disease in man .
One of three paired muscles of the buttocks ( gluteus maximus , gluteus medius and gluteus minimus ) .
One of two egg - shaped masses of grey matter that lie deep in the cerebral hemispheres in each side of the forebrain .
One of two muscles ( rhomboid major and rhomboid minor ) situated in the upper part of the back , between the backbone and shoulder blade .
One of two or more alternative forms of a gene , only one of which can be present in a chromosome .
One or more tendon reflexes may be absent .
One or more yellow deposits of fatty material in the skin around the eyes .
One tenth of a bel : a unit for comparing levels of power ( especially sound ) on a logarithmic scale .
One theory is that individuals are genetically predisposed to conditioning of fear to objects that have been a biological threat during the evolution of mankind .
One thousand - millionth of a metre ( 10 - 9m ) , one nanometre is equal to 10 angstrom .
One thousandth of a metre ( 10 - 3 m ) .
One thousandth of an ampere ( 10 - 3 A ) .
Only a fraction of the primary oocytes survive until puberty , and even fewer will be ovulated .
Only a small proportion of alcoholics show this symptom .
Only larval mites of the genus Trombicula are involved as vectors .
Only part of the palate may be affected , or the cleft may extend the full length with bilateral clefts at the front of the maxilla .
Only the top of the head is visible at this stage .
Only very minute quantities if this sugar may be found normally in the urine .
Oophoritis sometimes results from infection of the Fallopian tubes ( see salpingitis ) or the lower part of the abdominal cavity .
Opiates depress the central nervous system : they relieve pain , suppress coughing , and stimulate vomiting .
Optical illusions are perceptions that do not agree with the actual object in the external world .
Optokinetic nystagmus occurs in normal people when they try to look at a succession of objects moving quickly across their line of sight .
Organisms may invade via a wound or bite or through mucous membranes .
Organs and tissues are homogenized to determine their overall content of a particular enzyme or other substance .
Organs may exhibit more than one type of carcinoma , for example , an adeno carcinoma and a squamous carcinoma may be found in the cervix ( but not usually concurrently ) .
Orientation may be disturbed in such conditions as organic brain disease , toxic drug states , and consussion .
Originally , a disease transmitted only by direct physical contact , now usually taken to mean any communicable disease .
Originally it was regarded as the unit of inheritance and mutation but is now usually defined as a piece of DNA or RNA that acts as the unit controlling the formation of a single polypeptide chain ( see cistron ) .
Originally radium was used as the rediation source .
Originating in an organ without external stimulus , like the beating of the heart .
Originating in muscle : applied to the inherent rhythmicity of contraction of some muscles ( e . g . cardiac muscle ) , which does not depend on neural influences .
Originating outside the body or part of the body , applied particularly to substances in the body that are derived from the diet rather than built up by the body 's own processes of metabolism .
Oroya fever ( Carrion 's disease ) , whose symptoms include fever , anaemia , and enlargement of the liver , spleen and lymph nodes , and verruga peruana , characterized by wartlike eruptions on the skin that can bleed easily and ulcerate .
Oroya fever accounts for nearly all fatalities .
Orthoptics also includes the detection and measurement of the degree of such abnormalities .
Orthostatic hypotension , for example , is low blood pressure found in some patients when they stand upright .
Oscilloscopes are used to provide a continuous record of many different measurements , such as the activity of the heart and brain .
Osmium tetroxide evaporates readily , the vapour having a toxic action on the eyes , skin , and respiratory tract .
Osmotic pressure is important for regulating the flow of water between blood and tissue fluid .
Osteitis fibrosa cystica refers to the characteristic cystic changes that occur in bones during long - standing hyperparathyroidism .
Osteoarthritis is recognized on X - ray by narrowing of the joint space ( due to loss of cartilage ) and the presence of osteophytes and irregularity at the bone margins .
Osteoclasts are only found when bone is being resorbed and may be seen in small depressions on the bone surface .
Osteomalacia is most common in the Middle and Far East , particularly in women of child - bearing age in whom calcium is lost from the skeleton during pregnancy .
Osteophyte formation is an X - ray sign of osteoarthritis but is not a cause of symptoms in itself .
Osteoporosis is marked , and the cornea and heart may also develop abnormally .
Osteosarcomas can also occur in soft tissue in elderly patients .
Osteotomy may be needed to correct the deformity and prevent the complication .
Osteotomy of the backbone may be required to correct severe deformity .
Osteotomy of the jaws is performed to improve severe discrepancies in jaw relation .
Other arrhythmias are also frequent ; ectopic beats in the ventricle are especially important as they predispose to ventricula fibrillation .
Other cases requiring hysterectomy include cervical cancer , malignant tumours or precancerous cells in the womb , or severe damage to the womb following a Caesarean section .
Other causative factors include vaginal injury or ulceration , dryness or shrinkage of the lining membrane of the vagina , and inflammation of the vagina or bladder .
Other causes include a benign or malignant tumour of the adrenal gland ( s ) resulting in excess activity of the gland and prolonged therapy with high doses of corticosteroid drugs ( such as prednisone ) .
Other causes include mouth breathing , periodontal disease , and infective conditions of the nose , throat , and lungs ( especially bronchiectasis ) .
Other causes include myocardial infarction , pulmonary embolism , severe infections , allergic reactions , arrhythmias , acute abdominal conditions ( e . g . pancreatitis ) , Addison 's disease , and drugs ( e . g . an overdose of the drugs used to treat hypertension ) .
Other cholinesterases are found in the blood and other tissues .
Other colours are seen as combinations of these three primary colours .
Other complications include heart failure , rupture of the heart , phlebothrombosis , pulmonary embolism , pericarditis , shock , mitral incompetence , and perforation of the septum between the ventricles .
Other complications of gastrectomy include dumping syndrome , anaemia , and malabsorption .
Other constituents are lecithin , cholesterol , and bile salts .
Other disabilities that may occur include involuntary writing movements ( athetosis ) and epilepsy .
Other drugs , e . g . gallamine , suxamethonium , and tubocurarine , paralyse voluntary muscles and are used in addition to anaesthetics to relax the muscles during surgical operations .
Other factors that increase the secretion of sweat include pain , nausea , nervousness , and drugs ( diaphoretics ) .
Other factors to be taken into account are the safety , convenience , cost , and sensitivity of the test .
Other features include enlargement of the spleen and the presence of blood - forming ( myeloid ) tissue in abnormal sites , such as the spleen and liver .
Other fistulas develop as complications of surgery : after gall - bladder surgery , for example , bile may continually escape to the surface through the wound producing a biliary fistula .
Other forms of incubator are used for cultivating bacteria in Petri dishes and for hatching eggs .
Other functions of the lung include water evaporation : an important factor in the fluid balance and heat regulation of the body .
Other hormonal contraceptives include minipills , which rely on a progestogen alone , and injections of progestogen , which need be given only every three months .
Other measures of fertility include the legitimate birth rate ( the number of live births per 1000 women married once and aged 16 to 44 ) and the illegitimate birth rate ( the number of illegitimate per 1000 unmarried women and widows aged 15 to 44 ) .
Other plant glycosides are natural food toxins , present in cassava , almonds , and other plant products , and may yield hydrogen cyanide if the plant is not prepared properly before eating .
Other receptors are sensitive to different specific stimuli , such as pressure or the presence of chemical substance .
Other schools include behaviourism , gestaltism , and psychoanalysis .
Other side - effects are nausea , vomiting , mouth ulcers , and diarrhoea .
Other side - effects include dizziness , blurred vision , tremors , digestive upsets , and lack of muscular coordination .
Other side - effects include nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , fluid retention , and fever .
Other side - effects include nausea , vomiting , loss of appetite , and jaundice .
Other side - effects include nausea , vomiting , loss of hair , and skin reactions .
Other sites include the rectum ( haemorrhoids ) and testes ( varicocele ) .
Other sites of occurrence include the ear , the stomach , and the bowel .
Other Specialists in Community Medicine ( SCM ) have responsibility for advising on and coordinating appropriate services ( e . g . child health , social service , information and planning , and manpower ) .
Other species of Hippelates may be involved in the transmission of conjunctivitis .
Other species of Salmonella cause food poisoning , gastroenteritis , and septicaemia .
Other species produce toxins causing food poisoning .
Other spores are the means by which the organism can spread vegetatively .
Other sympatholytic drugs are beta blockers , which selectively block the beta - adrenergic receptors and principally affect the heart .
Other symptoms include drooping of the upper eyelid ( ptosis ) , double vision , and dysarthria .
Other symptoms include enlargement of the spleen , liver , and lymph nodes .
Other symptoms include enlargement of the spleen and abnormalities of the bone marrow .
Other types of dermatitis can be caused by soaps or detergents ( for example , in nappies ) or by sunlight .
Other vaccines consist of specially treated toxins ( toxoids ) or of dead bacteria that are still antigenic .
Other varieties are talipes varus , in which the sole of the foot is turned inwards , and talipes valgus , in which it is twisted outwards .
Other ways of assisting include referral to one of 26 Employment Rehabilitation Centres for assessment of potential and reaclimatization to a working environment for those who have been absent from work through ill - health over a long period .
Others ( e . g . piperazine ) are anthelmintics .
Others , including sulphaguanidine , are poorly absorbed and are therefore used to treat infections of the gastrointestinal tract , such as bacillary dysentery and gastroenteritis .
Others , the essential amino acids , must be obtained from protein in the diet .
Others are based on ideas that bear no relation to standard medicine .
Others are found in the walls of other large arteries and veins and some within the walls of the heart .
Others are responsible for the transport of lipids , iron , or copper in the blood .
Others are suspected of being so in man , including some papovaviruses , adenoviruses , and herpesviruses .
Others are tumours containing cells that secrete mucus or other substances , and another type of cyst is formed by parasites in the body ( see hydatid cyst ) .
Others are used specifically for petit mal ( e . g . ethosuximide and troxidone ) or for focal and grand mal epilepsy ( e . g . phenytoin , primidone , carbamazepine ) .
Others destroy host tissues and release toxins into the body , thus injuring health and causing disease .
Others have occurred as epidemic , e . g . encephalitis lethargica ( sleepy sickness ) .
Others may be used as antiseptics and disinfectants .
Others may wish for treatment to change the deviation : aversion therapy is used , also conditioning normal sexual fantasies to pleasurable behaviour .
Others produce more general effects and can prove lethal .
Others sense when the natural heart rate falls below a predetermined value and then stimulate the heart ( demand pacemaker ) .
Otherwise gauze packing may be effective in controlling the lose of blood .
Otherwise surgical removal of the growths is necessary .
Otitis externa is inflammation of the canal between the eardrum and the external opening of the ear ( the external auditory meatus ) and is often found in swimmers ( swimmer 's ear ) .
Otitis interna ( labyrinthitis ) is inflammation of the inner ear , causing the sudden onset of vomiting , vertigo , and loss of balance .
Otitis media is inflammation , usually due to viral or bacterial infection , of the middle ear ( the chamber lying behind the eadrum and containing the three bony ossicles that conduct sound to the inner ear ) .
Out - patient services include consultation with designated specialists by prior appointment , X - ray , laboratory tests , physiotherapy , and accident and emergency services for those requiring urgent care .
Outbreaks are rare in good sanitary conditions .
Outside agencies ( e . g . social services ) are included when appropriate .
Outside the central nervous system the chief neurotransmitter is acetylcholine .
Outward bulging of the base of a deep ulcer of the cornea .
Oval masses of lymphoid tissue on the mucous membrane lining the small intestine .
Over 100 other substances are usually present , but only in trace amounts .
Over 80 diseases may cause arthritis , including rheumatoid arthritis , osteoarthritis , gout , tuberculosis , and other infections .
Over a period of time this contracts , producing a firm mass that seals the damaged blood vessels .
Over the following 2 - 3 weeks symptoms slowly decline but the cough may persist for many weeks .
Over the next 8 - 9 days all the spots ( macules ) change to pimples ( papules ) , then to pea - sized blisters that are at first watery ( vesicles ) but soon become pus - filled ( pustules ) .
Overactivity of the parathyroid glands .
Overactivity of the thyroid gland , either due to a tumour , overgrowth of the gland , or Graves 's disease .
Overdosage has serious effects ( see barbiturism ) .
Overflow incontinence is leakage from a full bladder , which occurs most commonly in old men with bladder outflow obstruction or in patients with neurological conditions affecting bladder control .
Overgrowth and distortion of skull bones ( see leontiasis ) .
Overgrowth of bone as seen in X - rays near a joint margin .
Overgrowth of cells of the reticuloendothelial system , causing either isolated swelling of the bone marrow ( eosinophilic granuloma ) or destruction of the bones of the skull ( Hand - Schuller - Christian disease ) .
Overgrowth of the skull bones , said to resemble the appearance of a lion 's head .
Overgrowth or disturbed growth of the yellow ( elastic ) fibres in connective tissue , especially endocardial fibroelastosis , overgrowth and thickening of the wall of the heart 's left ventricle .
Overproduction of aldosterone , one of the hormones secreted by the adrenal cortex , leading to abnormalities in the amounts of sodium , potassium , and water in the body .
Overproduction of these white cells , which are immature or abnormal forms , suppresses the production of normal white cells , red cells and platelets .
Overuse for long periods leads to mental dullness , weakness , drowsiness , loss of sensation , slurred speech , and sometimes coma .
Ovulation generally occurs at the midpoint of each cycle , and in women with regular periods it is possible to calculate the days at the beginning and end of the cycle when coitus is unlikely to result in pregnancy .
Ovulation is stimulated by the secretion of luteinizing hormone by the anterior pituitary gland .
Oxalic acid is a powerful local irritant ; when swallowed it produces burning sensations in the mouth and throat , vomiting of blood , breathing difficulties , and circulatory collapse .
Oxidation of the keratin in the blackhead is the cause of the black coloration .
Oxygen and nutrients diffuse through the capillary walls into the liver cells .
Oxygen is administered therapeutically in various conditions in which the tissues are unable to obtain an adequate supply through the lungs ( see oxygenator , oxygen tent ) .
Oxygen is essential to most forms of life in that it combines chemically with glucose ( or some other fuel ) to provide energy for metabolic processes .
Oxygenated blood is supplied in the hepatic artery .
Oxyhaemoglobin is the form in which oxygen is transported from the lungs to the tissues , where the oxygen is released .
Oxytocin may be given by mouth or injection to assist labour .
Ozone is a very powerful oxidizing agent and is formed when oxygen or air is subjected to electric discharge .
Ozone is found in the atmosphere at very high altitudes and is responsible for destroying a large proportion of the sun 's ultraviolet radiation .
P . irritans , the human flea , is a common parasite of human and its bite may give rise to intense irritation and bacterial infection .
P . megistus is important in transmitting Chagas 's disease to man in Brazil .
P . pseudomallei is the causative agent of melioidosis .
P . ventricosus occasionally attacks man and causes an allergic dermatitis called grain itch .
Paedophiles may seek treatment because of society 's disapproval : behaviour therapy can be used , or the sexual drive can be reduced by drug treatment .
Pain , paralysis , and other features may be eliminated by returning the victim to a higher atmospheric pressure and reducing this gradually , so causing the bubbles to redissolve .
Pain , redness , and swelling of the foreskin occurs due to bacterial infection .
Pain : one of the classical signs in inflammation in a tissue , the other three being calor , rubor , and tumor .
Pain an the lowermost segment of the spine ( coccyx ) and the neighbouring area .
Pain at the back of the mouth , commonly due to bacterial or viral infection of the tonsils ( tonsillitis ) or the pharynx ( pharyngitis ) .
Pain felt down the back and outer side of the thigh , leg , and foot .
Pain felt in a part of the body other than where it might be expected .
Pain in a joint , without swelling or other signs of arthritis .
Pain in the centre of the chest , which is induced by exercise and relieved by rest and may spread to the jaws and arms .
Pain in the eye caused by very bright light .
Pain in the lower abdomen experienced about midway between successive menstrual periods , i . e . when the egg cell is being released from the ovary .
Pain in the teeth due to change in atmospheric pressure during air travel or the ascent of a mountain .
Pain is relieved by wearing a collar ( when the neck region is affected ) or a surgical belt ( for the lower spine ) , which presents movement .
Pain localized to the ribs . This term is now rarely used .
Pain may seem to come from the amputated part .
Pain resulting from obstruction of the gall bladder or common bile duct , usually by a stone .
Painful or difficult sexual intercourse experienced by a woman .
Painful paroxysmal dilation of the blood vessels of the skin , usually affecting the feet and extremities .
Painful tingling and numbness felt over the outer surface of the thigh when the lateral cutaneous nerve is trapped as it passes through the fibrous and muscular tissues of the thigh .
Pains in the womb during the first few days after child - birth , caused by contraction of the womb muscles as its nonpregnant dimensions are restored .
Paints usually contain antiseptics , astringents , caustics , or analgesics .
Palliatives are often used in the treatment of such diseases as cancer .
Pallor may be associated with an indoor mode of life .
Palpation is also used to discover the presence of a fetus in the womb ( see ballottement ) .
Pancreatin is administered for conditions in which pancreatic secretion is deficient ; for example , in pancreatitis .
Pantothenic acid is widely distributed in food and a deficiency is therefore unlikely to occur .
Papillomas , which develop from the epidermis , are usually in the form of a conical , flattish , or stalked protuberance , 2 - 5 mm in diameter .
Paraffin wax ( hard paraffin ) , a whitish mixture of solid hydrocarbons melting at 45 - 60oC , is used in medicine mainly as a base for ointments .
Paragonimiasis is treated with the drugs bithionol and chloroquine .
Parallel metal rods driven through the ends of two bones that are to be joined to form an arthrodesis .
Paralysis . This archaic word is retained in compound terms , such as Bell 's palsy , cerebral palsy , and Todd 's palsy .
Paralysis involving both sides of the body and affecting the legs more severely than arms .
Paralysis of both legs , usually due to disease or injury of the spinal cord .
Paralysis of the ciliary muscle of the eye ( see ciliary body ) .
Paralysis of the facial nerve causing weakness of the muscles of one side of the face and an inability to close the eye .
Paralysis of the iris which is usually associated with cycloplegia and results from injury , inflammation , or the use of drugs in the eye .
Paralysis of the limbs not associated with organic abnormalities .
Paralysis of the muscle that raise the wrist , which is caused by damage to the radial nerve .
Paralytic or adynamic ileus is functional obstruction of the ileum due to loss of intestinal movement ( peristalsis ) , which may be caused by abdominal surgery ( see laparotomy ) , spinal injuries , deficiency of potassium in the blood ( hypokalaemia ) , or peritonitis .
Paralytic poliomyelitis is much less common .
Paramedical personnel in a hospital include the nurses , radiographers , physiotherapists , and dietitians .
Paraproteins appear in malignant disease of the spleen , bone marrow , liver , etc .
Paraquat poisoning is almost invariably fatal .
Parasites in the blood of an infected person are taken into the stomach of the mosquito as it feeds .
Parasympathetic nerve endings release acetylcholine .
Parasympatholytic drugs are anticholinergic .
Parasympathomimetic drugs are hidrotics .
Parasympathomimetic drugs have this action .
Parkinsonism is a disease affecting the basal ganglia of the brain for which in many cases no cause can be found .
Part of it is excreted in the faeces ( a trace may also appear in the urine ) .
Part of it is reabsorbed and returned to the liver .
Part of it may also contribute towards the vagina .
Part of Meckel 's cartilage develops into the malleus ( an ear ossicle ) in the adult .
Part of the forebrain , consisting of a narrow band of nerve tissue in the roof of the third ventricle ( including the region where the choroid plexus is attached ) and the pineal body .
Part of the hind - brain formed by the pons and the cerebellum and continuous below with the medulla oblongata .
Part of the interior of the eye that is situated opposite the pupil .
Partial colectomy is removal of a segment of the colon .
Partial hepatectomy is the removal of one or more lobes of the liver ; it may be carried out after severe injury or to remove a tumour localized in one part of the liver .
Partial obstruction of breathing in infants , caused by the common cold .
Partial or complete absence of the bones of the rear of the skull and of the cerebral hemispheres of the brain .
Partial or complete obstruction of the anus : a condition , discovered at birth , due to failure of the anus to develop normally in the embryo .
Partial or total inability to perform a social , occupational , or other activity .
Partial or total loss of hearing in one or both ears .
Partial removal of the nerve produces the same results as phrenemphraxis and division ( phrenicotomy ) .
Particles occurring in the nucleus and cytoplasm of cells usually as a result of virus infection .
Particles that occur in the cells of skin rashes in patients with cowpox or smallpox .
Partrial dislocation of a joint , so that the bone ends are misaligned but still in contact .
Parts of it develop into the kidney , ovary , or testis and their associated ducts .
Passive immunity , which is only short - lived , is provided by injecting ready - made antibodies in antiserum taken from another person or animal already immune .
Passive immunity , which is temporary , may be conferred by the injection of an antiserum , but the production of active immunity calls for the use of treated antigens , to stimulate the body to produce its own antibodies .
Passive movements are induced by manipulation of the joints by a physiotherapist .
Pathogenic organisms present in soil , organisms from animal intermediate hosts , or those living as commensals on the body can also cause infections .
Pathological imitation of the actions of another person .
Pathological repetition of the words spoken by another person .
Patients are given aspirin and codeine to relieve the pain and calamine lotion is helpful in easing the irritating rash .
Patients become mildly jaundiced , especially if they fast or have some minor infection .
Patients hypersensitive to penicillins may suffer allergic reactions .
Patients hypersensitive to the penicillins suffer allergic reactions .
Patients may be detected by identification of the Australia antigen in their blood .
Patients must usually be treated by psychotherapy .
Patients suffering from digitalis poisoning may see things in green or yellow .
Patients who are dissatisfied with treatment may be advised by the CHC as to how to submit complaints to the DHA .
Patients with diabetes mellitus suffer from a form of acidosis in which sodium , potassium , and ketone bodies are lost in the urine .
Patients with kidney disease it may damage the red blood cells .
Patients with such symptoms are usually treated with psychotherapy .
Patients with the major disease are treated with repeated blood transfusions .
Pellagra results from the consumption of a diet that is poor in either nicotinic acid or the amino acid tryptophan , from which nicotinic acid can be synthesized in the body .
Pelvimetry helps in determining whether it will be possible for a fetus to be delivered in the normal way .
Penetration stimulates the completion of meiosis and the formation of the second polar body .
Penicillin is used to arrest the progression of this illness .
People high in extroversion ( extroverts ) , as measured by questionnaires and tests , are gregarious and outgoing , prefer to change activities frequently , and are not susceptible to permanent conditioning .
People high in introversion ( introverts ) , as measured by questionnaires and psychological tests , tend to have a small circle of friends , like to persist in activities once they have started , and are highly susceptible to permanent conditioning .
People who cannot tolerate their onw feelings ( e . g . anger ) may cope by imagining that other people have those feelings ( e . g . are persecuting ) .
People who lack the factor are termed Rh - negative .
People with high scores in neuroticism are anxious and intense and more prone to develop neurosis .
People with such highly sensitive skin can " write " on it with a finger or blunt instrument , the pressure producing lasting weals .
People with such vision match any given colour by a mixture of the two they can distinguish .
People woken up during this stage of sleep generally report that they were dreaming at the time .
Perception of a single sound as double owing to a defect of the cochlea in the inner ear .
Perception of the shape , depth , and distance of an object as a result of having binocular vision .
Perceptive deafness is due to a lesion of the cochlea in the inner ear , the auditory nerve , or the auditory centres in the brain .
Perfix denoting glia , a glutinous substance .
Perforation may also be caused accidentally by instruments , for example a gastroscope may perforate the stomach , a curette may perforate the womb or by injury ; for example to the eardrum .
Perforation of a peptic ulcer or a severely infected appendix , or rupture of the liver or spleen following a crushing injury , all produce an acute abdomen requiring urgent treatment .
Perianal haematomas are caused by the rupture of a small vein in the anus .
Pericardinal effusions may by aspirated by a needle inserted through the chest wall .
Pericarditis may be seen alone or as part of pancarditis ( see endomyocarditis ) .
Pericystitis associated with a pelvic ascess clears when the abscess is surgically drained .
Periodontal disease includes gingivitis and the more advanced stage of peridontitis , which results in the formation of spaces between the gums and the teeth ( periodontal pockets ) , the loss of some fibres that attach the tooth to the jaw , and the loss of bone .
Peripheral vasodilators , such as cyclandelate , phenoxybenzamine , and tolazoline , affect the blood vessels of the limbs and are used to treat conditions of poor circulation such as acrocyanosis , chilblains , and Raynaud 's disease .
Perleche may be caused by persistent lip licking or by a vitamin - deficient diet .
Permanent immobilization of a joint is achieved by the operation of arthrodesis .
Permanent redness and swelling of the nose .
Pernicious anaemia is characterized by defective production of red blood cells and the presence of megaloblasts in the bone marrow .
Perniosis includes such conditions as chilbrains , acrocyanosi , erythrocyanosis , and Raynaud 's disease .
Persistence of childlike physical or psychological characteristics into adult life .
Persistent hardening and contraction of the body 's connective tissue .
Persons seeking help for their homosexuality may benefit from counselling to reduce their anxiety and guilt , rather than trying to change their sexual behaviour .
Persuative methods used to encourage people ( either individually or collectively ) to adopt life styles that the educators believe will improve health and to reject habits regarded as harmful to health or likely to shorten life expectancy .
PET examinations are employed in the diagnosis and treatment of patients suffering from cerebral palsy and similar types of brain damage .
Petechiae occur , for example , in the purpuras .
Petit mal often subsides spontaneously in adult life .
Petit mal seldom appears before the age of three or after adolescence .
Phagocytes include many white blood cells ( see leucocyte ) and macrophages , which play a major role in the body 's defence mechanism .
Phagocytic cells that line the sinusoids of the liver ( see macrophage ) .
Phlebitis may also complicate sepsis ( see pylephlebitis ) or cancer , especially of the stomach , bronchus , or pancreas .
Phlyctens , which are prone to recur , are thought to be due to a type of allergy to the tubercle bacillus .
Phormia and Wohlfahrtia infest open wounds and ulcers .
Phosphatases are important in the absorption and metabolism of carbohydrates , nucleotides , and phospholipids and are essential in the calcification of bone .
Phospholipids are constituents of all tissues and organs , especially the brain .
Phosphorus compounds are major constituents in the tissues of both plants and animals .
Phosphorylase is found in the liver and kidney , where it is involved in the breakdown of glycogen to glucose - 1 - phosphate .
Photoautotrophic organisms , including green plants and some bacteria , derive their energy from sunlight .
Photophobia may be associated with dilation of the pupils as a result of drug administration or with migraine , measles , German measles , or meningitis .
Phthiriasis can be treated with applications containing gamma benzene hexachloride .
Physical stimulation of the male or female external genital organs in order to produce sexual pleasure , which may result in orgasm .
Physiological activation of the cerebral cortex by centres lower in the brain , such as the reticular activating system , resulting in wakefulness and alertness . It is hypothesized that unduly high or low degrees of arousal lead to neuropsychiatric problems , such as narcolepsy and mania .
Physiological changes can include increases in heart rate , blood pressure , sweating , etc .
Physiologically important pigments include the blood pigments ( especially haemoglobin ) , bile pigments , and retinal pigment ( see rhodopsin ) .
Physiotherapists and ostheopaths use manipulation to restore normal working to stiff joints .
Physostigmine prolongs the activity of acetylcholine by blocking cholinesterase .
Pigmentation may be produced by natural pigments , such as bile pigments ( as in jaundice ) or melanin , or by foreign material , such as lead or arsenic in chronic poisoning .
Pigmented areas of melanin in the mucous membrane lining the inside of the cheeks .
Pigmented patches on the skin ( café au lait spots ) are commonly found .
Pimples occurring in large numbers on the chest , back , and face are usually decribed as acne , a common condition of adolescence .
Pinkish during pregnancy , they become white after delivery .
Pinta is rarely disabling or fatal and is treated successfully with penicillin .
Pinworms cause enterobiasis , a disease common in children throughout the world .
Pitting oedema is swelling of the tissues due to excess fluid in which fingertip pressure leaves temporary indentations in the skin .
Pituitary dwarfs have a deficiency of growth hormone due to a defect in the pituitary gland .
Pityriasis alba is a very common condition in children and adolescents in which uneven round pale macules appear on the face .
Plainly to be seen or detected : applied to diseases with observable signs and symptoms , as opposed to those whose presence may not be suspected for years despite the fact that they cause insidious damage .
Planned home deliveries are comparatively rare , the work of domiciliary midwives is mainly concerned with antenatal and postnatal care , espcially in those discharged 48 hours or less after delivery , and in some cases conducting deliveries in community hospitals .
Plantar flexion is the bending of the toes ( or fingers ) downwards , towards the sole ( or palm ) .
Plantar warts occur on the sole of the foot .
Plasmin is not normally present in the blood but exists as an inactive precursor , plasminogen .
Plastic surgery of the breasts , in order to alter their shape or increase or decrease their size .
Plastic surgery of the roof of the mouth , usually to correct cleft palate or other defects present at birth .
Platelets are formed as fragments of cytoplasm shed from giant cells ( megakaryocytes ) in the bone marrow by a budding process .
Pleomorphic rhabdomyosarcoma occurs in late middle age , in the muscles of the limbs .
Pleurisy is always associated with some other disease in the lung , chest wall , diaphragm , or abdomen .
Plucking at the bedclothes by a delirious patient .
Pneumocephalus can best be detected by plain X - rays of the skull , which show air and a fluid level inside a cavity .
Pneumoconiosis occurring in stone cutters , a variety of silicosis .
Pneumonia and pleurisy may form part of the syndrome .
Poikilocytes may be classified into a variety of types on the basis of their shaped ; for example elliptocytes ( ellipsoid ) and schistocytes ( semilunar ) .
Poikilocytosis is particularly marked in myelofibrosis but can occur to some extent in almost any blood disease .
Poisoning by a toxin formed within the body , in contrast to a substance swallowed or absorbed from outside .
Poisoning by inhalation of beryllium or its compounds .
Poisoning caused by an overdose of cinchona or the alkaloids quinine , quinidine , or cinchonine derived from it .
Poisoning caused by eating rye infected with the fungus ergot .
Poisoning causes painful muscular spasms similar to those of tetanus .
Poisoning due to an overdose of aspirin or other salicylate - containing compounds .
Poisoning from the effects of eating or smoking opium or the products derived from it , especially morphine .
Poisonous alkaloid derived from tobacco , responsible for the dependence of regular smokers on cigarettes .
Poisonous to tissues , applied to certain substances and conditions .
Pollens , fur , feathers , mould , and dust may cause hay fever .
Polycythaemia very may be treated by blood - letting , but more severe cases are best treated by radiotherapy .
Polymers made up of a single type of monomer are known as homopolymers those of two or more monomers as heteropolymers .
Polymers may have molecular weights from a few thousands to many millions .
Polymyositis is the most commonly occurring example , but myositis may be found in relation to systemic collagen disorders and a minority are caused by bacterial or parasitic infections .
Polyostotic fibrous dysplasia involves many bones .
Polyps are commonly found in the nose and sinuses , giving rise to obstruction , chronic infection , and discharge .
Polyps are usually removed surgically ( see polypectomy ) .
Polysaccharides have two important functions : ( 1 ) as storage forms of energy ; for example glycogen in animals and man and starch in plants , and ( 2 ) as structural elements ; for example mucopolysaccharides in animals and man and cellulose in plants .
Pompholyx is commonest in early adulthood and attacks occur suddenly , lasting up to six weeks .
Poor oral hygiene is a major contributory factor , but the resistance of the patients has some influence .
Poor sight , not due to any detectable disease if the eyeball or visual system .
Porocephaliasis has been occasionally reported in negroes of central Africa .
Portal hypertension is a frequent result .
Possessing the ability to respond to a stimulus .
Possible complication of thiopentone anaesthesia include respiratory depression , laryngeal spasm , and thrombophlebitis .
Possible complications are bleeding or , later , anal stricture .
Possible side - effects are nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , and occasional hypersensitivity reactions .
Possible side - effects include skin rashes ( after oral administration ) and local irritation ( with vaginal tablets ) .
Possible side - effects of hydrocortisone therapy include peptic ulcers , bone and muscle damage , suppression of growth in children , and the signs of Cushing 's syndrome .
Postherpetic neuralgia is an intense debilitating pain felt at the site of a previous attack of shingles .
Postmenopausal vaginitis is caused by a deficiency of female sex hormones .
Posture and speech may be severely affected .
Poultices containing kaolin retain heat for a considerable period during use .
Power - driven keratomes have oscillating or rotating blades .
Powerful biting forceps for cutting tissue , particularly bone .
Powerful contraction of the intestine , usually accompanied by pain .
Powerful drugs , including cortisosteroids , are now available to control asthmatic attacks , which may be very serious and prolonged ( see status asthmaticus ) .
Pre - eclampsia sometimes develops into a much more serious condition involving convulsions ( see eclampsia ) .
Precipitated toxoids are used against diphtheria and tetanus .
Precocious sexual development and apparent masculinization in girls , caused by overproduction of hormones by the adrenal cortex in infancy .
Precognition is extrasensory perception of future events .
Prefix denoting difference ; dissimilarity .
Prefix denoting the loin , lumbar region .
Prefix denoting ( in medicine ) the right or left half of the body .
Prefix denoting . 1. the left side . 2. ( in chemistry ) levorotation .
Prefix denoting 1. a blood clot ( thrombus ) . 2. thrombosis . 3. blood platelets .
Prefix denoting 1. a sinus . 2. the sinus venosus .
Prefix denoting 1. above ; overlying . 2. extreme or excessive .
Prefix denoting 1. chlorine or chlorides . 2. green .
Prefix denoting 1. fire . 2. a burning sensation . 3. fever .
Prefix denoting 1. first . 2. primitive ; early . 3. a precursor .
Prefix denoting 1. flesh or fleshy tissue . 2. muscle .
Prefix denoting 1. good , well , or easy . 2. normal .
Prefix denoting 1. hardening or thickening . 2. the sclera . 3. sclerosis .
Prefix denoting 1. lack of colour , white . 2. leucocytes .
Prefix denoting 1. many ; multiple . 2. excessive . 3. generalized ; affecting many parts .
Prefix denoting 1. poisonous ; toxic . 2. toxins or poisoning .
Prefix denoting 1. putrefaction . 2. decaying matter .
Prefix denoting 1. radiation . 2. radioactive substances .
Prefix denoting 1. reduction or diminution . 2. rudimentary .
Prefix denoting 1. scars ; scar tissue . 2. the gums .
Prefix denoting 1. section or sections . 2. surgical operation .
Prefix denoting 1. slender ; thin . 2. small . 3. mild , slight .
Prefix denoting 1. small size . 2. one millionth part .
Prefix denoting 1. sperm . 2. organs or ducts associated with sperm .
Prefix denoting 1. tears . 2. the lacrimal apparatus .
Prefix denoting 1. the Fallopian tube 2. the auditory tube .
Prefix denoting 1. the mind ; psyche . 2. psychology .
Prefix denoting 1. the mind or mental activity . 2. ideas .
Prefix denoting 1. the palate . 2. the palatine bone .
Prefix denoting 1. the presence of air or gas . 2. respiration .
Prefix denoting 1. the spinal cord . 2. bone marrow . 3. myelin .
Prefix denoting 1. the spine . 2. the spinal cord .
Prefix denoting 1. the squamous portion of the temporal bone . 2. squamous epithelium .
Prefix denoting 1. the temple . 2. the temporal lobe of the brain .
Prefix denoting 1. through . 2. throughout or completely . 3. apart .
Prefix denoting a monster or congenital abnormality .
Prefix denoting a nitrogenous compound , such as urea .
Prefix denoting a tube , especially a Fallopian tube or auditory tube ( meatus ) .
Prefix denoting a tube or long cavity , especially the central canal of the spinal cord .
Prefix denoting a tumour , prefix denoting volume .
Prefix denoting a ventricle ( of the brain or heart ) .
Prefix denoting a vertebra or the spine .
Prefix denoting all ; every : hence ( in medicine ) affecting all parts of an organ or the body : generalized .
Prefix denoting an anatomical angle or corner .
Prefix denoting an atrium , especially the atrium of the heart .
Prefix denoting breathing ; respiration .
Prefix denoting colour or pigmentation .
Prefix denoting connective tissue , particularly ligaments .
Prefix denoting difficult , abnormal , or impaired .
Prefix denoting disease , disorder , or abnormality .
Prefix denoting equality , uniformity , or similarity .
Prefix denoting extremely small size , prefix denoting one thousand - millionth part ( 10 - 9 ) .
Prefix denoting few , prefix denoting a deficiency .
Prefix denoting first , beginning , primitive , ancestral .
Prefix denoting immunity or immunological response .
Prefix denoting imperfect or incomplete development .
Prefix denoting lymph or the lymphatic system .
Prefix denoting more than one ; several .
Prefix denoting nerves or the nervous system .
Prefix denoting one , single , or alone .
Prefix denoting one million - millionth ( 10 - 12 ) .
Prefix denoting opposed to , counteracting , relieving .
Prefix denoting peculiarity to the individual .
Prefix denoting smell or odour , prefix denoting osmosis or osmotic pressure .
Prefix denoting superficial resemblance to ; false .
Prefix denoting suppression or deficiency .
Prefix denoting the grey matter of the nervous system .
Prefix denoting the pterygoid process of the sphenoid bone .
Prefix denoting the reproductive organs .
Prefix denoting the styloid process of the temporal bone .
Prefix denoting the testis or testicle .
Prefix denoting the xiphoid process of the sternum .
Prefix denoting thickening of a part or parts , the dura mater .
Prefix denoting urine or the urinary system .
Prefix denoting variation ; irregularity .
Prefix denoting water or a watery fluid .
Prefix denoting women or the female reproductice organs .
Pregnancy lasts for approximately 226 days , from conception until the baby is born , and the fetus normal develops in the womb ( compare ectopic pregnancy ) .
Pregnenolone is an important intermediate product in steroid hormone synthesis and can - depending on the pathways followed - be converted to corticosteroids ( glucocorticoids or mineralocorticoids ) , androgens , or oestrogens .
Premature ageing of the mind and body , so that a person shows the reduction in mental and physical abilities normally found only in old age .
Premature closing of the sutures between the cranial bones during development , resulting in deformities of the skull .
Premedication usually comprises injection of a sedative , to calm the patient down , together with a drug , such as atropine , to dry up the secretions of the lungs ( which might otherwise by inhaled during anaesthesia ) .
Premises registered to dispense medicines and sell poisons .
Preoccupation with the physical functioning of the body and with fancied ill health .
Preparation used to kill destructive or disease carrying insects .
Preparations of dextran solution are used in transfusions , to increase the volume of plasma .
Presenile dementia occurs in young or middle - aged people .
Pressure is highest during systole , when the ventricles are contracting ( systolic pressure ) , and lowest during diastole , when the ventricles are relaxing and refilling ( diastolic pressure ) .
Pressure on a nerve root causes sciatica , and if severe may damage the nerve 's function , leading to abnormalities or loss of sensation , muscle weakness , or loss of tendon reflexes .
Pretending to be ill , usually in order to avoid work or gain attention .
Preventative and curative treatment relies on such drugs as chloroquine , mepacrine , and proguanil .
Prevention is by removal of gallstones and avoidance of alcohol and fat .
Preventive measures in the UK include the detection of carriers X - ray screening of vulnerable populations and inoculation with BCG vaccine of those with no immunity to the disease ( the tuberculin test identifies which people require vaccination ) .
Primary glaucoma occurs increasingly with age and is an important cause of blindness .
Primary oocytes develop from oogonia in the fetal ovary as they enter the early stages of meiosis .
Primary peritonitis is caused by bacteria spread via the bloodstream : examples are pneumococcal peritonitis and tuberculous peritonitis .
Primordial dwarfs have a genetic defect in their response to growth hormone .
Primordial germ cells multiply to form oogonia , which start their first meiotic division to become oocytes in the fetus .
Primordial germ cells that have migrated to the embryonic ovary multiply to form numerous small oogonia .
Principal side - effects are drowsiness , dizziness , and dryness of the mouth and throat .
Prior to 1974 they were employed either by voluntary agencies on repayment from local health authorities or by these authorities directly .
Problems associated with risk registers include limiting the designation of predisposing conditions so as to contain the number on the register within reasonable proportions and ensuring that children not on the register receive adequate surveillance .
Procedures used in an emergency to help a wounded or ill patient before the arrival of a doctor or admission to hospital .
Proctitis is invariably present in ulcerative colitis and sometimes in Crohn 's disease , but may occur independently ( idiopathic proctitis ) .
Produced artificially , either deliberately or by accident , and therefore not to be taken into account when the results of an experiment are considered or a diagnosis is being made .
Produced by , originating in , or carried by the blood .
Production of melanin in the skin is increased by the action of sunlight ( producing tanning ) , which protects the underlying skin layer from the sun 's radiation .
Professional misconduct : treatment falling short of the standards of skill and care that can reasonably be expected form a qualified practitioner .
Progestogens also alter the lining of the womb and the viscosity of mucus in its outlet , the cervix , so that conception is less likely should ovulation occur .
Progestogens are used to treat threatened or habitual abortion , premenstrual tension , amenorrhoea , and abnormal bleeding from the womb .
Progressive perceptive deafness ( presbyacusis ) is common with advancing age .
Projection of any other part , e . g . of the brain ( apophysis cerebri : the pineal body ) .
Prolapse of the base of the bladder in women .
Prolonged administration may lead to dependence .
Prolonged administration may lead to dependence and its use with alcohol should be avoided .
Prolonged bed rest , darkness , and quiet is the only treatment .
Prolonged bed rest , heart failure , pregnancy , injury , and surgery predispose to thrombosis by encouraging sluggish blood flow .
Prolonged deficiency of the vitamin may eventually lead to death .
Prolonged large doses may cause damage to the bone marrow .
Prolonged painful contraction of a muscle .
Prolonged treatment with drugs , including emetine and tetracyclines , is usually effective in treating the condition .
Prolonged use and large doses may cause mental depression and dependence .
Prolonged use may lead to dependence and overdosage has serious toxic effects ( see barbiturism ) .
Prolonged use may lead to dependence and overdosage has serious toxic effects ( see barbiturism ) .
Prolonged use of these sulphonamides may lead to the development of resistant stains of microorganisms in the gut .
Promethazine is administered by mouth or injection ; side - effects include drowsiness , dizziness , and confusion .
Prominent quivering of a few muscle fibres , not associated with any other abnormal features .
Promoting tissue growth by increasing the metabolic processes involved in protein synthesis .
Prompt treatment by antibiotics may be effective , but more frequently the abscess requires surgical drainage .
Prompt treatment of the underlying renal infection is required to prevent progression to an abscess .
Prompt treatment with amyl nitrite and sodium thiosulphate or cobalt EDTA may save life .
Promyelocytes are normally found in the blood - forming tissue of the bone marrow but may appear in the blood in a variety of diseases .
Prone to respond abnormally to the presence of a particular antigen , which may cause a variety of tissue reactions ranging from serum sickness to an allergy ( such as hay fever ) or , at the severest , to anaphylactic shock ( see anaphylaxis ) .
Proprioceptors located in muscles and tendons transmit information that is used to coordinate muscular activity ( see stretch receptor , tendon organ ) .
Prostaglandins have many actions , one of which is cause contraction of the womb : for this reason they have been used therapeutically to aid labour and induce abortion .
Prostheses include dentures , artificial limbs , hearing aids , implanted pacemakers , and many other substitutes for parts of the body that are missing or nonfunctional .
Protamine can also be combined with insulin to form protamine zinc insulin , which - when injected - is absorbed much more slowly than ordinary insulin and thus reduces the frequency of injections .
Protected against a particular infection by the presence of specific antibodies against the organisms concerned .
Protein forming the major constituent of elastic tissue fibres .
Proteins are essential constituents of the body .
Proteins are synthesized in the body from their constituent amino acids , which are obtained from the digestion of protein in the diet .
Protrusion of the eyeballs in their sockets .
Protrusion of the intestines through the abdominal wall .
Protrusion of the lining of the oesophagus through a tear in its muscular wall .
Protrusion of the womb into the vagina , which consequently becomes displaced downwards .
Provision of contraceptive methods within a community or nation .
Prurigo may occur in association with hay fever or asthma or start in warm weather .
Pruritus of the anal region may be due to poor hygiene , haemorrhoids , or the presence of intestinal worms .
Pruritus of the vulva in women may be due to vaginal infection , in some cases caused by yeast organisms that flourish in diabetes , when the urine contains sugar .
Pseudopodia engulf bacteria and other particles as food and are responsible for the movements of the cell .
Psoriasis is one of the commonest skin diseases in Britain , affecting about 1 % of the population , but its cause is not known .
Psychedelic drugs , which include lysergic acid diethylamide ( LSD ) and cannabis are hallucinogens and are used legally only for experimental purposes .
Psychiatrists believe that the repressed instinctual drive is manifested as motor or sensory loss , such as paralysis , rather than as speech or action .
Psychoanalysis employs the technique of free association in the course of intensive psychotherapy in order to bring repressed fears and conflicts to the conscious mind , where they can be dealt with ( see repression ) .
Psychoanalytic theorists hold that conscious ideas frequently act as symbols for unconscious thoughts and this is particularly evident in dreaming , ion free association , and in the formation of psychological symptoms .
Psychological ( as opposed to physical ) methods for the treatment of mental disorders and psychological problems .
Psychological or physical factors may be responsible ( see vaginismus ) .
Psychological treatments sometimes have a marked effect , but are usually much less effective than physical treatments for such illnesses .
Psychomotor retardation is a marked slowing down of activity and speech , which can reach a degree where a patient can no longer care for himself .
Psychopaths tend to respond poorly to treatment but many mature as they age .
Psychoses not typical of either of these also occur : aneroid psychosis is characterized by an acute dreamlike confused state ; cycloid psychosis by a tendency to recur ; and schizoaffective psychosis by the presence of both schizophrenic and manic - depressive qualities .
Psychotherapy and drug therapy are also useful .
Psychotherapy is only occasionally necessary .
Ptosis may also occur as an isolated congenital feature or as part of a disease of the eye muscles , when it is associated with weak or absent eye movements .
Pubiotomy is performed during childbirth if necessary to increase the size of an abnormally small pelvis to allow passage of the child .
Puerperal endometritis is an acute form developing immediately after childbirth .
Pulmonary hypertension develops and heart failure may occur with large shunts .
Pulmonary hypertension may complicate pulmonary embolism , septal defects , heart failure , diseases of the mitral valve , and chronic lung diseases .
Pulmonary interstitial fibrosis is thickening and stiffening of the lining of the air sacs ( alveoli ) of the lungs , causing progressive breathlessness .
Puncture wounds need careful treatment as a small entry hole in the skin can disguise serious injury in an underlying organ or tissue .
Punctures are also performed for diagnostic purposes , in order to withdraw tissue or fluid for examination .
Purging or cleansing out of the bowels by giving the patient a laxative ( cathartic ) to stimulate intestinal activity .
Purified penicillinase , obtained from a strain of Bacillus cereus , may be used to treat reactions to penicillin .
Purplish tumours develop and then ulcerate .
Purpura may be due either to defects in the capillaries ( nonthrombocytopenic purpura ) or to deficiency of blood platelets ( thrombocytopenic purpura ) .
Pus and gas or air in the pleural cavity .
Pus contains dead white blood cells , both living and dead bacteria , and fragments of dead tissue .
Pus in the chamber of the eye that lies in front of the lens .
Pus in the pleural cavity , usually secondary to infection in the lung or in the space below the diaphragm .
Pus is drained from the abscess by surgical incision .
Pus may form in the widened bronchus so that the patient coughs up purulent sputum , which may contain blood .
Pyloric stenosis in adults is caused either by a peptic ulcer close to the pylorus or by a cancerous growth invading and obstructing the pylorus .
Pyogenic bacteria include Staphylococcus aureus , Streptococcus hemolyticus , and Neisseria gonorrhoeae .
Qualitative variables are descriptive characteristics , such as sex , race , or occupation .
Quantitative variables relate to a numerial scale and are subdivided into discrete variables , found only at fixed points ( e . g . number of children ) , and continuous variables , found at any point on a scale ( e . g . weight ) .
Quickening is usually experienced after about four months of pregnancy , although it may occur up to about two months earlier .
R . conori , R . mooseri , R . prowazeki , R . quintana , and R . tsutsugamushi cause different forms of typhus , and R . rickettsii causes Rocky Mountain spotted fever .
R . personatus , widely distributed in Europe , normally preys upon insects but occasionally attacks man .
R . prolixus is important in the transmission of Chagas 'disease in Central America and the northern part of South America .
Radiation enteritis is caused by X - rays or radioactive isotopes .
Radio - opaque iodine - containing compound that is sometimes used in radiography to show up the spinal canal ( see myelography ) .
Radio - opaque materials , many of them containing iodine , are used as contrast media in radiography ( see diodone , iopanoic acid ) .
Radioactive isotopes decay into other isotopes or elements , emitting alpha , beta , or gamma radiation .
Radioactive isotopes of iodine ( usually iodine - 131 ) , which are radio - opaque , are used in the diagnosis and treatment of diseases of the thyroid gland .
Radioactive tracers , giving off radiation that can be detected on a scintigram or with a gamma camera , are used for a variety of purposes , such as the investigation of thyroid disease or possible brain tumours .
Radioactive vitamin B12 is given by mouth and urine collected for 24 hours .
Radiography is used in the diagnosis of such disorders as broken bones , gastric ulcers , and stones in the gall bladder or kidney , when inspection from outside the body is insufficient for diagnosis .
Radiography of one or both Fallopian tubes after a radio - opaque substance has been introduced into them via an injection into the womb .
Radiography of the interiorof the womb and the Fallopain tubes following injection of a radio - opaque fluid .
Radiography of the pregnant womb in order to determine the position of the placenta .
Radiotherapy of the whole body is also used in the primary treatment of myeloma .
Radium is stored in lead lined containers , which give protection from the radiation .
Raised body temperature ( pyrexia ) , absence of sweating , and eventual loss of consciousness due to failure or exhaustion of the temperature - regulating mechanism of the body .
Raised levels of ketone bodies in the blood tissues .
Raised pressure in the fluid of the brain can be lowered by cutting into the dura mater ; and cardiac compression - the abnormal presence of blood or fluid round the heart - can be cured by cutting the sac ( pericardium ) enclosing the heart .
Rambling discursive thought and speech .
Rambling speech , immature both in syntax and pronunciation .
Random mating within a population , i . e . when there is no selection of partners on religious , racial , social , or other grounds .
Rapid and voluble speech , such as that encounted in mania .
Rapid changes in the membrane of the ovum prevent other spermatozoa from penetrating .
Rapid development of osteoporosis in a hand or food , resulting from injury , infection , or normalignancy .
Rapid eye movement : describing a stage of sleep during which the muscles of the eyeballs are in constant motion behind the eyelids .
Rapid involuntary movements of the eyes that may be from side to side , up and down , or rotatory .
Rapid multiplication of the parasites results in destruction of the red cells and the release of more parasites capable of infecting other red cells .
Rapidly spreading ulceration with sloughing of dead skin .
Rare enlargement ( usually increased diameter ) of the intestine .
Rare heavy metal used in surgery as it is easily moulded and does not corrode .
Rare partial forms of Down 's syndrome occur with a slightly higher IQ ( see mosaicism ) .
Rarely , candidiasis infection may spread throughout the body .
Rarely , chronic thickening of the pericardium ( chronic constrictive pericarditis ) develops .
Rarely , it may cause dizziness , nausea , constipation , and diarrhoea .
Rarely , leeches are taken in which foul drinking water and pass from the mouth to the nose , where they provoke headache and nose bleeds .
Rarely , maggots may be ingested with food and give rise to an intestinal myiasis .
Rarely , the cause may be a disturbance of the hormone systems but usually the cause is not known .
Rarely , this may occur as an inherited disease .
Rarely this is followed by abscess formation .
Rarer , but much more serious , is anaphylactic shock , an extreme and generalized allergic reaction in which widespread histamine release causes swelling ( oedema ) , constriction of the bronchioles , heart failure , circulatory collapse , and sometimes death .
Rarer causes include damage by irradiation ( for example in radiation therapy for cervical cancer ) or by lymphogranuloma venereum .
Rashes commonly occur with infectious diseases , such as chickenpox and measles .
Rates and causes of death in relation to different jobs , occupational and socioeconomic groups , or social class , because some occupations have older incumbents that others ( e . g . judges ) , allowance for age bias is made by comparing either standardized mortality ratios for those aged 15 - 64 years related but less familiar indices , such as comparative mortality figure proportional mortality ratio .
Rauwolfia and its alkaloids lower blood pressure and depress activity of the central nervous system .
Rauwolfia is still sometimes used to lower blood pressure .
Reaching a synapse , an impulse causes the release of a neurotransmitter , which diffuses across the gap and triggers an electrical impulse in the next neurone .
Reactions and pain sometimes occur on injection .
Readily stainable by basic dyes , showing basophilia .
Reagins belong to the IgE class of immunoglobulins .
Recent hypotheses suggest that the needling activates deep sensory nerves , which cause the pituitary and midbrain to release endorphins - the brain 's natural pain - killers .
Recently , anaesthesia has been used in combination with artificial lowering of the body temperature in certain complex operations , such as cardiac surgery .
Recommendations made by DRO include that of registration as disabled people , which helps in obtaining and retaining employment .
Reconstructive surgery for damaged or severed peripheral nerves .
Recovery from the initial attack is often incomplete but relapses appear to be less common than in conventional multiple sclerosis .
Recovery is complete with minimal after - effects in two - thirds of all cases .
Recovery is normally prompt and without any persisting ill - effects .
Recovery is usually complete and the condition does not recur .
Recovery usually follows within 24 hours of covering the eyes .
Rectal suppositories may contain simple lubricants ( e . g . glycerin ) .
Rectus abdominis is a long flat muscle that extends bilaterally along the entire length of the front of the abdomen .
Recurrent bacterial infection may be the cause , but the physical processes leading to gallstone formation may also be important .
Recurrent or longstanding constipation is treated by increasing dietary fibre ( roughage ) , laxatives , or enemas .
Recurrent pulmonary embolism may result in pulmonary hypertension .
Red - blindness , a defect in colour vision in which a person cannot distinguish between reds and greens .
Red raised areas of skin in the napkin region due to candidiasis .
Red vision , a rare symptom sometimes experienced after removal of a cataract and also in snow blindness .
Reddening of the skin that spreads outwards from a focus of infection or irritation in the skin .
Reddening over the genitals and napkin area due to the formation of ammonia in urine - soaked napkins .
Rediae develop within the body of a freshwater snail and undergo a process of asexual reproduction , giving rise to many fourth stage larvae called cercariae .
Redness : one of the classical signs of inflammation in a tissue , the other three being calor ( heat ) , dolor ( pain ) and tumor ( swelling ) .
Reduced almospheric pressure and shortage of oxygen cause deep rapid breathing ( hyperventilation ) , which lowers the concentration of carbon dioxide in the blood ( see alkalosis ) .
Reduced blood pressure and irregular heartbeat may occur during halothane anaesthesia .
Reduced secretion of hydrochloric acid by the stomach .
Reduced sensibility to pain , without loss consciousness and without the sense of touch necessarily being affected .
Reduced validity can arise if the tests produce different results when conducted several times on the same person under identical conditions ( i . e . reduced reproducibility , reliability , or repeatability ) .
Reduction in size ( atrophy ) of the breasts .
Reduction of the disease - producing ability ( virulence ) of a bacterium or virus by chemical treatment , heating , drying , by growing under adverse conditions , or by passing through another organism .
Reflex action in which the mouth is opened wide and air is drawn into the lungs then slowly released .
Reflex blinking may be caused by suddenly bringing an object near to the eye , the eyelids close involuntarily in order to protect the eye .
Reflex changes in the eye to enable vision either in normal light after being in darkness or in very bright light after being in normal light .
Reflux of blood from the aorta into the left ventricle during diastole .
Refraction occurs as light enters the eye , when it passes from air to the media of the eye , i . e . cornea , aqueous humour , lens , and vitreous humour , to come to a focus on the retina .
Refusal to include a suitable registered practitioner is usually the population being served .
Regular leg exercises help to prevent phlebothrombosis , and anticoagulant drugs ( such as warfarin and heparin ) are used in prevention and treatment .
Reintroduction into a patient of blood that has been lost from the patient 's circulation during surgical operation .
Relapsing : describing diseases or symptoms that recur or get worse .
Relapsing pancreatitis , in which the above symptoms are recurrent and less severe , may be associated with gallstones or alcoholism .
Relating to , associated with , or affecting the lungs .
Relating to , situated close to , or resembling the tongue .
Relating to an increase in volume or pressure .
Relating to any or all of the organs of the body .
Relating to childbirth or the period that immediately follows it .
Relating to growth and nutrition rather than to reproduction .
Relating to muscular and mental activity .
Relating to normal muscle tone , marked by continuous tension ( contraction ) , e . g . a tonic muscle spasm .
Relating to or affecting a bladder , especially the urinary bladder .
Relating to or affecting the bile duct or bile .
Relating to or affecting the body as a whole rather than individual parts and organs .
Relating to or affecting the cells of the liver .
Relating to or affecting the intestine .
Relating to or affecting the medulla oblongata .
Relating to or affecting the meninges covering the brain and spanal cord and the blood vessels that penetrate them to supply the underlying neural tissues .
Relating to or affecting the region of the groin .
Relating to or affecting the sense of touch .
Relating to or affecting the skin , especially the dermis .
Relating to or affecting the vermiform appendix .
Relating to or associated with the radius ( a bone in the forearm ) .
Relating to or describing conditions of bright illumination .
Relating to or describing conditions of poor illumination .
Relating to or describing the work and ideas of Sigmund Freud ( 1856 - 1939 ) , applied particularly to the school of psychiatry based on his teachings ( see psychoanalysis ) .
Relating to or involving both the mind and body : usually applied to illnesses that are caused by the interaction of mental and physical factors .
Relating to or involving the use of both ears .
Relating to or involving the use of both eyes .
Relating to or occurring in a Fallopian tube and an ovary .
Relating to or occurring in a fallopian tube and the abdomen .
Relating to or occurring in the period before puberty .
Relating to or occurring in the womb and an ovary .
Relating to or situated at or close to the back of the body or to the posterior part of an organ .
Relating to or situated at or close to the front of the body or to the anterior part of the organ .
Relating to or situated in the central region of an organ , tissue , or the body .
Relating to or supplied with blood vessels .
Relating to or supplying the neck or throat .
Relating to or supplying the outer ( fibular ) side of the leg .
Relating to parapsychological phenomena .
Relating to part of the spine composed of the lumbar vertebrae and the sacrum .
Relating to pepsin , relating to digestion .
Relating to the action of impuless in the vagus nerve on the circulation .
Relating to the body rather than the mind .
Relating to the body wall ( i . e . excluding the viscera ) , e . g . somatic mesoderm .
Relating to the bones of the ankle and foot ( tarsus ) .
Relating to the bones of the foot ( metatarsus ) , any of the bones forming the metatarsus .
Relating to the bones of the hand ( metacarpus ) .
Relating to the crown of the head or of a tooth .
Relating to the crura cerebri ( see crus ) .
Relating to the ear or to the sense of hearing .
Relating to the early developmental stages of an embryo or tissue , relating to a germ .
Relating to the elbow or forearm ; for example the cubital fossa is the depression at the front of the elbow .
Relating to the eyelid , especial to its supporting tissue ( tarsus ) .
Relating to the fingernails or toenails .
Relating to the glenoid cavity and the humerus : the region of the shoulder joint .
Relating to the growth and nutrition of neural tissue in the body .
Relating to the hair follicles and their associated sebaceous glands .
Relating to the input division of the nervous system , which carries information from receptors throughout the body towards the brain and spinal cord .
Relating to the knee joint , applied to arteries that supply the knee .
Relating to the limbs : the appendicular skeleton comprises the bones of the limbs .
Relating to the lower part of tail end of the body .
Relating to the mouth or the hollow part of the cheek .
Relating to the nonreproductive parts of the body .
Relating to the nose and the lacrimal ( tear - producing ) apparatus .
Relating to the palm of the hand or the sole of the foot .
Relating to the period from about three months before to one month after birth .
Relating to the period of a few days immediately after birth .
Relating to the period of time between the appearance of the first symptoms of an infectious disease and the development of a rash or fever .
Relating to the phenomena that precede the moment of death .
Relating to the production of blood or its constituents ; haematopoietic .
Relating to the reproductive organs or to reproduction .
Relating to the sense of taste or to the organs of taste .
Relating to the sense of touch in muscles .
Relating to the sole of the foot ( planta ) .
Relating to the thyroid cartilage and hyoid bone .
Relating to the tissues of the chest wall outside the parietal pleura .
Relating to the tympanic cavity and the Eustachian tube .
Relating to the upright position of the body : used when describing this posture or a condition caused by it .
Relating to the viscera , e . g . splanchnic mesoderm .
Relating to the wrist , any of the bones forming the carpus .
Relationship by blood , the sharing of a common ancestor within a few generations .
Relaxation of these muscles forces air out of the lungs at exhalation ( see illustration ) .
Release of a small fragment ( or fragments ) of bone and cartilage into a joint , most frequently the knee , with resulting pain , swelling , and limitation of movement .
Relief is sometimes obtained from a bowel action , inserting a finger into the rectum , or from a hot bath .
Relief may be obtained by cutting the motor nerve roots of the spinal nerves in the neck region .
Relief of the symptoms may be obtained with anticholinergic drugs and levodopa .
Remodelling of bone by osteoclasts , during growth or the healing of a fracture .
Removal of a part of the bone at the front of the pelvis ( pubic symphysis ) in order to aid childbirth .
Removal of a piece of the lining ( mucosa ) of the upper small intestine .
Removal of blood from the joint may relieve the pain .
Removal of both testes ( castration ) causes sterility .
Removal of either the upper or lower pole of the kidney is termed partial nephrectomy .
Removal of excess fluid from within the sac ( pericardium ) surrounding the heart by means of needle aspiration .
Removal of gallstones by cholecystotomy .
Removal of the head usually the head of a dead fetus to enable delivery to take place .
Removal of the sex glands ( the testes or the ovaries ) .
Removal of the sigmoid colon by surgery .
Remuneration of GPs is based on a quarterly capitation fee for each registered patient ( higher for those over 65 years of age ) regardless of the number of consultations ; however , additional claims can be made for a few services ( e . g . antenatal care and household calls during sleeping hours ) .
Renal osteodystrophy is the characteristic change in bones occurring in chronic kidney failure .
Renal rickets is due to impaired kidney function : the bones are malformed as bone forming minerals are excreted in the urine .
Rennin converts caseinogen ( milk protein ) into insoluble casein in the presence of calcium ions .
Rennin is present in the largest amounts in the stomach of young mammals .
Repair consists of removing the decayed part of the tooth using a drill and replacing it with a filling .
Reparative or cosmetic surgery of the nose , sometimes by the repair of a defect with tissue ( skin or bone ) taken from elsewhere in the body .
Repeated injury and deformities of the foot are common causes , and corrective footwear may be prescribed .
Repeated intrauterine transfusions into the fetal peritoneum during pregnancy have saved some infants in whom hydrops foetalis was predicted .
Repetition of phrases while speaking : a form of stammering or a kind of tic .
Repetitive utterances of the same words over and over again .
Replacement of damaged or destroyed skin by surgery .
Representatives of other hospital professions ( nursing , administration , planning , and junior doctors ) are usually in attendance .
Reproduction in which an organism develops from an unfertilized ovum .
Reproduction of cells by division first of the chromosomes ( karyokinesis ) and then of the cytoplasm ( cytokinesis ) .
Reptiles and amphibians are cold - blooded .
Requirements include a routine examination of young persons and those exposed to toxic hazards ( e . g . lead ) and the adequate guarding of machinery .
Requiring solutions of high salt concentration for healthy growth .
Resembling a fungus , a fungus - like growth .
Resembling a local infection with vaccinia ( cowpox ) virus .
Resembling a myelocyte , relating to the spinal cord .
Resembling diphtheria ( especially the membrane formed in diphtheria ) or the bacteria that cause it .
Resembling lard : often applied to tissue infiltrated with the starchlike substance amyloid ( see amyloidosis ) .
Resembling normal tissue , composed of one type of tissue .
Resembling serum or producing a fluid resembling serum .
Resembling the skin , see dermoid cyst .
Resistance may also develop in the microorganisms being treated ( for example , through incorrect dosage ) , and some antibiotics may cause allergic reactions .
Resistance to the passive movement of a limb that is maximal at the beginning of the movement and gives way as more pressure is applied .
Respiratory infections , which may be severe , are a common complication .
Response may take place gradually , and side - effects , such as dry mouth , blurred vision , constipation , and sweating , may occur .
Response to PTC appears to be controlled by single pair of genes ( alleles ) : ability to taste PTC is dominant to the inability to taste it .
Response to these drugs is often dramatic .
Restless tossing and turning of a person suffering from a severe disease , frequently one with a high fever .
Retention cysts arise when the outlet of a glandular duct is blocked , as in sebaceous cysts .
Retention is relieved by catheter drainage of the bladder before dealing with the underlying problem .
Reticulocytes may be detected and counted by staining living red cells with certain basic dyes that result in the formation of a blue precipitate ( reticulum ) within the reticulocytes .
Retinol is essential for growth , vision in dim light , and the maintenance of soft mucous tissue .
Retraction and constriction of the foreskin behind the glans penis .
Retrobulbar neuritis is one of the symptoms of multiple sclerosis but it can also occur as an isolated lesion , in the absence of any other involvement of the nervous system , with the patient recovering vision completely .
Retrograde amnesia is a failure to remember events immediately preceding an illness or injury .
Retrograde amnesia is loss of memory for events preceding the trauma .
Retrolental fibroplasia is the abnormal proliferation of fibrous tissue immediately behind the lens of the eye , leading to blindness .
Retroviruses have been implicated in the development of some cancers .
Rheumatic disease involving several to many joints , either together or in sequence , causing pain , stiffness , swelling , tenderness , and loss of function .
Rheumatoid arthritis is the most common cause .
Rhodesian sleeping sickness is the more virulent form of the disease .
Rhythmic convulsions of the limbs are part of grand mal epilepsy .
Rhythmical contraction of a muscle in response to a suddenly applied and then sustained stretch stimulus .
Riboflavin is therefore important in tissue respiration .
Ribose is also involved in intracellular metabolism .
Ribosomes are either attached to the endoplasmic reticulum or free in the cytoplasm as polysomes .
Ribosomes are nucleoproteins containing RNA .
Rich sources are citrus fruits and vegetables .
Rich sources of the vitamin are egg yolk and liver .
Rickettsiae infect arthropods ( sticks , mites , etc . ) , through whom they can be transmmitted to mammals ( including man ) , in which they can cause severe illness .
Riedel 's struma is a rare chronic inflammation of the thyroid ( see thyroiditis ) , which becomes firm and enlarged and is eventually destroyed .
Ringer 's solution is used for maintaining organs or tissues alive outside the animal or human body for limited periods .
Ringworm also affects the skin under a beard ( tinea barbae ) .
Ringworm is caused by various species of the fungi Microsporum , Trichophyton , and Epidermophyton and it also affects animals : a source of infection for man .
Ringworm is highly contagious and can be spread by direct contact or via infected materials .
Rodent ulcers occur in middle age or later .
Roentgen equivalent man : a former unit dose of ionizing radiation equal to the dose that gives the same biological effect as that due to one roentgen of X - rays .
Romanowsky stains give characteristic staining patterns , on the basis of which cells are classified .
Romberg 's sign is positive if he maintains his posture when his eyes are open but sways and falls when his eyes are closed .
Root treatment is required before such a crown can be made .
Rosacea usually occurs after the age of 30 and affects women more often than men , with the menopause sometimes acting as a trigger .
Rows of supporting cells between the sensory hair cells of the organ of Corti ( see cochlea ) .
Rubbing up against somebody ( usually in a crowd ) as a means of obtaining sexual pleasure .
Rubefacients are often used as counterirritants for the relief of muscular pain .
Rules of inheritance based on the breeding experiments of Gregor Mendel , which showed that the inheritance of characteristics is controlled by particles now known as genes .
Rumination may be distinguished from morbid preoccupation in that the thoughts are irrational and resisted by the patient .
Rupture of a major blood vessel such as the femoral artery can lead to the loss of several litres of blood in a few minutes , resulting in shock , collapse , and death , if untreated .
Rupture of the chordae , through injury , endocarditis , or degenerative changes , results in mitral incompetence .
S . damnosum in Africa and S . ochraceum in Certral America and Venezuela transmit the parasites causing onchocerciasis .
S . dysenteriae is associated with bacillary dysentery .
S . funicola , the eye fly of India , feeds on the secretions of the tear glands and in landing on or near the eyes contributes to the spread of conjunctivitis .
S . japonicum is common in the Far East .
S . lindemanni , which occasionally infects man , forms cylindrical cysts ( sarcocysts ) in the muscle fibres .
S . mansoni is widespread in Africa , the West Indies , and South and Central America ; and S . haematobium occurs in Africa and the Middle East .
S . pyogenes albus and S . pyogenes aureus are associated with most suppurative infections .
S . stercoralis infects the human small intestine ( see strongyloidiasis ) .
Saccharine is 400 times as sweet as sugar and has no energy content .
Saccharine is destroyed by heat and is not therefore used in cooking .
Sacs can enclose natural cavities in the body , e . g . in the lungs ( see alveolus ) or in the lacrimal apparatus of the eye , or they can be pathological , as in a hernia .
Saline may be used clinically as a diluent for drugs administered by injection and as a plasma substitute .
Saliva mixed with mucus coughed up from the respiratory tract .
Salts of bromine , including potassium bromide , once widely used as sedatives because of their depressant action on the central nervous system .
Samaritans will listen for as long as they are needed and the service is free .
Samples of bone marrow may be obtained for examination by aspiration through a stout needle or by trephine biopsy .
Sandfly fever occurs principally in countries surrounding the Persian Gulf and the tropical Mediterranean .
Sarcocysts have , in the few positively diagnosed cases , been located in the heart muscles , arm muscles , and larynx .
Sarcoidosis and Crohn 's disease are granulomatous diseases of which the cases are not known .
Sarcoma that has spread widely throughout the body , most commonly through the blood - stream .
Scabies is typified by severe itching ( particularly at night ) , red papules , and often secondary infection .
Scabs formed by drying out of pustules fall off 7 - 20 days later , leaving permanent scars .
Scarring of the iris from inflammation may also draw the pupil out of position .
Schizophrenia commonly but not inevitably runs a progressive course .
Scleroderma may be localized ( see morphoea ) or it can spread slowly throughout the body , eventually causing death ( there is no effective treatment ) .
Scores on intelligence tests are used for such purposes as the diagnosis of subnormality and the assessment of intellectual deterioration .
Screening of newborn infants by testing a blood sample for phenylalanine ( the Gunthrie test ) enables the condition to be detected soon enough for dietary treatment to prevent any brain damage : the baby 's diet contains proteins from which phenylalanine has been removed .
Scrub typhus is treated with tetracycline antibiotics .
Sealed in small capsules called radon seeds , it is used in radiotherapy for the treatment of cancer .
Sebaceous cysts are found most commonly on the scalp , scrotum , and vulva and rarely occur before puberty .
Seborrhoea is sometimes associated by a kind of eczema ( seborrhoeic dermatitis ) .
Seborrhoeic keratosis ( or warts ) are yellow or brown oval spots with clearly marked perimeters and raised surfaces , developing in middle age .
Sebum provides a thin film of fat over the skin , which slows the evaporation of water .
Second degree haemorrhoids protrude beyond the anus as an uncomfortable swelling but return spontaneously .
Secondary amyloidosis occurs as a late complication of such chronic infections as tuberculosis or leprosy and also in Hodgkin 's disease .
Secondary glaucoma may occur when other ocular disease impairs the normal circulation of the aqueous humour and causes the intraocular pressure to rise .
Secondary growths ( metastases ) are common , most frequently in the lungs ( though other sites , such as the liver , any also be involved ) .
Secondary growths from a renal cell carcinoma in the lung have a characteristic " cannon - ball " appearance .
Secondary lesions ( such as crusts and scars ) are derived from primary ones .
Secondary peritonitis is due to perforation or rupture of an abdominal organ ( for example , a duodenal ulcer or the vermiform appendix ) , allowing access of bacteria and irritant digestive juices to the peritoneum .
Secondary stage symptoms appear about two months after infection and include fever , malaise , general enlargement of lymph nodes , and a faint red rash on the chest that persists for 1 - 2 weeks .
Secondary tumours in the lungs can be treated with intravenous cyclophosphamide followed by low dose irradiation to the lungs .
Secretory otitis media ( glue ear ) is a chronic accumulation of fluid in the tympanic cavity , causing deafness ( see grommet ) .
Sedation is risky , and these cases require skilled care .
Sedatives are hypnotic drugs , such as barbiturates , administered at lower doses than those needed for sleep ( drowsiness is a common side - effect ) .
See also amenorrhoea , dysmenorrhoea , epimenorrhoea , hypomenorrhoea , menorrhagia , oligonorrhoea .
See also chondrosarcoma , fibrosarcoma , leiomyosarcoma , liposarcoma , lymphangiosarcoma , osteosarcoma , rhabdomyosarcoma .
See also differential diagnosis , prenatal diagnosis .
See also microwave therapy . The principe of diathermy is also utilized in various surgical instruments , a diathermy knife , for example , is used to coagulate tissues .
See also psoriatic arthritis , haemarthrosis , pyarthrosis , hydrarthrosis .
See anthrax , brucellosis , cat - scratch fever , cowpox , glanders , Q fever , Rift Valley fever , rabies , rat - bite fever , toxoplasmosis , tularaemia , typhus .
See arthrodic joint , condylarthrosis , enarthrosis , ginglymus , saddle joint , trochoid joint .
See cerebrospinal fever , Rocky Mountain spotted fever , typhus .
See crystal violet , see methyl violet .
See depression , involutional melancholia .
See endodontics , orthodontics , periodontics , preventive dentistry .
See frequency distribution , significance .
See intravenous pyelogram , pyelography .
See medulla oblongata , the myelin layer of certain nerve fibres .
See Office of Population Censuses and Surveys .
See peptic ulcer , Zollinger - Ellison syndrome .
See vitamins B1 , B2 , B6 , B12 , biotin , folic acid , nicotinic acid , pantothenic acid .
Self - destruction as a deliberate act .
Self - suggestion or self - conditioning that involves repeating ideas to oneself in order to change psychological or physiological states .
Semen is usually produced by ejaculation at orgasm and does not normally discharge at other times .
Semipermeable membranes are used clinically in haemodialysis for patients with kidney failure .
Senile chorea occurs sporadically in elderly people and there is no dementia .
Senile haemangiomas occur in the elderly .
Senior members help the new members to face their creditors and to work out repayment budgets that will eventually free them from their obligations .
Sensation experienced in the deeper parts of the body , such as the joints and muscles .
Sense organs can detect light ( the eyes ) , heat , pain , and touch ( the skin ) , smell ( the nose ) , and taste ( the taste buds ) .
Sensibility is a characteristic of cells of the nervous system .
Sensible perspiration is visible on the skin in the form of drops .
Sensitivity to gluten leads to coeliac disease in children .
Sensory branches of the vagus carry impulses from the viscera and the sensation of taste from the mouth .
Sensory cells in the mucous membrane that lines the nasal cavity are stimulated by the presence of chemical particles dissolved in the mucus .
Sensory fibres in the walls of the heart are stimulated when the heart rate increases above normal .
Sensory receptors for touch in the skin , consisting of sensory nerve endings surrounded by capsules of membrane in " onion - skin " layers .
In abruptio placentae , the placenta separates from the lining of the womb before the usual time .
Separation of a surface epithelium from the underlying tissue .
Separation of the retina from the layer of the eyeball ( choroid ) to which it is attached .
Septic inflammation and thrombosis of the hepatic portal vein .
Serious complications are unusual and an attack often confers immunity .
Serious infectious disease such as syphilis .
Serrated , having toothlike projections .
Serum hepatitis is transmitted by infected blood or blood products contaminating hypodermic needles , blood transfusions , or tattooing needles .
Serum is essentially similar in composition to plasma but lacks fibrinogen and other substances that are used in the coagulation process .
Serviced by a salaried secretary , these Councils have no executive power but their views must be sought by Distric Health Authorities ( DHA ) on all matters that affect the provision of health services in the district .
Services provided by local authorities , such as social services chiropody , and child psychology , may also operate from such a centre .
Sever abdominal pain , usually of fluctualing severity , with waves of pain seconds or a few minutes apart .
Several analgesic drugs have antipyretic activity , including aspirin , mefanamic acid , paracetamol , and phenylbutazone .
Several classes of Ig with different functions are distinguished - IgA , IgD , IgE , IgM .
Several different kinds of papillae occur on the tongue , in association with the taste buds .
Several instruments are available for producing the intense light needed ; the principle is similar when lasers are used .
Several kinds of radiation , many chemicals , and some viruses can act as mutagens .
Several large masses of grey matter embedded deep within the white matter of the cerebrum ( see illustration ) .
Several large spaces within it are known as cisternae .
Several ova are removed using a laparoscope .
Several species are responsible for transmitting the diseases tularaemia , queensland tick typhus , and Russian spring - summer encephalitis .
Several thousand cercariae may energy from a single snail in a day .
Severe , continuous , or extensive colitis may be treated by surgery ( see colectomy , proctocolectomy ) .
Severe cases are treated with sulphonamides and pyrimethamine .
Severe cases may need electroconvulsive therapy .
Severe continuous pain may result , which is relieved by a prolonged course of thyrocalcitonin injections .
Severe emphysema causes breathlessness , which is made worse by infections .
Severe feelings of depersonalization occur in anxiety neurosis , in state of dissociation , in depression and schizophrenia , and in epilepsy ( particularly temporal - lobe epilepsy ) .
Severe inflammation caused by infection of both sides of the floor of the mouth , resulting in massive swelling of the neck .
Severe inflammation of the urethra in men can prevent passage of water ( a condition known as stricture ) .
Severe itching is a symptoms of some forms of jaundice .
Severe lumbago , of sudden onset while bending or lifting , can be due either to a slipped disc or to a strained muscle or ligament .
Severe or progressive injections are treated with intravenous injections of amphotericin - B .
Severe or prolonged diarrhoea may lead to excess losses of fluid , salts , and nutrients in the faeces .
Severe pain the urethra referred from the base of the bladder and associated with an intense desire to pass urine .
Severe paroxysmal pain arising from the muscles between the ribs .
Severe pulmonary stenosis may produce angina pectoris , faintness , and heart failure .
Severe shock may lead to an abnormally low blood pressure and possible circulatory failure ( see hypotension ) .
Severe stabbing pains in the legs and trunk , an unsteady gait , and loss of bladder control are common .
Severe wasting in infants , when body weight is below 75 % of that expected for age .
Sexual activity by an adult involving a child .
Sexual activity with any children under the age of 16 is illegal in the UK .
Sexual attraction to an inappropriate object ( known as a fetish ) .
Sexual attraction to animals , which may be manifest in stroking and fondling or in sexual intercourse ( bestiality ) .
Sexual attraction to children ( of either sex ) .
Sexual contact between a man and a woman during which the erect penis enters the vagina and is moved within it by pelvic thrusts until ejaculation occurs .
Sexual excitement in response to inflicting or thinking about inflicting pain upon other people .
Sexual intercourse may be impeded , and the condition may be associated with fear of or aversion to coitus .
Sexual pleasure derived from the experience of pain .
Shaped like a thread ; for example , the threadlike filiform papillae of the tongue .
Sharp projection , especially one of bone .
She must be registered with the central Midwives ' Board order to practice .
Shimmering coloured lights , accompanied by blank spots in the visual field ( transient scotomata ) , often seen by sufferents at the beginning of an attack of migraine .
Shock develops , and the abdominal wall becomes rigid .
Shock may be due to a decrease in the volume of blood , as occurs after internal or external haemorrhage , dehydration , burns , or severe vomiting or diarrhoea .
Shortness of the skull , with a cephalic index of about 80 .
Should this increase abnormally , as in dehydration , the osmotic receptors send nerve impulses to the hypothalamus , which then increases the rate of release of vasopressin from the posterior pituitary gland .
Shrinking of a body part , usually the vulva in elderly women ( kraurosis vulvae ) .
Sialic acid is a component of some glycoproteins , gangliosides , and bacterial cell walls .
Sickle cells are rapidly removed from the circulation , leading to anaemia .
Side - effects , including digestive upsets and rashes , occur frequently and for this reason other antibiotics are usually preferred .
Side - effects , including ear and kidney damage , may occur in some patients .
Side - effects , which are largely dose - related , include drowsiness , dizziness , and a transient skin rash .
Side - effects , which may be severe , include digestive and skin disorders , mouth ulcers , hair loss , nail changes , and blood disorders .
Side - effects , which vary in intensity and frequency and are related to the nutritional state of the patient , include nausea , vomiting , shock , and loss of consciousness .
Side - effects are often undesirable and may be harmful .
Side - effects are rare , but indigestion sometimes occurs .
Side - effects are rare , but large doses may cause stomach discomfort and vomiting .
Side - effects are rare and mild , though nausea , vomiting , and diarrhoea occur occasionally .
Side - effects are rare but can include dry mouth , blurred vision , difficulty in urination , and increased heart rate .
Side - effects are rare but high doses sometimes cause nausea , digestive upsets , and flushing .
Side - effects are rare but may include digestive upsets , drowsiness , and headache .
Side - effects are similar to those of the sulphonamides and include skin reactions and transient jaundice .
Side - effects are those of testosterone .
Side - effects are those of the other tetracyclines .
Side - effects are those of the other tetracylines .
Side - effects are those of the sulphonamides .
Side - effects are uncommon , but allergic reactions may occur .
Side - effects are uncommon , but nausea , menstrual abnormalities , and fluid retention may occur .
Side - effects are uncommon and the operation is used for intractable pain , severe depression , obsessional neurosis , and chronic anxiety , where very sereve emotional tension has not been relieved by other treatments .
Side - effects are uncommon but can include nausea , vomiting , and diarrhoea .
Side - effects are uncommon but include facial flushing , tumour pain , and hypercalcaemia .
Side - effects can be severe but are less common with modern selective operations .
Side - effects can include dizziness , digestive upsets , blurred vision , and , occasionally , drowsiness .
Side - effects can include dry mouth , disturbed vision , increased heart rate , difficulty in urination , and constipation .
Side - effects can include headache , nausea , vomiting , and palpitations .
Side - effects can include nausea , mental excitement , and skin rashes , and prolonged use may lead to dependence of the barbiturate type .
Side - effects can include nausea , vomiting , coughing , headache , tremors , and diziness .
Side - effects can include nausea , vomiting , headache , breast swelling , weight gain , fluid retention , and breakthrough bleeding .
Side - effects can include nausea and vomiting , increased saliva flow , diarrhoea , and stomach pains .
Side - effects can include pain at the site of injection , rapid beating of the heart , and allergic reactions .
Side - effects can include stomach discomfort , nausea , and diarrhoea .
Side - effects causing ear and kidney damage may develop in some patients .
Side - effects commonly include dry mouth , blurred vision , constipation , drowsiness , and difficulty in urination .
Side - effects from external application are rare , most reported cases of poisoning are in infants .
Side - effects include alopecia , nausea , and marrow suppression .
Side - effects include digestive upsets , dizziness , tingling , anxiety , sweating , dilated pupils , muscle incoordination and tremor .
Side - effects include digestive upsets , headache , and drowsiness .
Side - effects include digestive upsets , mouth ulcers , and temporary hair loss .
Side - effects include drowsiness , dizziness , dryness of the throat , and gastro - intestinal upsets .
Side - effects include drowsiness , numbness and tingling of the hands and feet .
Side - effects include drowsiness and dry mouth , and high doses may cause tremors and abnormal muscle movements .
Side - effects include flushing , faintness , and headache .
Side - effects include flushing , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , and a fall in blood pressure on standing .
Side - effects include headache , dizziness , and nervousness .
Side - effects include headache , drowsiness , and digestive upsets .
Side - effects include insomnia and restlessness .
Side - effects include marrow suppression .
Side - effects include mild digestive upsets .
Side - effects include mild digestive upsets and skin reactions .
Side - effects include mild nausea , diarrhoea , headache , and flushing .
Side - effects include nausea , loss of appetite , diarrhoea , weakness , and lethargy .
Side - effects include nausea , vomiting , alopecia , and haemorrhagic cystitis .
Side - effects include nausea , vomiting , and diarrhoea , and some allergic reactions may occur .
Side - effects include nausea , vomiting , kidney damage , peripheral neuropathy , and hearing loss .
Side - effects include rashes , digestive upsets , and lethargy , and prolonged use may lead to dependence .
Side - effects include salt and water retention , increased bone growth , and masculinization in women .
Side - effects include sodium and fluid retention , muscle weakness , convulsion , vertigo , headache , and hormonal disturbances ( including menstrual irregularities ) .
Side - effects include the retention of salt and water ( see oedema ) , weight gain , and raised blood pressure .
Side - effects include tremor , weakness , nausea , thirst , and excessive urination .
Side - effects may include constipation , dizziness , difficulty in urination , insomnia , headaches , and impotence .
Side - effects may include digestive upsets , abnormal muscle movements , and a fall in blood pressure .
Side - effects may include digestive upsets , fever , and haemorrhage .
Side - effects may include digestive upsets , joint pains , gout , fever , and rashes , and high doses may cause liver damage .
Side - effects may include digestive upsets and , in large doses , prolonged unconsciousness .
Side - effects may include dizziness , headache , digestive disorders , sweating , and thirst .
Side - effects may include drowsiness , digestive upsets , and skin reactions .
Side - effects may include dry mouth and drowsiness .
Side - effects may include headache , malaise , joint pains , nausea , and vomiting .
Side - effects may include headache , weight gain , nausea , skin changes , and depression .
Side - effects may include loss of appetite and digestive upsets .
Side - effects may include spasm of the bronchial muscles , nausea , vomiting , and fever .
Side - effects may include stomach cramps .
Side - effects may include stomach upsets , dizziness , and nervousnest .
Side - effects may include sweating , nausea , and faintness .
Side - effects may include symptoms of virilization in women , such as growth of body hair and voice changes .
Side - effects of antimetabolites can be severe , involving blood cell disorders and digestive disturbances .
Side - effects of oestrogen therapy may include nausea and vomiting , headache and dizziness , irregular vaginal bleeding , fluid and salt retention , and feminization in men .
Side - effects such as increased heart rate , palpitations , chest pain , dizziness , and fainting may occur .
Side - effects such as nausea , vomiting , and diarrheoa are fairly common .
Side - effects such as skin reactions , hair loss , and digestive upsets may occur and prolonged use can lead to eye damage .
Side - effects such as yawning , restessness , excitement , nausea , vomiting , and allergic reactions sometimes occur .
Side - effects usually include digestive upsets .
Side effects include digestive upsets and increased saliva flow .
Side effects include nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , headache , fever , stomach pains , and skin rashes .
Sideroblasts may be seen in normal individuals and are absent in iron deficiency .
Signoid volvulus is a twist of the sigmoid colon , usually when this loop is particularly long .
Signs of intoxication include confusion , slurring of speech , yawning , sleepiness , loss of memory , loss of balance , and reduction in muscular reflexes .
Silence is 0 db , a whisper has an intensity of 20 db , normal speech 50 db , heavy traffic 80 db , and a jet aircraft 120 db .
Silica stimulates fibrosis of lung tissue , which produces progressive breathlessness and considerably increased susceptibility to tuberculosis ( but not to lung cancer ) .
Simalar species are grouped together within one genus .
Similar arrangements and responsibilities apply for the local dental committee , local pharmaceurical committee , and the local optical committee .
Similar assessments and allocations are made to local authorities for social services .
Similar cells from the tissues remove and consume the dead cells , sometimes with the production of pus end the process of healing commences .
Similar disturbances of colour may be experienced by people recovering from inflammation of the optic nerve .
Similar islands of total visual loss in other parts of the field are referred to as absolute scotomata .
Similar preparations used to treat anaemia include ferrous fumarate and ferrous succinate .
Similarity of any physical characteristic that is found in both of a pair of twins .
Similarly , coloured objects are not seen so far away from the centre as are white objects of the same size and brightness .
Similarly , the adaptation of touch receptors in the skin means that the presence of clothes can be forgotten a few minutes after they have been put on .
Simple tubular glands in the mucous membranes of the intestine .
Since 1972 , howerver , when the Royal College of Physicians approved it , physical medicine has become the generally accepted term .
Since acentrics cannot attach to the spindle they are usually lost during cell division .
Since an attack in childhood generally confers life - long immunity , chickenpox is rare among adults .
Since babies are less able to remove sodium from the body than adults the feeling of a high sodium diet to babies is dangerous and may lead to dehydration .
Since both these drugs are well absorbed and rapidly excreted and each potentiates the action of the other co - trimoxazole is taken by mouth and is particularly useful for treating urinary - tract infections ( such as cystitis ) .
Since gamma globulin consists mainly of defensive antibodies ( immunoglobulins ) , hypogamma - globulinaemia results in an increased susceptibilite to infections .
Since it can cause haemolytic anaemia and prolonged use may lead to habituation , it has largely been replaced by safer analgesics .
Since it causes feelings of exhilaration and may lead to psychological dependence , cocaine has largely been replaced by safer anaesthetics .
Since it slows down the digestive processes , it is used to treat stomach and duodenal ulcers and other digestive disorders .
Since stomach cancer may mimic a gastric ulcer , all gastric ulcers should be examined by a gastroscope to aid in their differentiation .
Since the advent of antibiotics , infections seldom reach the point of crisis .
Since the date of conception is often not precisely known , a premature baby is defined as one weighing less than 2500g ( 5 1 / 2lb ) at birth .
Since the outer coat ( sclera ) of the eyeball of children is distensible , the eye enlarges as the inflow of fluid continues .
Since the true conjugate cannot normally be measured during life , it is estimated by subtracting 1.3 - 1.9 cm from the diagonal conjugate , the distance between the lower edge of the symphysis and the sacrum ( usually about 12.7 cm ) .
Since there is no outlet for the bleeding that occurs from them , the patient suffers severe pain for several days each month .
Since these sex - linked genes are recessive , men are more likely to have the diseases since they have only one X chromosome .
Since this can result in a difficult birth , the baby is often turned head first before labour .
Single tumours can be removed surgically .
Sinus bradycardia is often found in healthy individual , especially athletes , but it is also seen in some patients with reduced thyroid activity , jaundice , hypothermia , or vasovagal attacks .
Sinus tachycardia may occur normally with exercise or excitement or it may be due to illness , such as fever .
Sit baths of cold and hot water , rapidly alternated , were formerly used for the treatment of a variety of sexual disorders .
Situated at or near the back of the body or an organ .
Situated at or relating to the side of an organ or organism .
Situated behind it , the tibialis posterior extends the toes and inverts the foot .
Situated between the peduncles of the cerebrum or cerebellum .
Situated close to or beside the median plane .
Situated in the middle lobe of the cerebellum , in front of the pyramid .
Situated in the top right portion of the abdominal cavity , the liver is divided by fissures ( fossae ) into four lobes : the right ( the largest lobe ) , left , quadrate , and caudate lobes .
Situated or occurring inside a cell or cells .
Situated or occurring outside cells ; for example , extracellular fluid is the fluid surrounding cells .
Skin and bone grafting are examples of transplantation techniques in the same individual .
Skin flaps are also used to cover the end of a bone in an amputated limb .
Skin grafts may be necessary in more serious cases .
Skin or eye contact should be treated by flooding the area with water .
Skin sensitivity reactions may occur after continued use .
Skin sensitivity sometimes occurs and when taken by mouth the drug may cause diarrhoea and diseases due to growth of resistant organisms .
Skin sensitivity to chlorhexidine occurs rarely .
Sleep - walking : walking about and performing other actions in a semiautomatic way during sleep without later memory of doing so .
Sleep lasting for exceptionally long periods , as occurs in some cases of brain inflammation .
Slight bleeding may occur from about the seventh month of pregnancy , and anaemia may develop .
Slowing of the heart rate less than 50 beats per minute .
Small - intestinal volvulus is twisting of part of the bowel around an adhesion .
Small glands in the mucous membrane lining the mouth .
Small groups of cells , scattered through the material of the pancreas , that secrete the hormones insulin and glucagon .
Small quantities of different allergens are applied either to light scratches on the skin of the arm or back or beneath plaster .
Small red spots with bluish - white centres that often appear on the mucous membranes of the mouth in measles .
Small red spots with white centres ( Koplik 's spots ) may appear on the inside of the cheeks .
Small sebaceous glands that lie under the conjunctiva of the eyelids .
Small stones formed in the urinary tract .
Smaller emboli cause death of sections of lung tissue , pleurisy , and haemoptysis ( coughing of blood ) .
Smoked or swallowed , it produces euphoria and hallucinations affects perception and awareness , particularly of time .
Smooth muscle occurs in hollow organs , such as the stomach , intestines , blood vessels , and bladder .
Social and occupational rehabilitation are the most important therapies for most patients .
Social workers assess eligibility of clients for such social services as home helps and meals on wheels or refer them to the appropriate statutory or voluntary services .
Sodium , calcium , potassium , and magnesium phosphates are normal constituents .
Sodium control the volume of extracellular fluid in the body and maintains the acid - base balance .
Sodium glycocholate and sodium taurocholate - the alkaline salts of bile - necessary for the emulsification of fast .
Sodium is also implicated in hypertension : a high sodium diet is thought to increase the risk of hypertension in later life .
Sodium is contained in most foods and is well absorbed , the average daily intake in the UK being 200 mmol .
Sodium or potassium cyanide taken by mouth may also kill within minutes .
Softening of the bones caused by a deficiency of vitamin D , either from a poor diet or lack of sunshine or both .
Softening of the tissues of the spinal cord , most often caused by an impaired blood supply .
Some ( e . g . chlorpromazine and trifluoperazine ) are major tranquillizers .
Some , such as sulphadoxine ( used for leprosy and malaria ) and sulphametopyrazine are long - acting and need be taken only once a day .
Some 20 % of infant deaths in the UK occur in this way .
Some allergic reactions may occur and high dosage may cause enlargement of the thyroid gland , which may obstruct the windpipe .
Some amoebae cause disease in man ( see Entamoeba ) .
Some anabolic steroids cause virilization in women and liver damage .
Some analgesic drugs also have antitussive activity , e . g , codeine , diamorphine ( see heroin ) , and methadone .
Some analgesics , including aspirin , ibuprofen , indomethacin , and phenylbutazone , also reduce fever and inflammation and are used in rheumatic conditions .
Some animal viruses are known to be oncogenic .
Some anticonvulsants , such as sodium valproate , are used to treat all types of epileptic fits .
Some are composed of small blood vessels ( see haemangioma ) .
Some are responsible for the synthesis of vitamin K .
Some articulators can reproduce jaw movements .
Some authorities regard the term as synonymous with alveolus , but others distinguish an acinus by the possession of a narrow passage leading from the sac .
Some bacteria may reproduce sexually by conjugation .
Some bacterial DNA is incorporated into the phage .
Some brain cells have more than 15,000 synapses 
Some cases may be chronic ( e . g . tuberculous lymphadenitis ) but most are acute and localized adjacent to an area of infection .
Some cases of hypertension may be cured by ecradicating the cause .
Some cases of predictably very severe haemolytic disease have been successfully treated by intrauterine transfusion .
Some catgut is treated with chromic acid for different periods during manufacture .
Some cause diseases by producing poisons ( see endotoxin , exotoxin ) .
Some chelating agents , including desferrioxamine and penicillamine , are drugs used to treat metal poisoning .
Some Chlamydia infections of birds can be transmitted to man ( see ornithosis , parrot disease ) .
Some colonies are filamentous in shape , resembling those of fungi .
Some cysts are congenital , due to abnormal embryonic development , for example , dermoid cysts .
Some degree of narcissism is present in most individuals , but when it is shown to an extreme degree it may be a symptom of schizophrenia , personality disorder , and other conditions .
Some detergents , e . g . cetrimide , are used solely for cleansing .
Some diseases that occur widely in the population may be prescribed in relation to a specific occupation ( e . g . deafness in those working with pneumatic drills or tuberculosis in mortuary attendants ) .
Some disinfectants that liberate chlorine are sporicides , but most germicides are ineffective since spores are very resistant to chemical action .
Some drowsiness and dizziness are side - effects of most tranquillizers , and abnormal muscle action and movements sometimes occur with major tranquillizers at high doses .
Some drugs that cause tolerance also cause dependence .
Some drugs used in the treatment of cancer , e . g . fluorouracil , methotrexate , and mercaptopurine , are antimetabolites that prevent cell growth by interfering with enzyme reactions essential for nucleic acid synthesis .
Some ectoparasites , such as bed bugs , maintain only periodic contact with their hosts , where as others , such as the crab louse , have a permanent association .
Some emetics , e . g . ipecacuanha , are expectorants at low doses .
Some exert their effect directly , others via the vasomotor centre in the brain .
Some fatty acids can be synthesized by the body ; others , the essential fatty acids , must be obtained from the diet .
Some fistulas result from malignant growths or ulceration : a carcinoma of the colon may invade and ulcerate the adjacent wall of the stomach , causing a gastrocolic fistula .
Some flagellates are parasites of man and are therefore of medical importance .
Some food allergies may cause diarrhoea or constipation or simulate acute bacterial food poisoning .
Some forms of obesity may be linked to lack of - or inability to synthesize brown fat .
Some forms of this illness are endemic in a particular locality ( e . g . Japanese B encephalitis ) .
Some globulins have important functions as antibodies ( see immunoglobulin ) .
Some heart defects produce characteristic pulse wave forms .
Some infected women , however , experience no symptoms .
Some inhibitions are essential for social adjustment , but excessive inhibitions can severely restrict one 's life .
Some insect powders contain organic phosphorus compounds and fluorides , when ingested accidentally they may cause damage to the nervous system .
Some insects are of medical importance .
Some insoluble drugs are administered in the form of gels .
Some irritation in the digestive system may occur after oral administration .
Some kinds of spores function as dormant stages of the life cycle , enabling the organism to survive adverse conditions .
Some larger hospitals have resources that are more highly specialized , to meet the needs of a wider population , providing so - called regional or supra - regional ( national ) services .
Some leucoplakia may be caused by excessive smoking or alcohol or by certain infections .
Some live in soil , water , or air ; other are parasites of man , animals , and plants .
Some meningiomas ( known as meningeal sarcomas ) are malignant and invade neighbouring tissues .
Some mild diuretics , including acetazolamide , are used to reduce the pressure within the eyeball in glaucoma .
Some moles are flat ; others are raised and occasionally have hairs growing from them .
Some nematodes ( e . g . pinworms ) are tranmitted from host to host by the ingestion of eggs ; others ( e . g . Wuchereria ) by the bite of a bloodsucking insect .
Some of the fluid is swallowed by the fetus and absorbed through its intestine .
Some of the mesonephric collecting tubules persist as the functional vasa efferentia but the rest degenerate almost completely .
Some of the special resources for patients with rarer complaints are shared on a regional or supraregional basis .
Some of the techniques , including amniocentesis , involve possible risks to the mother and fetus and should not be undertaken without good cause .
Some of them divide by meiosis into spermatocytes , which produced haploid spermatids .
Some of these amino acids can be synthesized by the body .
Some of these are based on theories that coincide to some extent with more orthodox medical ideas .
Some pacemakers stimulate the heart at the fixed rate .
Some parasites cause irritation and interfere with bodily functions .
Some parts of the object may be in focus but light from other parts may be focused in front of or behind the retina .
Some parts of the skin have many sebaceous glands , others few .
Some patients have been known to have symptoms for as long as 30 years before the tumour has been discovered .
Some patients have blurred vision caused by damage to the optic nerves .
Some patients may be resuscitated by massage of the heart , artificial respiration , and defibrillation .
Some people experience a temporary fall in blood pressure when rising from a horizontal position ( orthostatic hypotension ) .
Some people may find that counselling helps them to adjust to their deviation .
Some pesticides , such as parathion and dieldrin , have caused poisoning in human beings and livestock after accidental exposure .
Some radioactive isotopes may be produced artificially by bombarding elements with neutrons .
Some schizophrenics have this personality before their illness , but most schizoid personalities do not become schizophrenic .
Some show recognizable tissue elements , such as fibrous tissue ( fibroadenomas ) , while others , such as bronchial adenomas , produce active compounds giving rise to clinical syndromes ( see argentaffinoma ) .
Some smaller hospitals known as community hospitals are staffed mainly or exclusively by general practitioners and are intended for patients for whom home care is impraticable on social grounds .
Some South American genera , notably Panstrongylus , Rhodnius , and Triatoma - the kissing bugs , are nocturnal bloodsucking insects that transmit the parasite causing Chagas 'disease in man .
Some special schools cater for combinations of two or more of these handicaps .
Some species are pathogenic ; N . asteroides causes nocardiosis and N . Madurae is associated with the disease Madura .
Some species are pathogenic to animals and man : M . leprae ( Hansen 's bacillus ) causes leprosy ; M . tuberculosis ( Koch 's bacillus ) causes tuberculosis ; M . bovis causes tuberculosis in cattle but can also infect the lungs , joints , and intestines of man .
Some species are saprophytes ; others parasites .
Some species cause infections ( see Fusobacterium ) .
Some species may cause disease in man : P . morganii is associated with acute enteritis in children , and P . vulgaris can cause urinary tract infections .
Some species of Anopheles may transmit the parasites of bancroftian filariasis .
Some species of Penicillium are pathogenic to man , causing diseases of the skin and respiratory tract .
Some sporozoans are parasites of invertebrates , and the parasites are passed to new hosts by means of spores .
Some such personalities mature into happier people .
Some sufferers , if followed up over a period of years , eventually show other symptoms of schizophrenia .
Some symptoms , such as stereotypy , are commoner in the institutionalized .
Some synergists may have dangerous effects , as when MAO inhibitors enhance the effects of barbiturates .
Some teams are permanent ( e . g . those dealing with the elderly and mentally sick ) , others are established on an ad hoc basis .
Some tendons are surrounded by tendon sheaths - there are tubular double - layered sacs lined with synovial membrane and containing synovial fluid .
Some tests are parametric , based on the assumption that the range of observations are distributed by chance in a normal or Gaussian distribution , with 95 % within two standard deviations of the mean ( Student 's test to compare means ) .
Some tumours , such as retinoblastoma , are inherited .
Some tumours can be surgically removed but most are inoperable .
Some types of dandruff are accompanied by inflammation of the scalp to give a type of seborrhoeic dermatitis ( see eczema ) .
Some vasoconstrictors ( e . g . xylonetazoline ) have a rapid effect when applied to mucous membranes and may be used to relieve nasal congestion .
Some venoms produce no more than local pain and swelling .
Some women may also experience emotional disturbances .
Sometimes , but not always , this progresses to schizophrenia .
Sometimes a dermoid cyst may develop after an injury .
Sometimes both members are schizophrenic and elaborate their delusions or hallucinations together .
Sometimes chronic depression or chronic mania can result .
Sometimes everything looks reddish to patients after removal of their cataracts .
Sometimes it is an isolated symptom in mental subnormality .
Sometimes it is used temporarily after operations on the oesophagus , until healing has occurred .
Sometimes one member of the pair has developed a psychosis and has imposed it on the other by a process of suggestion .
Sometimes only one of the two bones of the distal arm ( radius and ulna ) or leg ( tibia and fibula ) may be affected .
Sometimes shock may result from a combination of any of these causes , as in peritonitis .
Sometimes the detachment is secondary to inflammation or tumour of the choroid or disorder of the vitreous humour .
Sometimes the first thing to be noticed is a lump in the armpit , which is due to spread of the cancer to the drainage lymph nodes .
Sometimes the inner halves of the visual field are lost in both eyes , producing a binasal hemianopia , while in others the outer halves are lost , producing a bitemporal hemianopia .
Sometimes the pelvis drains spontaneously , with relief of pain , but acute decompression of the kidney may be required with surgical relief of the obstruction ( pyeloplasty ) .
Sometimes the sclera fades away completely in an area , and the underlying tissue ( usually the ciliary body ) bulges beneath the conjunctiva .
Sometimes these clinics are staffed by doctors , health visitors , and clinic nurses employed by Dictrict Health Authorities .
Sometimes urticaria may affect areas other than the skin , causing swelling on the tongue and lips : this serious variety , angioneurotic oedema , needs urgent medical attention .
Soon after they have formed they close to form the pharyngeal pouches , except for the first cleft , which persists as the external auditory meatus .
Sound vibrations leave the cochlea through the fenestra rotunda which , like the fenestra ovalis , is closed by a membrane .
Sound waves , transmitted from the outside into the external auditory meatus , cause the eardrum ( tympanic membrane ) to vibrate .
Sound waves of extremely high frequency ( above 20,000 Hz ) , inaudible to the human ear 
Spasm and twitching of the muscles , particularly those of the face , hands , and feet .
Spasm in the muscles making it impossible to perform a specific task but allowing the use of these muscles for any other movement is called occupational cramp .
Spasm of the jaw muscles , keeping the jaws tightly closed .
Spasmodic contraction of the larynx that is not caused by inflammation of the glotttis or associated with coughing .
Spasmodic contraction of the muscles of the pharynx .
Spasmolytics may be used as bronchodilators to relieve spasm in bronchial muscle , to stimulate the heart in the treatment of angina . or to relieve colic due to spasm of the digestive system .
Speaking in the night but not in the daytime ; a form of elective mutism .
Special braces can reduce the extent of the deformity .
Special education for the blind and for those with other severe handicaps may start as early as 2 years , deaf children requiring special education from the date of discovery .
Special photographic film sensitive to infrared radiation is used in thermography .
Special receptors in this area trigger muscular contraction when the nerve ending releases its neurotransmitter .
Special schools exist for each of the following 11 groups of handicapped children : the blind , the partially sighted , the deaf , those with partial hearing , the delicate ( those with such medical handicaps as congenital heart disease or cystic fibrosis ) , the educationally subnormal , the mentally handicapped ( in which learning potential is limited and independent living may prove impossible ) , the maladjusted ( those with behavioral difficulties ) , the physically handicapped ( by such conditions as poliomyelitis , muscular dystrophy , or limb absence from thalidomide ) , the epileptic , and those with speech defects .
Special techniques practised by orthoptists ( see orthoptics ) for developing normal function of the macula ( the most sensity part of the retina ) , in people whose macular function has previously been distur - bed because of strabismus ( squint ) .
Special training courses may be arranged for handicapped people as part of the Training Opportunities Scheme ( TOPS ) of the TSD .
Special treatment ( e . g . with immunosuppresive drugs ) is needed to prevent graft rejection .
Specially converted ( or adapted ) accommodation , often in the form of a flatlet , designed to meet the special needs of the elderly who are capable of self - care .
Specially designed forceps of which there are many varieties : are used by surgeons and dentists in operations ( see illustration ) .
Species are classified into the groups A - P .
Specific treatment of the cause is provided ( e . g . corticosteroids in Addison 's disease ) .
Specimens are immersed in isopentane cooled to - 190oC in liquid air .
Speech therapists have special training this flied but are medically registered .
Spermatids become embedded in Sertoli cells in the testis .
Spermatocytes develop from spermatogonia in the walls of the seminiferous tubules of the testis .
Spermatogonia , in the outermost layer of the seminiferous tubules , multiply throughout reproductive life .
Spermatogonia first appear in the testis of the fetus but do not multiply significantly until after puberty .
Spermatozoa are occasionally seen on microscopic examination of the urine and their presence is not abnormal .
Spermatozoa pass from the testis to the epididymis to complete their development .
Spherocytes tend to be removed from the blood as they pass through the spleen , resulting in anaemia .
Spherocytosis may occur as a hereditary disorder ( hereditary spherocytosis ) or in certain haemolytic anaemias .
Sphingomyelins are found in large amounts in brain and nerve tissue .
Sphinters are found , for example , around the anus ( anal sphincter ) and at the opening between the stomach and duodenum ( pyloric sphincter ) .
Spina bifida is associated with abnormally high levels of alpha - feto - protein in the amniotic fluid surrounding the embryo .
Spina bifida is commonly associated with hydrocephalus .
Spinal anaesthesia is useful in patients whose condition makes them unsuitable for a general anaesthetic , perhaps because of chest infection ; for certain obstetric procedures ; or in circumstances where a skilled anaesthetist is not readily available to administer a general anaesthetic .
Spondylosis produces a characteristic appearance on X - ray , including narrowing of the space occupied by the disc and the presence of osteophytes .
Spongy ( or cancellous ) bone , found beneath compact bone , consists of a meshwork of bony bars ( trabeculae ) with many interconnecting spaces containing marrow .
Spontaneous arrest of buphthalmos may occur before vision is completely lost .
Spontaneous recovery is the usual outcome .
Spontaneously occurring abnormal tingling sensations , sometimes described as pins and needles .
Sporadic goitre may be due to simple overgrowth ( hyperplasia ) of the gland or to a tumour .
Sporozoan life cycles are complex and usually involve both sexual and asexual stages .
Sporozoans that parasitize vertebrates are transmitted from host to host by invertebrates , which act as intermediate hosts .
Sprains should be treated by cold compresses ( ice packs ) at the time of injury , and later by restriction of activity .
Spread of cancer cells ( metastasis ) may occur via the bloodstream or the lymphatic channels or across body cavities such as the pleural and peritoneal spaces , thus setting up secondary tumours at sites distant from the original tumour .
Spread of hydatid disease , particularly common in sheet - raising countries , can be prevented by the deworming of dogs .
Spread of the cancer cells occurs via the lymphatic channels and bloodstream and across body cavities , for example the perioneal cavity .
Spread of this cancer to other parts of the body , especially to the lymph nodes and liver , is common .
Squint : any abnormal alignment of the two eyes .
Stagnation or cessation of flow , for example , of blood or lymph whose flow is obstructed or of the intestinal contents when onward movement ( perisalsis ) is hindered .
Staining and subsequent damage of the brain by bile pigment ( bilirubin ) , which may occur in severe cases of haemolytic disease of the newborn .
Staphylococci that are positive when tested for coagulase production are classified as belonging to the species Staphylococcus aureus .
Starch consists of linked glucose units and occurs in two forms , amylose and amylopectin .
Starch is digested by means of the enzyme amylase .
Start of the optic nerve , where nerve fibres from the rods and cones leave the eyeball .
Started in 1953 by the Rev . Chad Varah in the cellars of a London church ( St . Stephens . Walbrook ) with one telephone ,it now has over 170 branches throughout the country manned by some 20,000 volunteers 
Statistical information and techniques used with special reference to studies of health and social problems .
Stents are increasingly used in the ureter to overcome obstruction by draining the renal pelvis into the bladder .
Stercobilin is subsequently excreted in the urine or faeces .
Sterile Ringer 's solution is injected intravenously to treat dehydration .
Sterility may be an incidental result of an operation done for other reasons , such as removal of the womb ( hysterectomy ) for cancer .
Stiching the womb to the abdominal wall to prevent its downward displacement .
Stiffness of the neck mimicking that found in meningitis .
Still being developed , the technique involves the extraction of cells of the trophoblast , by suction through a flexible tube inserted through the cervix of the uterus , and their subsequent examination for genetic abnormallities .
Stimulating the contraction of blood vessels and therefore bringing about an increase in blood pressure .
Stimulation of ovulation by FSH may , in some cases , lead to multiple pregnancy .
Stimulation of the cough reflexes results in the glottis being kept closed until a high expiratory pressure has built up , which is then suddenly released .
Stimulation of the pain receptors in the cornea causes the eyelids to close in a reflex action .
Stitching of the vagina in order to reduce its laxity in cases of prolapse of the bladder ( anterior colporrhaphy ) or rectum ( posterior colporrhaphy ) .
Stitching together the margins of a tear in the tissues around the vaginal opening .
Stomach upsets and diarrhoea may be prevented by talking the drug with meals .
Stone in a salivary gland or duct , most often the duct of the submaxillary gland .
Stones passing down a duct ( such as the ureter ) cause severe colicky pain .
Strabismus acquired by injury or disease is usually incomitant , i . e . the degree of misalignment varies in different direction of gaze .
Strains of S . pyogenes ( the haemolytic streptococci ) are associated with many infections , including scarlet fever , and produce many exotoxins .
Stratified , consisting of several layers ; or pseudostratified , in which the cells appear to be arranged in layers but in fact share a common basement membrane ( see illustration ) .
Streptomycin is an important drug in tuberculosis therapy but is usually given in conjuntion with other drugs ( e . g . isoniazid ) because bacteria soon become resistant to it .
Stress incontinence is the leak of urine on coughing and straining .
Stretch receptors are part of the proprioceptor system necessary for the performance of coordinated muscular activity .
Stretch receptors in its outer wall monitor blood pressure and form part of the system maintaining this at a constant level .
Strians of S . viridans ( the haemolytic streptococci ) are associated with bacterial endocarditis .
Striated muscle is composed of parallel bundles of multinucleate fibres ( each containing many myofibrils ) , which reveal crossbanding when viewed under the microscope .
Strictly , surgical removal of the penis .
Strictly , the maxilla is one of a pair of bones that partly form the upper jaw , the outer walls of the maxillary sinus , and the floor of the orbit .
Strictly a lack or failure of formation of semen .
Strictly speaking , local anaesthesia should be called local analgesia .
Strictly speaking , the term implies the state of physical dependence induced by such drugs as morphine , heroin , and alcohol , but it is also used for the state of psychological dependence , produced by drugs such as barbiturates .
Striking form breathing in which there is a cyclical variation in the rate , which becomes slower until breathing stops for several seconds before speeding up to a peak and then slowing again .
Strong ammonia is added to a sample of urine saturated with ammonium sulphate crystals and containing a small quantity of sodium nitroprusside .
Strong emetics , such as apomorphine , are used to induce vomiting following drug overdose .
Strong extensible flexible connective tissue rich in yellow elastic fibres .
Strong solutions applied to the skin may cause sensitivity reactions .
Structural abnormalities , such as defective valves , may be corrected surgically .
Styes are treated by bathing in warm water or removal of the eyelash involved .
Subconscious : beneath the threshold of conscious perception .
Subcutaneous oedema commonly occurs in the legs and ankles due to the influence of gravity and in women before menstruation .
Subcutaneous tissue is loose connective tissue , often fatty , situated under the dermis .
Subgingival calculus forms beneath the crest of the gingivae .
Subnormal activity of the parathyroid glands , causing a fall in the blood concentration of calcium and muscular spasms ( see tetany ) .
Subnormal activity of the pituitary gland , causing dwarfism in childhood and a syndrome of impaired sexual function , pallor , and premature ageing in adult life ( see Simmond 's disease ) .
Subnormal activity of the thyroid gland .
Subphrenic abscess is possible complication .
Subsequent attacks are milder and occur at intervals of 3 - 10 days ; untreated , the attacks may continue for up to 12 weeks .
Subsequent contact with the allergen causes damage to the tissue when the antigen - antibody reaction occurs .
Subsequent scaling , thickening , or discoloration of the skin may occur .
Subsequently the lens is a absorbed naturally into the surrounding fluid of the eye .
Substances such as common salt , which irritate the stomach nerves if taken in sufficient quantities , also cause vomiting .
Substances that may induce physical dependence include alcohol and the " hard " drugs morphine , heroin , and cocaine .
Substances that may induce psychological dependence include nicotine in tobacco , cannabis , and many " soft " drugs , such as barbiturates and amphetamines .
Substances with this property include antibiotics , antiseptics , and disinfectants .
Subtotal hysterectomy involves removing the body of the womb but leaving the neck .
Successful tissue transplantation requires a minimum number of HLA differences between donor 's and recipient 's tissues .
Such a carcinoma ( for example of the breast ) is known as a scirrhus .
Such a condition is frequently an indication of a psychiatric disorder .
Such a joint always involves a long bone , which is thus allowed to move in all planes .
Such a record is known as a scintiscan .
Such a tendency may be hereditary or may arise because of such factors as lack of vitamins , food , or sleep .
Such a valve consists of two or three cusps fastened like pockets to the walls of the vessel .
Such accommodation has replaced the workhouse , but the associated stigmaand dislike of the means test deter many who are eligible from applying for help to which they are entitled .
Such an illness classically has characteristic features , including agitation ; delusions of ill - health , poverty , sin , and sometimes of the nonexistence of the world ; and preoccupations with death and loss .
Such an opening occurs in the liver ( porta hepatis ) .
Such care may be residential ( in - patient ) , including the care of patients for a whole day and their return home at night ( day hospital ) .
Such cases may be treated by partial hepatectomy .
Such cells occur , for example , in the crypts of Lieberkuhn in the intestine .
Such children are subjected to extra surveillance .
Such complete colour blindness is very rare and is usually associated with poor visual acuity .
Such deviations of both eyes may occur in brain disease .
Such disease is often of gradual onset .
Such diseases include those affecting the structure of the lungs ( e . g . emphysema ) or their function ( e . g . obesity ) except when these changes result from congenital heart disease or diseases primarily affecting the left side of the heart .
Such diseases may run in families , but they are not inherited .
Such disorders are often inherited and some have serious effects .
Such errors may arise because of a true difference in observation and interpretation or because of a preconceived notion ( often unconscious ) by the abserver , which influences either his judgment or the tone and manner with which he questions the patient .
Such grafts will not survive unless the recipient is treated to suppress his body 's automatic rejection of the foreign tissue .
Such groupings are intended to stratify the population according to standard of living and income ( married women and children up to school - leaving age are classified in accordance with the occupation of husband / father ) .
Such groups are sometimes formed in the training of psychiatric staff ( the T stands for training ) .
Such hospitals often provide training for medical students ( teaching or university hospitals ) and for postgraduate education .
Such inclusion is subject to overall monitoring of the Medical Practices Committee , which advise the Department of Health and Social Security ; similar arrangements exist for the other three services ( see general dental services ) .
Such investigations are carried out chiefly by pathologists at the request of a coroner , in conjunction with other experts and police investigators .
Such joints are classified according to the type of connection between the bones and the type of movement allowed .
Such laboratories are a separate organization from hospital laboratories , which are under the control of District Health Authorities , but they can be located within a hospital and can contribute to the day - to - day diagnosis of hospital in - patients and out - patients .
Such lesions are recognized by electron microscopic examination , using immunofluorescent staining techniques of kidney biopsy specimens taken during the course of the disease .
Such nutrients include vitamins , essential amino acids , and essential fatty acids .
Such operations are known as drainage or fistularizing operations .
Such pairs of observations can be plotted as a series of points on a graph .
Such patients are usually distinguished from the elderly who may also suffer from chronic diseases .
Such people are entitled to special education and to financial and other social benefits .
Such people should be free from infectious conditions , either in the form of disease or as carriers .
Such populations become genetically rather different from the original population from which they were derived .
Such professions require expert knowledge and experience in certain fields , but no medical degree .
Such receptors are scattered widely in the skin and in the mucous membrane of the mouth and throat .
Such stones are usually removed surgically to prevent or cure urinary obstruction and infection .
Such stones can cause pain and blood in the urine , but they may produce no symptoms .
Such substances are known to exist in cigarette smoke and may cause lung cancer .
Such tumours are often solitary ; when multiple the condition is known as emchondromatosis .
Such tumours may be found in the meninges ( the membranes surrounding the brain ) , the ovary , etc .
Such tumours may show a wide variation in cell structure .
Such tumours occur most commonly in the uterus ( see fibroid ) but can also arise in the digestive tract , walls of blood vessels , etc .
Such tumours usually occurs in the skin but are also found in the eye and the mucous membranes .
Sucrose is the principal constituent of cane sugar and sugar beet .
Suction is often used to clear secretions from the airways of newly born infants to aid breathing .
Sudden and painful contraction of the muscle surrounding the vagina , usually in respones to the vulva or vagina being touched .
Sudden deceleration in a motor accident is the commonest cause .
Suffix denoting ( in ophthalmology ) an abnormal deviation of the eyes or turning of the visual axis .
Suffix denoting 1. lysis , dissolution . 2. remission of symptoms .
Suffix denoting a body cavity ; blastocoele ( cavity of blastocyst ) .
Suffix denoting a condition involving eating .
Suffix denoting a condition involving speech .
Suffix denoting a condition of breathing .
Suffix denoting a condition of the mind .
Suffix denoting a defect of the eye or of vision .
Suffix denoting a flow or discharge from an organ or part .
Suffix denoting a hair or hair - like structure .
Suffix denoting a lowered position of an organ or part ; prolapse .
Suffix denoting a specified condition of the blood .
Suffix denoting a surgical incision into an organ or part .
Suffix denoting a surgical opening into an organ or part .
Suffix denoting abnormal enlargement . .
Suffix denoting abnormal softening of tissue .
Suffix denoting an agent that drives away , repels , or eliminates .
Suffix denoting an increase or exces ; leucocytosis ( of leucocytes ) .
Suffix denoting an instrument for measuring .
Suffix denoting an instrument for observing or examining .
Suffix denoting any condition ; narcosis ( of stupor ) .
Suffix denoting excessive or abnormal flow or discharge from an organ or part .
Suffix denoting form or structure ( of a specified kind ) .
Suffix denoting formation ; development .
Suffix denoting formation ; production .
Suffix denoting inflammation of an organ , tissue , etc .
Suffix denoting measuring or measurement .
Suffix denoting morbid craving or attraction .
Suffix denoting nourishment , development , or growth .
Suffix denoting obsession , compulsion , or exaggerated feeling for .
Suffix denoting pain in ( a specified part ) .
Suffix denoting puncture or perforation .
Suffix denoting splitting or rupture of a part .
Suffix denoting staining or pigmentation .
Suffix denoting stoppage of a flow of liquid ; stagnation .
Suffix denoting surgical removal of a segment or all of an organ or part .
Suffix denoting surgical sewing ; suturing .
Suffix denoting the skin , a germ layer .
Suffocation : a life - threatening condition in which oxygen is prevented from reaching the tissues by obstruction of or damage to any part of the respiratory system .
Sugar is used as both a sweetening and preserving agent .
Sugars are classified chemically as monosaccharides or disaccharides .
Sulphonamides are usually given by mouth and are effective against a variety of infections .
Sulphonamides should be avoided in jaundice and kidney disease and in patients allergic to these drugs .
Sulphones possess powerful activity against the bacteria that cause leprosy and tuberculosis .
Sulphur dioxide , formaldehyde , and chlorine are common fumigating agents .
Sunburn may vary from reddening of the skin to the development of large painful fluid - filled blisters , which may cause shock if they cover a large area ( see burn ) .
Sunlight contains ultraviolet rays , which are responsible for the production of both suntan and on overexposure sunburn .
Superficial blood vessels are those close to the surface of the skin .
Superficial inflammation ( dermatitis ) of two skin surfaces that are in contacts , such as between the thighs or under the breasts , particularly in obese people .
Suppix denoting relationship or resemblance to .
Suppression of sensation in part of the body by the injection of a local anaesthetic into the space surrounding the spinal cord .
Surface cells ( epithelium ) may die , resulting in a new growth of healthy epithelium over the affected area .
Surgery is sometimes required for a permanent cure ( see gastrectomy , vagotomy ) .
Surgery may be necessary for cosmetic purposes .
Surgery may be used if only a few segments of the bronchi are affected .
Surgery of the brain to relieve psychological symptoms .
Surgical attachment of the stomach to the abdominal wall .
Surgical closure of the passage from the womb to the vagina at the mouth of the womb .
Surgical correction is carried out in infancy .
Surgical correction of the varicocele in such patients ( varicocelectomy ) usually results in a considerable improvement in the quality and motility of the sperm .
Surgical crushing of a portion of the phrenic nerve .
Surgical cutting into the backbone to obtain access to the spinal cord .
Surgical decompression can be effected at many sites .
Surgical division of any sphincter muscle .
Surgical division of the breastbone , performed to allow access to the heart and its major vessels .
Surgical division or removal of part of the phrenic nerve .
Surgical drainage of the blood may be life saving .
Surgical excision of a joint : It is usually performed on a painful joint that has ceased to function , as may result from intractable infection .
Surgical excision of an artery or part of an artery .
Surgical excision of the bone adjoining a joint .
Surgical excision of the tarsal bones of the foot .
Surgical forceps with clawlike hooks at the ends of both blades .
Surgical fusion of the intervertebral joints of the backbone .
Surgical incision into the bony orbit containing the eye .
Surgical incision into the pelvis of the kidney .
Surgical incision into the substance of the kidney .
Surgical incision into the urinary bladder , usually by cutting through the abdominal wall above the pubic symphysis ( suprapubic cystotomy ) .
Surgical incision of a joint capsule in order to inspect the contents and drain pus ( if it is present ) .
Surgical incision of a tonsil or removal of part of a tonsil .
Surgical incision of either the thyroid cartilage in the neck or of the thyroid gland itself .
Surgical incision of the mastoid bone , usually done to treat infection ( see mastoidectomy ) .
Surgical instrument designed to compress a structure , such as a blood vessel or a cut end of the intestine ( see illustration ) .
Surgical instrument used for levering up displaced bone fragments in a depressed fracture of the skull .
Surgical instruments and dressings can be sterilized by being subjected to steam in an autoclave .
Surgical knife used in the operation of sclerotomy .
Surgical opening of the chest cavity to inspect or operate on the heart , lungs , or other structures within .
Surgical opening of the duct of the pancreas in order to inspect the duct , to join the duct to the intestine , or to inject contrast material in order to obtain X - ray pictures of the duct system .
Surgical opening of the oesophagus ( gullet ) in order to inspect its interior or to remove or insert something .
Surgical opening or puncture of the membranous sac ( pericardium ) around the heart .
Surgical perforation of the skull of a dead fetus during difficult labour , so that delivery may continue .
Surgical reconstruction of an artery ; for example , in the treatment of aneurysms .
Surgical reconstruction of an eardrum damaged by infection ( otitis media ) or injury .
Surgical reconstruction of the ureter using a segment of bowel or a tube of bladder ( Boari flap ) .
Surgical reconstruction or repair of the penis .
Surgical relief by pyeloplasty is advisable to avoid the back pressure atrophy of the kidney and the complications of infection and stone formation .
Surgical remodeling of a diseased joint .
Surgical removal of a cartilage ( meniscus ) in the knee .
Surgical removal of a kidney together with its ureter .
Surgical removal of a lung , usually for cancer .
Surgical removal of a portion of any part of the body .
Surgical removal of a portion of the skull , performed to expose the brain and meninges for inspection or biopsy or to relieve excessive intracranial pressure ( as in a subdural haematoma ) .
Surgical removal of a section of the tarsus of the eyelid .
Surgical removal of a stone from the kidney .
Surgical removal of a stone from the kidney through an incision made in the pelvis of the kidney .
Surgical removal of a testis , usually to treat such diseases as seminoma ( a malignant tumour of the testis ) .
Surgical removal of a tumour of the ovary .
Surgical removal of about half the colon ( large intestine ) , usually the right section ( right hemicolectomy ) with subsequent joining of the ileum to the transverse colon .
Surgical removal of an embolus in order to relieve arterial obstruction .
Surgical removal of an ovary , performed , for example , when the ovary contains tumours or cysts or is otherwise diseased .
Surgical removal of lymph nodes , an operation commonly performed when a cancer has invaded nodded in the drainage area of an organ infiltrated by a malignant growth .
Surgical removal of one or more of the small bones ( phalanges ) in the fingers or toes .
Surgical removal of part of the intestine .
Surgical removal of part of the iris in the eye at the border of the pupil .
Surgical removal of part of the pharynx .
Surgical removal of part of the pleura , which is sometimes done to over some recurrent pneumothorax or to remove diseased areas of pleura .
Surgical removal of the adenoids , commonly combined with tonsillectomy in a child who suffers recurrent sore throats and difficultly in breathing through the nose .
Surgical removal of the bony walls of an antrum .
Surgical removal of the entire womb , the ovaries , and the Fallopian tubes .
Surgical removal of the entire womb and of one or both ovaries .
Surgical removal of the entire womb and the vagina .
Surgical removal of the external genitals ( vulvu ) of a woman .
Surgical removal of the flea is recommended .
Surgical removal of the foresh of the penis .
Surgical removal of the gall bladder , usually for cholecystitis or gallstones .
Surgical removal of the ileum ( small intestine ) or part of the ileum .
Surgical removal of the jejunum or part of the jejunum .
Surgical removal of the membranous sac surrounding the heart ( pericardium ) .
Surgical removal of the parathyroid glands , usually as part of the treatment of hyperparathyroidism .
Surgical removal of the prostate gland .
Surgical removal of the second ear ossicle , the incus , as in the treatment of chronic middle ear infection ( otitis media ) .
Surgical removal of the synovium of a joint .
Surgical removal of the third ear osside ( stapes ) : part of the treatment for deafness due to otosclerosis .
Surgical removal of the tongue , an operation usually carried out for cancer in this structure .
Surgical removal of the tumour may result in improvement of the muscle condition , but the response is often slow .
Surgical removal of the urinary bladder .
Surgical removal of the uvula ( the back of the soft palate ) .
Surgical removal of the vermiform appendix .
Surgical removal of the whole or a part of the larynx , as in the treatment of laryngeal carcinoma .
Surgical repair may help in some cases .
Surgical repair of a ruptured or severed tendon .
Surgical repair of a urethral stricture .
Surgical repair of defective or damaged tissues or organs with a homograft .
Surgical repair of injury or deformity of the lips .
Surgical repair or reconstruction of the ears after injury or in the correction of a congenital defect ( such as " bat ears " ) .
Surgical restoration of the continuity of the urethra .
Surgical sex reassignment is sometimes justifiable , to make the externals of the body conform to the individual 's view of himself ( or herself ) .
Surgical stripping of the parietal pleura from the chest wall to allow the lung to collapse .
Surgical treatment is effective in childhood but less so in adults life .
Surgical treatment of a deformity of the stomach , e . g . a deformity due to peptic ulcers .
Surgoens in the UK do not use the title Doctor and are referred to , as a mark of distinction , as Mr .
Survival through the acute phase of the illness is often followed by a remarkably complete recovery .
Swallowing the acid causes severe burning of the mouth and throat and difficulty in breathing , speaking , and swallowing .
Swallowing the acid leads to intense buring pain and ulceration of the mouth and throat .
Sweat glands occur over most of the surface of the body .
Sweating may be reduced by colds , diarrhoea , and certain drugs .
Swelling ( oedema ) of the conjunctiva .
Swelling : one of the classical signs of inflammation in a tissue , the other three being calor ( heat ) , rubor ( redness ) , and dolor ( pain ) .
Swelling and inflammation of the tissues at the laryngeal entrance obstructs the air flow to the lungs , causing a dangerous form of croup .
Swelling at a joint caused by excessive synovial fluid .
Swelling of the first part of the optic nerve ( the optic disc or optic papilla ) .
Swellings in the posterior sensory roots of the spinal nerves are termed ganglia .
Sydenham 's chorea affects children and is associated with rheumatic fever .
Sympathetic nerve endings liberate noradrenaline as a neurotransmitter .
Sympathetic nerves lead from the middle section of the spinal cord and parasympathetic nerves from the brain and lower spinal cord .
Sympathetic nerves that supply muscle fibres in the skin , around the roots of hairs .
Sympathetic nerves were originally thought to act by releasing adrenaline at their endings , and were therefore called adrenergic nerves .
Sympathomimetic drugs that stimulate betareceptors , e . g . ephedrine , isoprenaline , and salbutamol , are potent bronchodilators and are used for relief of bronchial asthma and chronic bronchitis .
Symptom substitution is the supposed process whereby removing one psychological symptom leads to another symptom appearing if the basic psychological cause has not been removed .
Symptomatic disease is treated with intravenous amphotericin - B .
Symptoms - including haematuria , urinary tract infection , and hypertension - appear between the ages of 20 and 40 and are associated with chronic kidney failure .
Symptoms ( depending on the substances involved ) include weight loss , diarrhoea , anaemia , swelling ( oedema ) , and vitamin deficiencies .
Symptoms , depending on severity of infection , include chill , headache , pains in the back and limbs , fever , vomiting , constipation , a reduced flow of urine ( which contains high levels of albumin ) , and jaundice .
Symptoms , which are usually apparent in the first weeks of life , are abdominal pain and swelling and severe or complete constipation .
Symptoms , which develop 1 - 6 days after infection , include diarrhoea , nausea , cramp , and fever and they persist for about a week .
Symptoms , which develop suddenly after an incubation period of 1 - 6 months , include headache , fever , chills , general weakness , and jaundice .
Symptoms , which last for a few days , include severe pains in the joints and muscles , headache , sore throat , fever , running of the eyes , and an irritating rash .
Symptoms appear 2 - 3 weeks after exposure : fever , headache , and vomiting may precede a typical swelling of the parotid salivary glands .
Symptoms appear 4 - 25 days after infection and consist of muscle stiffness , spasm , and subsequent rigidity , first in the jaw and neck then in the back , chest , abdomen , and limbs .
Symptoms appear after an incubation period of about seven days : malaise and muscle pain are succeeded by a fever , dry cough , chest pain , and breathlessness .
Symptoms appear after an incubation period ranging from 10 days to over a year and include malaise , fever , difficulty in breathing , salivation , periods of intense excitement , and painful muscle spasms of the throat induced by swallowing .
Symptoms appear days of even years after infection and include diarrhoea , indigestion , loss of weight , and anaemia .
Symptoms are diffuse abdominal pain and swelling , with fever and weight loss .
Symptoms are fatigue , headache , dizziness and cyanosis .
Symptoms are ineffectual straining to empty the bowels ( tenesmus ) , diarrhoea , and often bleeding .
Symptoms are relieved by antacid medicines , but surgery may be required if the ulcer persists .
Symptoms are relieved by antacid medicines or reduction of stomach acid .
Symptoms are severe throbbing pain near the anus with swelling and fever .
Symptoms are usually aching or burning of the eyes , accompanied by headache and even general fatigue if the eyes are not rested .
Symptoms commence 1 - 2 days after infection and include a sore throat , stuffy or runny nose , headache , cough , and general malaise .
Symptoms commence 1 - 24 hours after ingestion and include vomiting , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , and nausea .
Symptoms commence 2 - 4 days after exposure and include fever , sickness , sore throat , and a widespread scarlet rash that spreads from the armpits and groin to the neck , chest , back , and limbs and also affects the tongue .
Symptoms commence 7 - 12 days after infection .
Symptoms commence 8 - 18 days after exposure and include headache , backache , high fever , and vomiting .
Symptoms commence after an incubation period of 1 - 4 days and include headache , fever , loss of appetite , weakness , and general aches and pains .
Symptoms develop about a week after infection and include pain on passing water and discharge of pus ( known as gleet ) from the penis ( in men ) or vagina ( in women ) .
Symptoms include abdominal pain , dirrhoea , debility , and mental inertia .
Symptoms include an ulcer at the side of infection , enlarged , lymph nodes , headache , aching pains , loss of weight , and a fever lasting several weeks .
Symptoms include diarrhoea , and in heavy infections the patient may experience loss of appetite , vomiting , and ( later ) swelling of the face , abdomen , and legs .
Symptoms include diarrhoea , nausea , bellyache , flatulence , and the passage of pale fatty stools ( steatorrhoea ) .
Symptoms include difficulty in swallowing liquids and solids , slowly increasing over years , sometimes regurgitation of undigested food .
Symptoms include drowsiness , confusion , difficulty in performing tasks ( e . g . writing ) , and coma .
Symptoms include enlargement and subsequent lesions of the liver and spleen ; anaemia ; a low leucocyte count ; weight loss ; and irregular fevers .
Symptoms include epilepsy and mental retardation .
Symptoms include fever , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , liver enlargement , loss of appetite , emaciation and in advanced cases , cirrhosis and jaundice .
Symptoms include fever , dyspepsia , vomiting , loss of appetite , abdominal pain , and coughing .
Symptoms include fever , headache , and attacks of severe pain in the lower chest .
Symptoms include fever , headache , muscular pains , vomiting , conjunctivitis , exhaustion , bleeding of nose and gums and subsequently internal bleeding and the necrosis of various tissues .
Symptoms include fever , malaise , severe headache , vomiting , diarrhoea and bleeding from mucous membranes in the mouth and elsewhere .
Symptoms include fever , muscle pains , and a profuse reddish rash like that of measles .
Symptoms include fever and inflammation ( with possible ulceration ) of the lymph nodes ( a form of the disease known as farcy ) , skin , and nasal mucous membranes .
Symptoms include great thirst , nausea , and exhaustion .
Symptoms include headache , chills , high temperature ( 104oF ) , a red rash over most of the body , a cough , and delirium .
Symptoms include headache , sickness , loss of appetite , and weakness , progressing to chronic fever and the swelling of lymph nodes .
Symptoms include headache , thromboses , cyanosis , and plethora .
Symptoms include headache and tenderness over the affected sinus , which may become filled with a purulent material that is discharge through the nose .
Symptoms include intermittent pain , vomiting , and the passing of red jelly with the stools .
Symptoms include intermittent fever , usually with rigors , and intermittent jaundice .
Symptoms include nausea , exhaustion , and anxiety .
Symptoms include numbness , difficulty in controlling the limbs , and impaired speech and hearing .
Symptoms include pain and restriction of movement .
Symptoms include pain in the upper abdomen , especially when the stomach is empty , which often disappears completely for weeks or months ; vomiting may occur .
Symptoms include palpitations , breathlessness , and chest pain .
Symptoms include severe pain and a high fever ; unless treated ( with antibiotics ) , it may lead to conductive deafness .
Symptoms include skin rashes , arthritis , purpura , and kidney failure .
Symptoms include stunted growth , distended abdomen , and pale frothy foul - smelling stools .
Symptoms include sweating , faintness , episodic loss of consciousness , and other features of hypoglycaemia .
Symptoms include thickening and eventual loss of pigment of the skin , particularly on the hands , wrists , feet , and ankles .
Symptoms include thirst , loss of weight , and the excessive production of urine .
Symptoms include vomiting and pain in the upper abdomen soon after eating , and such complications as bleeding , perforation , and obstruction due to scarring may occur .
Symptoms include weakness , loss of energy , low blood pressure , and dark pigmentation of the skin .
Symptoms include weight gain , reddening of the face and neck , excess growth of body and facial hair , raised blood pressure , loss of mineral from the bones ( osteoporosis ) , raised blood glucose levels , and sometimes mental disturbances .
Symptoms including bloody diarrhoea , anaemia , weakness , and abdominal pain , are evident only in heavy infestations .
Symptoms may be abolished by the use of an artificial pacemaker .
Symptoms may include fever , joint and muscle pains , vomiting , an irritating rash , and convulsions .
Symptoms may include fever , lassitude , joint pains , and sudden loss of consciousness due to obstruction of the blood - flow .
Symptoms may include loss of weight , abdominal pain , indigestion , and sometimes diarrhoea .
Symptoms may include osteomalacia , rickets , muscle weakness , and cystinosis .
Symptoms of abdominal pain , diarrhoea , loss of appetite , and headache are obvious only in heavy infections of either species .
Symptoms of neurosis may follow an overwhelmingly stressful event , such as battle or serious injury .
Symptoms of the active disease include fever , night sweats , weight loss , and the spitting of blood .
Symptoms resemble those of chronic bronchitis , including the coughing up of blood and difficulty in breathing ( dysonoea ) .
Synthetic drugs , such as dicoumarol , phenindione , and warfarin , are effective only within the body , since they act by affecting blood coagulation factors .
Synthetic female sex hormone ( see oestrogen ) used to relieve menstrual disorders and symptoms of the menopause , to treat prostate and breast cancer , and to suppress lactation .
Synthetic female sex hormone ( see progestogen ) used to treat menstrual disorders , including amenorrhoea , to prevent miscarriage , and ( in combination with an oestrogen ) in oral contraceptives .
Synthetic fibres with special optical properties can be used in instruments to relay pictures of the inside of the body for direct observation or photography .
Synthetic oestrogens are a major constituent of oral contraceptives .
Synthetic progestogens may be taken by mouth but the naturally occurring hormone must be given by intramuscular injection .
Synthetic steroids have been produced for therapeutic purposes .
Syphilides occur in crops that may last from a few days to several months .
Syphilis can be diagnosed by the Wasserman reaction .
Systolic blood pressure is normally at its lowest during sleep .
T . canis and T . cati , the common roundworms of dogs and cats respectively , have life cycles similar to that of the human roundworm , ascaris lumbricoides .
T . cruzi , carried by reduviid bugs , causes Chagas 'disease in South America .
T . gondii infects sheep , cattle , dogs , and man , sometimes provoking an acute illness ( see toxoplasmosis ) .
T . hominis and T . tenax , which live in the large intestine and mouth respectively , are not believed to cause disease .
T . infestans in important in transmitting Chagas 'disease in Argentina , Uraguay , and Chile .
T . rhodesiense and T . agmbiense , which are transmitted through the bite of tsetse flies , cause sleeping sickness in Africa .
T . soleum , the pork tapeworm , is 2 - 7m long .
T . vaginalis often infects the vagina , where it may cause severe irritation and a foul - smelling discharge ( see vaginitis ) , and sometimes also the male urethra .
Table sugar is virtually 100 % pure sucrose and contains no other nutrient .
Tables 1 and 2 ( Appendix ) list the base units and the derived units having special names .
Tablets should not be held on the gum adjacent to a painful tooth as ulceration may occur .
Take over prolonged periods , it may cause cinchonism .
Taken by mouth , it is used mainly to reduce muscle spasm in parkinsonism .
Taken by mouth , it is used to increase the blood flow to muscle , especially in vascular disease due to spasm of the arteries .
Taken by mouth , it may cause digestive upsets and large doses may cause fluorine poisoning .
Taken by mouth : applied to medicines , etc .
Tapotement of the chest wall in bronchitic within the air passages so that it can be coughed up .
Tapping : the process of drawing off excess fluid from a part of the body through a hollow needle or cannula .
Target cells are a feature of several types of anaemia , including those due to iron deficiency and abnormalities haemoglobin structure .
Taste buds , in the tongue , are end organs subserving the sense of taste .
Taste buds are also present in the soft palate , the epiglottis , and parts of the pharynx .
Taste buds are arranged in grooves around the papillae , particularly the fungiform and circumvallate papillae .
Tears contain lysozyme , an enzyme that destroys bacteria .
Telangiectases may be found in the skin or the lining of the mouth , gastrointestinal , respiratory , and urinary passages .
Telepathy is extrasensory perception of the thoughts of others .
Temperature expressed on a scale in which the melting point of ice is assigned a temperature of 0o and the boiling point of water temperature of 100o .
Temperature expressed on a scale in which the melting point of ice is assigned a temperature of 32o and the boiling point of water a temperature of 212o .
Temporal lobe ( or psychomotor ) epilepsy is caused by disease in the cortex of the temporal lobe or the adjacent parietal lobe of the brain .
Temporal or giant - cell arteritis occurs in the elderly and most commonly affects the arteries of the scalp .
Temporary cessation of breathing from any cause .
Temporary hypotension may result in a simple faint .
Temporary loss of nerve function resulting in tingling , numbness , and weakness .
Temporary or permanent damage to the heart valves may result .
Tendinitis at the insertion of the suprapinatus muscle is a frequent cause of pain and restricted movement in the shoulder .
Tendon sheaths enclose the flexor tendons at the wrist and ankle , where they minimize friction and facilitate movement .
Teratomas most frequently occur in the testis and ovary , possible derived from remnants of embryological cells that many types of tissue .
Teratomas often produce alpha - fetoprotein , beta human chorionic gonadotrophin , or both .
Termination carries little risk early in pregnancy , but complications are more likely after the 13th week .
Tertiary syphilis may cause serious damage to the heart and blood vessels ( cardiovascular syphilis ) or to the brain and spinal cord ( neurosyphilis ) , resulting in tabes dorsalis , blindness , and general paralysis of the insane .
Tests for anencephaly can be made early in pregnancy in women from families with a history of the condition ( see amniocentesis , alpha - fetoprotein ) .
Tetany is caused by a reduction in the blood calcium level , which may be due to underactive parathyroid glands , rickets , or alkalosis .
Tetrachloroethylene is used in treatment of the infection .
Tetracycline should not be administered after the fourth month of pregnancy and their use should be avoided in young children to prevent unsightly staining of the permanent teeth .
That are associated with the moment of death .
That is relatively movable when the muscle contracts .
That part of the aorta that extends from the ascending aorta , upward over the heart and then backward and down as far as fourth thoracic vertebra .
That part of the blood - forming system of the body that is directed towards the production of red blood cells .
That part of the central abdomen situated below the region of the stomach .
That part of the segmented mesoderm in the early embryo that forms the deeper layers of the skin ( dermis ) and associated tissue .
That part of the segmented mesoderm in the early embryo that gives rise to all the skeletal muscle of the body .
That part of the trophoblast that loses its cellular structure and becomes a syncytium .
The 12 bones of the backbone to which the ribs are attached .
The 12 pairs of nerves that arise directly from the brain and leave the skull through separate apertures .
The 14 bones that make up the face are the nasals , lacrimals , inferior nasal conchae , maxillae , zygomatics , and palatines ( two of each ) , the vomer , and the mandible .
The 2 - deoxyglucose , usually tagged with radioactive oxygen , is injected into the patient to be examined .
The 206 named bones of the body are organized into the axial skeleton ( of the head and trunk ) and the appendicular skeleton ( of the limbs ) ( see illustration ) .
The 31 pairs of nerves that leave the spinal cord and are distributed to the body , passing out from the vertebral canal through the spaces between the arches of the vertebrae .
The 31 pairs of spinal nerves have two roots on each side , an anterior root containing motor nerve fibres and a posterior root containing sensory fibres .
The 4 - 10m long beef tapeworms , T . saginata , is the commonest tapeworm parasite of man .
The abdomen contains the organs of digestion - stomach , liver , intestines , etc . , and excretion - kidneys , bladder , etc .
The ability to be affected by , and respond to , changes in the surroundings .
The ability to distinguish only six of the seven colours of the spectrum , the exception being indigo .
The ability to focus both eyes on an object at the same time , so that a person sees one image of the object he is looking at .
The ability to recognize the three - dimensional shape an object by touch alone .
The ability to understand the thoughts and emotions of another person .
The abnormal absence of sweating , accompanying disease or occurring as a congenital defect .
The abnormal and sometimes unpleasant sensations felt by a patient with partial damage to a peripheral nerve when his skin is touched .
The abnormal bending forward of an organ , especially the bending of the body of the womb towards the front .
The abnormal deposition of calcium salts in the tissues .
The abnormal entry of a substance ( infiltrate ) into a cell , tissue , or organ .
The abnormal maintenance of postures or physical attitudes , occurring in catatonia .
The abnormal narrowing of a passage or opening , such as a blood vessel or heart valve .
The abnormal narrowing of an opening , such as the opening of the bile duct .
The abnormal positioning of a part of the body such that it is on the opposite side to its normal site in the body .
The abnormality is not so great as in mania and the patient may appear normal and a bit of a character to those who do not know him ( see elation , euphoria ) .
The abnormality may be in the sexual object ( as in homosexuality and fetishism ) or in the activity engaged in ( for example , sadism and exhibitionism ) .
The abnormality of behaviour must be sufficiently severe that it causes suffering , either to the patient or to other people ( or to both ) .
The abnormality results in the production of thick glands ( causing meconium ileus in newborn babies ) , pancreas ( causing deficiency of pancreatic enzymes ) , and bronchi ( causing bronchiectasis ) .
The abortion rate ( the number of pregnancies lost per 1000 conceptions ) is impossible to calculate precisely but is generally reckoned to be between one fifth and one third .
The abrupt expulsion from the mouth of a large quantity of pus or decaying matter originating in the throat or lungs .
The abrupt worsening of symptoms or recurrence of disease .
The absence or stopping of the menstrual periods .
The absorption and loss of iron is very finely controlled .
The accidental transfer of inoculated material from one site in the body to another .
The accumulation of fat in the liver and heart may seriously impair their functioning .
The accumulation of fat is caused by the consumption of more food than is required for producing enough energy for daily activities .
The accumulation of fluid in the peritoneal cavity , causing abdominal swelling .
The accumulation of large quantities of fat in the buttocks .
The accumulation of menstrual blood in the Fallopian tubes .
The accumulation of menstrual blood in the vagina because the hymen at the entrance to the vagina lacks an opening .
The accumulation of pus in a Fallopian tube .
The accumulation of sugar leads to its appearance in the blood ( hyperglycaemia ) , then in the urine .
The accumulation of this secretion is known as smegma .
The accumulation of watery fluid in an ovary .
The accumulation of watery fluid in one of the Fallopian tubes , which becomes swollen .
The accumulation of watery liquid in a sac , usually the sac surrounding the testes .
The acetic acid ester of the organic base choline , the neurotransmitter released at the synapses of parasympathetic nerves and at neuromuscular junctions .
The acetoacetic acid thus formed is subsequently converted to acetone and excreted .
The acid acts on pepsinogen to produce pepsin , which functions best in an acid medium .
The acidity of the stomach contents also kills unwanted bacteria and other organisms that have been ingested with the food .
The acorn - shaped end part of the penis , formed by the expanded end of the corpus spongiosum ( erectile tissue ) .
The acquired myopathies include polymyositis and muscular disease complicating endocrine disorders or carcinoma .
The Act also provides for compulsory admission when the mentally disordered put themselves or other people into danger .
The act od spitting out material brought into the mouth by coughing .
The act of blowing gas or a powder , such as a medication , into a body cavity .
The act of breathing air from the lungs out through the mouth and nose .
The act of breathing out air from the lungs , dying .
The act of extending or stretching , especially the muscular movement by which a limb is straightened .
The act of making up for a functional or structural deficiency .
The act of passing through or across , e . g . the passage of blood cells through the intact walls of capillaries and venules ( see diapedesis ) .
The act of pulling out a baby from the baby of its mother during childbirth .
The act of shedding skin , desquamation .
The act of turning the hand so that the palm faces downwards .
The act of turning the hand so that the palm is uppermost .
The act of whipping oneself or others as a means of obtaining sexual pleasure ( see masochism , sadism ) .
The Act specifies certain requirements for writing prescriptions for these drugs .
The act to taking life to relieve suffering .
The action of closing and opening the eyelids , which wipes the front of the eyeball and helps to spread the tears .
The action of the heart is increased , the rate and depth of breathing are increased , and the metabolic rate is raised , the force of muscular contraction improves and the onset of muscular fatigue is delayed . .
The action of the trochlear nerve is coordinated with that of the oculomotor and abducens nerves .
The actions of parasympatholytic drugs are anticholinergic ( i . e . preventing acetylcholine from acting as a neurotransmitter ) .
The actions of parasympathomimetic drugs are cholinergic ( resembling those of acetylcholine ) and include stimulation of skeletal muscle , vasodilatation , depression of heart rate , increasing the tension of smooth muscle , increasing secretions ( such as saliva ) , and constricting the pupil of the eye .
The actions of sympathomimetic drugs are adrenergic ( resembling those of noradrenaline ) .
The active principle of cantharides , or Spanish fly ( the dried bodies of a blister beetle , lytta vesicatoria ) .
The active unit of excretion in the kidney ( see illustration ) .
The active units of the kidney are the nephrons , within the cortex and medulla , which filter the blood under pressure and then reabsorb water and selected substances back into the blood .
The active volatile principle found in tea ( see caffeine ) .
The activities of the body that are governed are those concerned with self - preservation ( e . g . searching for food , fighting ) and preservation of the species ( e . g . reproduction and the care of offspring ) , the expression of fear , rude , and pleasure , and the establishment of memory patterns .
The Acts of Parliament governing the care of the mentally disordered .
The actual daily requirement of folate is not known but the suggested daily intake is 200 g / day for an adult , which should be doubled during pregnancy .
The acute form of the disease usually settles completely , with rapid return to normal kidney function .
The addition of fluoride to public water supplies is called fluoridation .
The addition of fluoride to drinking water in order to reduce dental caries .
The addition of noninjurious traces of chlorine ( often one part per million ) to water supplies before human consumption to ensure that disease - causing organisms are destroyed .
The addition of pyridine gives it an objectionable smell , and the dye methyl violet is added to make it recognizable as unfit to drink .
The administration of any fluid , such as plasma or saline solution into a patient 's vein by mean of a drip .
The administration of the drug digitalis or one of its purified derivatives to a patient with heart failure until the optimum level has been reached in the heart tissues .
The adoption of female manners and dress by a man .
The adult flukes , which live in the bile ducts , can cause opisthorchiasis .
The adult number of about 300 million is reached around the age of eight .
The adult of D . latum , the broad ( or fish ) tapeworm , infects fish - eating mammals including man , in whom it may cause serious anaemia ( see diphyllobothriasis ) .
The adult recommended intake is 18 mg equivalent per day ( 1 mg equivalent is equal to 1 mg of available nicotinic acid or 60 mg tryptophan ) .
The adult vertebral column therefore contains 26 bones ( see illustration ) .
The adult worms are found in fibrous nodules within the connective tissues beneath the skin and their presence causes disease ( see onchocerciasis ) .
The adult worms live and migrate within the skin tissues , causing the appearance of transitory calabar swellings .
The adults eye worm , L . loa , lives within the tissues beneath the skin , where it causes inflammation and swelling ( see loiasis ) .
The adults of C . sinensis cause clonorchiasis .
The adults of F . buski , the giant intestinal fluke , live in the human small intestine .
The adults of H . pallipes are suspected of transmitting yaws in the West Indies .
The adults of P . westermani live in the lungs of man , where they cause destruction and bleeding of the tissues ( see paragonimiasis ) .
The adults of T . spiralis live in the small intestine of man , where the females release large numbers of larvae .
The adveus hippocampi is the bundle of nerve fibres in the brain forming a depression in which the hippocampus lies .
The aerial fruiting ( spore - producing ) body of various fungi .
The affected area becomes blue , swollen , and cold .
The affected areas , usually the face and scalp , become inflamed and swollen , with the development of raised patches that may be several inches across .
The affected areas become red and swollen , which further narrows the opening of the foreskin and makes passing urine difficult and painful .
The affected bone is more opaque to X - rays than normal bone .
The affected child is blue and frequently squats .
The affected leg may become swollen and tender .
The affected part becomes larger but retains its normal form .
The affected part of the heart then ceases to pump blood .
The affected parts , usually the nose , fingers , or toes , become pale and numb .
The affected portion does not expand or conduct the contents of the bowel , which accumulate in and histend the upper colon .
The affected red cells cannot function normally , leading to anaemia .
The affected vessels are swollen and tender and may become blocked .
The aid is powered by a battery , and the whole unit is usually small enough to fit behind the ear inconspicuously .
The aim is to enable the client to solve his own problems .
The aim is to enlarge the opening in a controlled manner so as to make delivery easier and to avoid extensive tearing of adjacent tissues .
The air - filled spaces , lined with mucous membrane , within some of the bones of the skull .
The air that reaches only as far as the conducting airways cannot take part in gas exchange and is known as dead space ventilation - this may be reduced by performing a tracheostomy .
The aldehyde derivative of formic acid , used as a vapour to sterilize and disinfect rooms and such items as mattresses and blankets .
The aldehyde derivative of formic acid , used as a vapour to sterilize and disinfect rooms and such items as mattresses and blankets .
The alkaline liquid secreted by the salivary glands and the mucous membrane of the mouth .
The alpha and beta cells produce glucagon and insulin , respectively .
The alternation of active inhalation ( or inspiration ) of air into the lungs through the mouth or nose with the passive exhalation ( or expiration ) of the air .
The alternative terms abnormality , defect , or malformartion ( for impairment ) and malfunction ( for disability ) are used by many authorities but this may sometimes cause confusion .
The alveolar walls , which separate alveoli , contain capillaries .
The alveoli are lined by a single layer of pneumocytes , which thus form a very thin layer between air and blood so that exchange of oxygen and carbon dioxide is normally rapid and complete .
The amino derivative of a hexose sugar .
The amino group ( - NH2 ) is removed from an amino acid and converted to ammonia which is ultimately converted to urea and excreted .
The amino sugar of glucose , i . e . glucose in which the hydroxyl group is replaced by an amino group .
The amnion is a continuation of this structure outside the embryo .
The amount of inbreeding in a population is largery controlled by culture and tradition .
The amount of sodium in the body is controlled by the kidneys .
The amphoric quality may also be heard in voice sounds and on percussion .
The ampulla of Vater is the dilated part of the common bile duct where it is joined by the pancreatic duct .
The amputation of a leg , arm , or part of a limb .
The analysis of urine , using physical , chemical and microscopical tests , to determine the proportions of its normal constituents and to detect alcohol , drugs , sugar , or other abnormal constituents .
The ancient Egyptians raised the process to a fine art in the production of their mummies .
The angle of the mouth is the site where the upper and lower lips join on either side .
The annual mortality rate is the number of registered deaths in a year , multiplied by 1000 and divided by the population at the middle of the year .
The anterior and central part of the thalamus , older in evolutionary terms than the lateral part , the neothalamus , which is well developed in apes and man .
The anterior fontanelle occurs where the coronal , frontal , and sagittal sutures meet .
The anterior lobe of the pituitary gland .
The anterior part of each cerebral hemisphere ( see cerebrum ) , extending as far back as the deep central sulcus ( cleft ) of its upper and outer surface .
The antibodies are labelled ( directly or indirectly ) with a fluorescent dye ( e . g . fluorescein ) and applied to the tissue , which is observed through an ultraviolet microscope .
The antibody - antigen reaction is specific .
The anus is closed except during defecation .
The aperture in an organ through which its associated vessels pass .
The apex of a tooth is the tip of the root , where there is a small hole ( the apical foramen ) through which vessels and nerves pass from the pulp to the periapical tissues .
The apical foramen is the small opening at the apex of a tooth .
The apparatus ( defibrillator ) administers the shock either through electrodes placed on the chest wall over the heart or directly to the heart after the chest has been opened surgically .
The apparatus is called a cardiovertor and is a modified defibrillator ( see defibrillation ) .
The appearance of brown patches , up to several centimetres in diameter , mainly on the forehead , temples , and cheeks .
The appearance of this in adult life is usually due to damage to the brain .
The applanation tonometer measures the pressure required to flatten a constant area of the cornea .
The application of 1 % silver nitrate solution to the eyes of a newborn baby whose mother has gonorrhoea .
The application of a pulling force as a means of counteracting the natural tension in the tissues surrounding a broken bone .
The application of a stain to living tissue , particularly blood cells , removed from the body .
The application of liquid medication drop by drop , as into the eye .
The application of the principles of nutrition to the selection of food and the feeding of dividuals and groups .
The application of traction to a fractured or dislocated limb in order to restore it to its normal position .
The aqueous humour comes into contact with the exposed surface of the ciliary body and some of it is absorbed from this surface .
The arch in the sole of the foot formed by anastomosing branches of the plantar arteries .
The archetype that is the masculine component of a female 's personality .
The area further forward - the prefrontal lobe - is concerned with behaviour , learning , judgment , and personality .
The area in front of the eye in any part of which an object can be seen without moving the eye .
The area of cerebral motor cortex responsible for the initiation of speech .
The area of muscle cell membrane immediately beneath the motor nerve ending at a neuromuscular junction .
The area of skin that the sensory nerves supply ( usually a strip on the trunk ) becomes painfully blistered .
The area of the body affected depends upon the site of the lesion : the lower it is in the cord the less the sensory disability .
The area of the retina called the fovea contains the greatest concentration of cones .
The areas of association are thought to be responsible for the elaboration of the information received by the primary sensory areas and its correlation with the information fed in from memory and from other brain areas .
The arithmetic sum of the amounts by which each observation varies from the mean must be zero , but if these variations are squared before being summated , a positive value is obtained .
The arm , especially the part of the arm between the shoulder and the elbow .
The arm is bent at the elbow and held across the body .
The arm is often held in a rotated position and the head is drawn back and to one side .
The arrangement of the two eyes at the front of the head provides binocular vision .
The arrest of bleeding , involving the physiological processes of blood coagulation and the contraction of damaged blood vessels .
The arteries supplying blood to the heart .
The arteries that supply most of the blood to the limbs and pelvic region .
The arteries to the brain are often involved , giving rise to meningovascular syphilis .
The artery that conveys blood from the heart to the lungs for oxygenation : the only artery in the body containing deoxygenated blood .
The articulation between the mandible and the temporal bone : a hinge joint ( see ginglymus ) .
The artificial production of pleurisy by chemical or mechanical means to obliterate the pleural cavity , in order to prevent recurrent , usually malignant , pleural effusions .
The artificial puncturing of the membranes surrounding the baby in the womb by means of a special instrument ( amniotome ) .
The artificial radioisotope cobalt - 60 , or radiocobalt , is a powerful emitter of gamma radiation and is used in the radiation treatment of cancer ( see radiotherapy , telecurie - therapy ) .
The artificial tooth is attached to one or more natural teeth , usually by a crown .
The atomic structures of stereoisomers are mirror images of each other .
The atria contract simultaneously and force blood into the relaxed ventricles .
The attachment is in two parts , one fixed to the denture and the other fixed to a crown on one of the teeth abutting the denture .
The attachment of the placenta to the lower part of the womb ( instead of to the upper part , as is normal ) .
The attack ceases when he wakes up fully and is nerve remembered .
The attack lasts 30 minutes to two hours and is caused by rapid stomach emptying , leading to falls in blood sugar and the drawing of fluid from the blood into the intestine .
The attacks of myelitis and optic neuritis may coincide or they may be separated by days or weeks .
The auditory ossicles are three small bones ( the incus , malleus , and stapes ) in the middle ear .
The automatic recording in graphic form of fetal heart rate and the amplitude , duration , and frequency of the muscular contractions of the womb during labour .
The autonomic system is subdivided into sympathetic and parasympathetic nervous systems .
The average adult human brain weighs about 1400g ( approximately 2 % of total body weight ) and is continuous below with the spinal cord .
The average adult pulse rate at rest is 60 - 80 per minute , but exercise , injury , illness , and emotion may produce much faster rates .
The average duration of labour is about 13 hours in first pregnancies and about 8 hours in subsequent pregnancies .
The average of a group of observations calculated by adding their values and dividing by the number in the group .
The avoidance of alleviation of the serious consequences of disease by early detection .
The baby fails to respond to human contact and development is profoundly slowed .
The back becomes arched ( the posture known as opisthotonus ) and death is likely to occur from spasm in the respiratory muscle .
The back part of the embryonic gut , which gives rise to part of the large intestine , the rectum , bladder , and urinary ducts .
The backbone of a newborn baby contains 33 vertebrae : seven cervical , 12 thoracic , five lumbar , five sacral , and four coccygeal .
The backflow of urine from the bladder in to the ureters .
The backward inclination of an organ , especially of the womb ( uterine retroversion ) , when it is tipped back so that the neck ( cervix ) points towards the pubic symphysis ( the bone under the pubic hair ) .
The bacteria that cause pneumonia are usually sensitive to antibiotics , and recovery is usually quick .
The bacterium associated with pneumonia : Streptococcus pneumoniae .
The bacterium is normally present in the mouth but it may become pathogenic following an apical abscess or extraction of a tooth .
The bacterium thrives in improperly preserved foods , typically canned raw meats .
The balance between the amount of carbonic acid and bicarbonate in the blood , which must be maintained at a constant ratio of 1 : 20 in order to keep the hydrogen ion concentration of the plasma at a constant value ( pH 7 , 4 ) .
The band of electromagnetic radiation that is longer in wavelength than the red of the visible spectrum .
The basal ganglia have complex neural connections with both the cerebral cortex and thalamus .
The base of a hollow organ : the part farthest from the opening ; e . g . the fundus of the stomach , bladder , or uterus .
The basic functional unit of the nervous system is the neurone ( nerve cell ) .
The basic haploid set of chromosomes of an organism .
The basic types of conflict situation are approach – approach , in which the individual is drawn towards two attractive but mutually incompatible goals ; approach – avoidance , where the stimulus evokes reactions both to approach and to avoid ; and avoidance – avoidance , in which the avoidance reaction to one stimulus would bring the individual closer to an equally unpleasant stimulus .
The basic unit of all living organisms , which can reproduce itself exactly ( see mitosis ) .
The basic unit of genetic material , which is carried at a particular place on a chromosome .
The bed does not have to be remade , and the patient does not have to leave bed .
The behaviour can then be rewarded ( see reinforcement ) .
The behaviour is released and modified by environmental stimuli , but its pattern is relatively uniform and predetermined .
The bend in the colon , just underneath the liver , where the ascending colon joins the transverse colon .
The bending backward of an organ or part of an organ , especially of the upper part of the womb ( uterine retroflexion ) in relation to the lower part ( cervix ) .
The bending of a joint so that the bones forming it are brought towards each other .
The best known are the Wechsler Adult Intelligence Scale ( WAIS ) , the Weshsler Intelligence Scale for Children ( WISC ) , and the Stanford Binet Intelligence Scale .
The best known is the hepatic portal system , which consists of the portal vein and its tributaries ( see illustration ) .
The best results from the management of patients with myocardial infarction follow mobile and hospital - based coronary care with facilities for the early detection , prevention , and treatment of arrhythmias and cardiac arrest .
The best treatment for a localized tumour is simple mastectomy .
The best treatment for hernias , especially if they are painful , is surgical repair ( see hernioplasty ) .
The best treatment for localized disease is surgery involving removal of the testis ( see orchidectomy ) .
The best type is specially made to fit the individual .
The biceps femoris is situated at the back of the thigh and is responsible for flexing the knee , extending the thigh , and rotating the leg outwards .
The bile salts help to emulsify fats in the duodenum so that they can be more easily digested by pancreatic lipase into fatty acids and glycerol .
The binding of complement to the complex that is formed when an antibody reacts with a specific antigen .
The biochemical process , occurring chiefly in the liver and in muscle , by which glucose is converted into glycogen .
The biochemical process by which organic substances , particularly carbohydrates , are decomposed by the action of enzymes to provide chemical energy .
The biochemical process in which glucose , an inportant source of energy , is synthesized from non - carbohydrate sources , such as amino acids .
The bite of a few species can give rise to a serious paralysis , caused by a toxin in the tick 's saliva .
The bite of this tick can also give rise to a serious and sometimes fatal paralysis .
The bites of lice can cause intense irritation and , secondarily , bacterial infection .
The Black Death , the epidemic plague that ravaged Europe in the fourteenth century and killed over one third of the population , was a classical pandemic .
The black fungus , Piedraia hortai , is found mainly in the tropics and the white variety , Trichosporon cutaneum , in temperate regions .
The bladder dilates and the increased pressure is transmitted through the ureters to the kidney nephrons , leading to damage and impaired function of the kidneys .
The blastocyst is then implanted in the mother 's womb and the pregnancy continues normally thereafter .
The blending together of the nerve impulses that arrive through the thousands of synapses at a nerve cell body .
The blister beetle , lytta vesicatoria : source of the irritant and toxic chemical compound cantharidin .
The blood - sucking females of certain species transmit various diseases , including leishmaniasis , sandfly fever , and bartonellosis .
The blood and other materials discharged from the womb at menstruation .
The blood can then be used for transfusion into another patient .
The blood is collected by suction during the operation , filtered to remove bubbles and small blood clots , and returned into one of the patient 's veins through a drip .
The blood leaves the liver via a central vein in each lobule , which drains into the hepatic vein .
The blood loses all its oxygen and fluid passes from the stagnant capillary blood into the tissues .
The blood may also become infected ( see empyema ) .
The blood may come from the kidneys , one or both ureters , the bladder , or the urethra , as a result of injury or disease .
The blood may have been swallowed ( e . g . following nosebleed or tonsillectomy ) but more often arises from bleeding in the oesophagus , stomach , or duodenum .
The blood often comes from a vessel just inside the nostril , in which case the flow may be stopped by applying pressure on the side of the nose .
The blood sinus that surrounds the urethra of the male .
The blood supply to the limb and the growth of the skin and nails may also be abnormal .
The blood vessels ( supplied by the allantois ) are concentrated in the region of the chorion that is attached to the wall of the womb and forms the placenta .
The blood vessels contract and the small muscle attached to the base of each hair follicle also contracts , causing the hairs to stand up , this gives the skin an appearance of plucked goose skin .
The body of a tapeworm consists of a head ( scolex ) , a short neck , and a strobila made up of a chain of reparate segments ( proglottides ) .
The body of an adult contains on average 4g of iron , over half of which is contained in haemoglobin in the red blood cells , the rest being distributed between myoglobin in muscles , cytochromes , and iron stores in the form of ferritin and haemosiderin .
The body of an average adult contains about 25g of magnesium , concentrated mostly in the bones .
The body of the adult is divided into a head , thorax , and abdomen .
The body of the eye , which is roughly spherical , is bounded by the sclera , and lies in the orbit .
The body surface that overlies the pubis , at the font of the pelvis .
The body wall of the early embryo , which consists of a simple layer of ectoderm lined with mesoderm .
The body 's ability to resist infection , afforded by the presence of circulating antibodies and white blood cells .
The body 's normal reactions to stimuli are diminished and the body may become sedated or completely anaesthetized .
The body 's response to injury , which may be acute or chronic .
The bone defect is most often in the occipital region of the skull but it may occur in the frontal or basal regions .
The bone forming the forehead and the upper parts of the orbits .
The bone is restored to its normal position under anaesthesia , and a plaster slab is applied .
The bone lying between the parietal bones , at the back of the skull .
The bone may be either split or severely shattered .
The bones are restored to their normal positions by manipulation , which may require local or general anaesthesia ( see reduction ) .
The bones involved may become stunted and deformed .
The bones of the face and skull are membrane bones .
The bony labyrinth is the system of the bony canals and chambers that surround the membranous labyrinth .
The bony structure formed by the hip bones , sacrum , and coccyx : the bony pelvis ( see illustration ) .
The bony structure to which the bones of the lower limbs are attached .
The bony structure to which the bones of the upper limbs are attached .
The boy is overweight with sexual development absent and disturbances of sleep and appetite .
The brain and spinal cord together form the central nervous system .
The brain and the spinal cord , as opposed to the cranial and spinal nerves and the autonomic nervous system , which together form the peripheral nervous system .
The brain damage may be caused by injury during birth , haemorrhage , lack of oxygen before birth , meningitis , viral infection , or faulty development .
The brain floats in the fluid ( its weight so being reduced from about 1400g to less than 100g ) and is cushioned by it from contact with the skull when the head is moved vigorously .
The brain is divided into the hindbrain ( rhombencephalon ) , consisting of the medulla oblongata , pons Varolii , and cerebellum , the midbrain ( mesencephalon ) , and the forebrain ( prosencephalon ) , subdivided into the cerebrum and the diencephalon ( including the thalamus and hypothalamus ) .
The brain lipidoses ( see Gaucher 's disease , Hurler 's syndrome , Tay - Sachs disease ) are inborn defects causing the accummulation of lipids within the brain .
The brain receives two distinct images from the eyes , which it interprets as a single three - dimensional image .
The branch of anatomy dealing joint and their components .
The branch of dentistry concerned with the care and treatment of children 's teeth .
The branch of dentistry concerned with the growth and development of the dentition and the treatment of irregularities .
The branch of dentistry concerned with the prevention of dental disease .
The branch of dentistry concerned with the provision of dentures .
The branch of dentistry concerned with the tissues that support and attach the teeth and the prevention and treatment of periodontal disease .
The branch of medical science concerned with the care of women during pregnancy , childbirth , and the period of about six weeks following the birth , when the reproductive organs are recovering .
The branch of medicine concerned with assessing needs and trends in health and disease of populations as distinct from individuals .
The branch of medicine concerned with diseases of the mouth .
The branch of medicine concerned with disorders of the nose and nasal passages .
The branch of medicine concerned with the common disorders of children and adolescents .
The branch of medicine concerned with the diagnosis and treatment of disorders that occur in old age and with the care of the aged .
The branch of medicine concerned with the scientific investigation of the causes of injury and death in unexplained circumstances , particularly when criminal activity is suspected .
The branch of medicine concerned with the structure , function , and diseases of blood vessels .
The branch of medicine concerned with the study , investigation , and management of diseases of the kidney .
The branch of medicine concerned with the study and treatment of disease of the urinarty tract .
The branch of medicine concerned with the study of symptoms of disease .
The branch of medicine concerned with the use of radiation , including X - rays , and radioactive substances in the diagnosis and treatment of disease .
The branch of medicine dealing with the study of patients in bed and the diagnosis and treatment of disease at the bedside as opposed to the study of disease by pathology or other laboratory work .
The branch of medicine that deals with different methods of treatment and healing ( therapy ) , particularly use of drugs in the cure of disease .
The branch of medicine that is devoted to the study and treatment of eye diseases .
The branch of medicine that treats injuries , deformities , or disease by operation or manipulation .
The branch of medicine whose main aim is the prevention of disease .
The branch of NHS dentistry under the control of the health authorities .
The branch of psychiatry that deals with the mental disorders of old people .
The branch of psychology that records physiological measurements , such as the electrical resistance of the skin , the heart rate , the size of the pupil , and the electroencephalogram , and relates them to psychological events .
The branch of surgery in which extremely intricate operations are performed through highly refined operating microscopes using miniaturized precision instruments ( forceps , scissors , needles , etc ) .
The branch of treatment that employs physical methods to promote healing , including the use of light , infrared and ultraviolet rays , heat , electric current , massage , manipulation , and remedial exercise .
The breakdown of cells , particularly by destruction of their outer membranes .
The breakdown of diseased tissue into a dry cheeselike mass , a type of degeneration associated with tubercular lesions .
The breakdown of the cell nucleus in mitosis .
The breakdown product formadehyde is responsible for damage to the eyes .
The breakdown products are acidic and cause muscle pain .
The breaking apart of a blood vessel , organ , or tissue .
The breast feels lumpy due to the presence of cysts , and the condition is thought to be caused by hormone imbalance .
The breastbone ( sternum ) together with the costal cartilages attached to it .
The breastbone : a flat bone , 15 - 20 cm long , extending from the base of the neck to just below the diaphragm and forming the front part of the skeleton of the thorax .
The bright - red substance formed when the pigment haemoglobin in red blood cells combines reversibly with oxygen .
The bringing up of undigested material from the stomach to the mouth ( see vomiting ) .
The broad band of nervous tissue that connects the two cerebral hemispheres , containing an estimated 300 million fibres .
The broad ligament of the uterus ( womb ) : a sheet of connective tissue that carries blood vessels to the uterus ( womb ) and attaches it to the abdominal wall .
The bronchospasm cannot be relieved by bronchodilator drugs .
The brownish encrustations that form around the mouth and teeth of patients suffering from fevers .
The brownish or pink ring of tissue surrounding the nipple of the breast .
The bulk of the testis is made up of long convoluted seminiferous tubules ( see illustration ) , in which the spermatozoa develop ( see spermatogenesis ) .
The bulk of the tooth consists of dentine enclosing the pulp ( see illustration ) .
The bursting apart or open of an organ or tissue ; for example , the splitting of the membranes enclosing an infant during childbirth .
The cachet is swallowed intact by the patient .
The calcar avis is the projection in the medial wall of the lateral ventricle of the brain .
The calculation of appropriate doses for given conditions , usually the calculation for the treament of cancer in different parts of the body .
The calf muscles and later the shoulders and upper limbs often become firm and bulky .
The callus , which is visible on X - ray as a slightly opaque area , eventually becomes calcified and modelled .
The cancerous organ is heated to a temperature higher than body temperature , so that when the liposome passes through its blood vessels the membrane melts and the drug is released .
The caplike structure on the front end of a spermatozoon .
The cardiovascular system effects the circulation of blood around the body , which brings about transport of nutrients and oxygen to the tissues and the removal of waste products .
The care of a premature baby in an incubator .
The carpus articulates with the metacarpals distally and with the humerus and radius proximally .
The carrying angle is the obtuse angle formed between the forearm and the upper arm when the forearm is fully extended and the hand is supinated .
The cartilage , shaped like a signet ring , that forms part of the anterior and lateral walls and most of the posterior wall of the larynx .
The casts can be observed on microscopic examination of the centrifuged deposit of a specimen of urine .
The catalysts of biochemical reactions are the enzymes .
The catgut gradually dissolves and is absorbed by the tissues , so that the stitches do not have to be removed later .
The catheter is then withdrawn carrying the embolus with it .
The cauda equina is a bundle of nerve roots from the lumbar , sacral , and coccygeal spinal nerves that descend nearly vertically from the spinal cord until they reach their respective openings in the vertebral column .
The causal agent has not been identified .
The causative agent of gonorrhoea : the bacterium Neisseria gonorrhoeae .
The cause in unknown but most birthmarks grow before the baby is born .
The cause is abnormal scratching or rubbing of the skin .
The cause is not clear ; treatment is palliative and the condition resolves in 10 - 14 days .
The cause is not known and the condition is frequently self - limiting , though permanent deformity of the affected bone may result .
The cause is not known but it tends to run in families , and in countries such as Japan , where prolonged breast feeding is the rule , the incidence of breast cancer is very low .
The cause is uncertain , but appears to be associated with impaired ability of the neurotransmitter acetylcholine to induce muscular contraction .
The cause is uncertain but irritant foods or drinks or too much alcohol may play a part , and extremes of climate may aggravate the condition .
The cause is unknown , but the condition is often associated with stress or anxiety and may follow severe infection of the intestine .
The cause is unknown and the condition usually resolves without treatment , but in some cases local injection of cortocosteroids are required .
The cause is unknown and there is no treatment .
The cause is unknown and treatment is unsatisfactrory in Europeans .
The cause is unknown and treatment unsatisfactory .
The cause is unknown but the disease may be associated with tuberculosis or , more commonly , perniosis .
The cause may be a mechanical block in the bile ducts , such as a stone ( extrahepatic biliary obstruction ) , or liver disease , such as that caused by the drugs chlorpromazine in some hypersensitive individuals ( intrahepatic cholestasis ) .
The cause of homosexuality remains unclear , although explanations in terms of either a deviant family structure or an environment with limited opportunities for heterosexual contacts are increasingly accepted .
The cause of nephrocalcinosis must be detected by full biochemical , radiological , and urological investigation so that appropriate treatment can be undertaken .
The cause of the illness is complicated - problems within the family and rejection of adult sexuality are often factors involved .
The cause of this condition is unknown and recovery normally occurs spontaneously .
The causes and treatment are similar to those of fibrillation .
The causes are similar to those of complete heart block .
The causes include disease , injury , or atheroma in major blood vessels , frostbite or severe burns , and diseases such as diabetes mellitus and Raynaud 's disease .
The causes may include virus infections or allergic reactions , but evidence is growing that cot deaths are less likely in breast - fed babies and more likely in households with vary low income levels .
The cavity , lined with mesoderm , that surrounds the embryo from the earliest stages of development .
The cavity in an embryo between the two layers of mesoderm .
The cavity in the skull that contains the eye .
The cavity increases the surface area of the embryo and thus improves its ability to absorb nutrients and oxygen .
The cavity of the mouth , which contains the tongue and teeth and leads to the pharynx .
The cell body is flask - shaped , with numerous dendrites branching from the neck and extending fanwise among other cells towards the surface and a long axon that runs from the base deep into the cerebellum ( see illustration ) .
The cell from which all classes of blood cells are derived .
The cell membrane that encloses a muscle cell ( muscle fibre ) .
The cell membranes at a desmosome are thickened and fine fibres ( tonofibrils ) extend from the desmosome into the cytoplasm .
The cells ( blastomeres ) do not grow between divisions and so they decrease in size .
The cells are elongated radically to the ovum when seen in section .
The cells have been ascribed the function of providing nutrients for neurones and possibly of taking part in information storage processes .
The cells interspersed between the seminiferous tubules of the testis .
The cells may be of the same type ( e . g . in nervous tissue ) or of different types ( e . g . in connective tissue ) .
The cells may be spherical ( coccus ) , rodlike ( bacillus ) , spiral ( spirillum ) , comma - shaped ( vibrio ) or corkscrew - shaped ( spirochaete ) .
The cells may be subclassified into two major categories , namely red cells ( erythrocytes ) , and white cells ( leucocytes ) , which include granulocytes , lymphocytes , and monocytes ( see illustration ) .
The cells of the retina , for example , are sensitive to the stimulus of light and respond by sending nerve impulses to the brain .
The cells of these tumours show varying degrees of differentiation .
The cells rest on a common basement membrane , which separates epithelium from underlying connective tissue .
The cells that appear blue are juvenile erythrocytes ( see reticulocyte ) .
The cells that lay down the myelin sheath around the axon of a medullated nerve fibre .
The censor is usually regarded as being located in the superego but was also described by Freud as being in the ego itself .
The central fleshy portion of a muscle .
The central portion of the cerebellum , lying between its two lateral hemispheres and immediately behind the pons and the medulla oblongata of the hinbrain .
The centrally situated cavity ( syrinx ) is especially likely to damage the motor nerve cells and the nerve fibres that transmit the sensations of pain and temperature .
The centre works through vasomotor nerves of the sympathetic and para - symparthetic systems .
The centromere may be included in the inverted segment ( pericentric inversion ) or not ( para - centric inversion ) .
The cercariae , which have tails but otherwise resemble the adults , are released into water from the snail host in which the parasite undergoes part of its development .
The cereal grain is allowed to germinate and the malt is extracted with hot water .
The cerebellum is essential for the maintenance of muscle tone , balance , and the synchronization of activity in groups of muscles under voluntary control , converting muscular contractions into smooth coordinated movement .
The cerebrosides are examples of glycolipids .
The cerebrum is responsible for the initiation and coordination of all voluntary activity in the body and for governing the functioning of lower parts of the nervous system .
The cervix is capable of very wide dilation during childbirth .
The cessation of effective pumping action of the heart , which most commonly occurs when the muscle fibres of the ventricles start to beat rapidly without pumping any blood ( ventricular fibrillation ) or when the heart stops beating completely ( asystole ) .
The cessation or complete inhibition of any physiological activity .
The change in direction of light rays when they pass obliquely from one transparent medium to another , of a different density .
The change in voltage that occurs across the menbrane of nerve or muscle cell when a nerve impulse is triggered .
The changes in the body that occur in certain infectious disease , once thought to be the result of a process similar to formentation .
The changes in the physical and physiological properties of a protein that are brought about by heat , X - rays , or chemicals .
The changes may be caused by a defective blood supply or by disease .
The changes that take place in the retina and pupil of the eye enabling vision in very dim light .
The changes undergone by a cell in the course of its life cycle .
The changing of the position of a fetus in the womb .
The changing of the shape of an infant 's head during labour , brought about by the pressures to which it is subjected when passing through the birth passage .
The channels of communication between the blood vessels supplying the heart .
The characteristic anatomical appearance of an individual , based on the predominance of the structures derived from the three germ layers ( ectoderm , mesoderm , endoderm ) .
The characteristic feeling of a wave motion produced in a fluid filled part of the body by an examiner 's fingers .
The chemical benzidine , once used in medical laboratories , is also known to be a carcinogen .
The chemical bonds of the phosphate groups store energy neded by the cell , for muscle contraction , this energy is released when ATP is split into ADP or AMP .
The chemical compound dimethyl dipyridilium , widely used as a weed - killer .
The chemical decomposition of complex substances by the body to form simpler ones , accompanied by the release of energy .
The chest : the part of the body cavity between the neck and the diaphragm .
The chief buffer of the blood and extracellular body fluids is the bicarbonate ( H2CO3 / HCO3 ) system .
The chief symptom is abdominal pain , first central and later ( with tenderness ) in the right lower abdomen , over the appendix .
The chief symptom is gangrene of the fingers and toes , with diarrhoea and vomiting , nausea , and headache .
The chief value of the method is in detecting those disorders causing a displacement of the midline structures of the brain .
The child cannot be comforted because he remains mentally inaccessible .
The child fails to thrive and there is usually associated gastrointestinal .
The child has a waddling gait and lordosis of the lumbar spine .
The child is asked to look fixedly at an object with one eye while the other is kept open but covered by the hand of the observer .
The child usually recovers without treatment .
The children attending them are drawn from the district around the clinic .
The choice of anticonvulsant is distated by the type of fit and the patient 's response .
The chordae tendineae are stringlike processess in the heart that attach the margins of the mitral and tricuspid valve leaflets to projections of the wall of the ventricle ( papillary muscles ) .
The chromosome set of an individual of species described in terms of both the number and structure of the chromosomes .
The circular opening in the centre of the iris , through which light passes into the lens of the eye .
The classic sign is a lump in the breast , which is often noticed after minor local injury ; bleeding or discharge from the nipple may occur infrequently .
The classical sites are the base of skull and the region of the sacrum .
The classification of neuroses is based on the symptoms , which may be a pathologically severe emotional state , as in anxiety state or depression ; distressing behaviour and thoughts , as in phobias or obsessions ; or physical complaints , as in hysteria or hypochondria .
The clear alkaline fluid secreted by the glands of the small intestine .
The clear watery fluid that surrounds the brain and spinal cord .
The climax of sexual excitement , which in men occurs simultaneously with ejaculation .
The clinical features , causes , and treatment are those of cardiac arrest .
The clinical features depend upon the site at which an embolus lodges ( for example , a stroke may result from a cerebral embolism and gangrene from a limb embolism ) .
The clinical syndrome due to hypothyroidism in adult life , including coarsening of the skin , intolerance to cold , weight gain , and mental dullness .
The closer the object is approached the wilder become the movements .
The closing of the eyelids when the supraorbital nerve is struck , due to contraction of the muscle surrounding the orbit ( orbicularis oculi muscle ) .
The closing or obstruction of a hollow organ or part .
The closure of a passage , such as the main airway to the lungs ( resulting in the cessation of breathing ) , a blood vessel , or the gastrointestinal tract .
The clumping together of the body 's own red blood cells by antibodies produced against them , which occurs in acquired haemolytic anaemia ( an autoimmune disease ) .
The CNS is responsible for the integration of all nervous activities .
The coagulation and destruction of tissues by cautery .
The coagulation of tissues by means of a high - frequency electric current concentrated at one point as it passes through them .
The cochlear nerve carries impuless from the spiral cochlea and is therefore the nerve of hearing , while the vestibular nerve serves equilibrium , carrying impuless from the semicircular canals , utricles , and saccules with information about posture , mevement , and balance .
The code is translated into protein at the ribosomes ( see transcription , translation ) .
The coeliac trunk is a branch of the abdominal aorta supplying the stomach , spleen , liver , and gall bladder .
The collar bone : a long slender curved bone , a pair of which form the front part of the shoulder girdle .
The collection and analysis of information relating to persons in a population or group at a defined point in time , with particular reference to their individual characteristicss and exposure to factors thought likely to predispose to disease .
The collection of lymphatic tissue at the rear of the nose .
The colon has no digestive function but it absorbs large amounts of water and electrolytes from the undigested food passed on from the small intestine .
The colostomy may be temporary , eventually being closed after weeks or months to restore continuity , or permanent , usually when the rectum or lower colon has been removed .
The colour can then be compared with those standard charts so that the concentration of a particular compound in solution can be estimated .
The columella nasal is the anterior part of the nasal septum .
The combination of erectile hairs , sweat glands , and blood capillaries in the skin from part of the temparature regulating mechanism of the body .
The combination of organs and tissues associated with breathing .
The combination of organs and tissues associated with the process of reproduction .
The committee meets regularly ( e . g . every two months ) and has separate subcommittees for each of the four services as well as those concerned with vacancies , hours of availability , and allocation of patients who are refused acceptance by all general practitioners in the vicinity .
The common carotid artery arises on the left side directly from the aortic arch and on the right from the innominate artery .
The common laxatives are the irritants castor oil and jalop ; senna and its derivatives ; magnesium sulphate and other mineral salts ; and methylcellulose and other bulking agents .
The common rat flea of temperate regions , N . fasciatus will , in the absence of rats , bite man and may therefore transmit plague or murine typhus from an infected rat population .
The commonest are tiny floating spots that most people can see occasionally , especially when gazing at a brightly illuminated background ( such as a blue sky ) .
The commonest cause is cirrhosis , but other diseases of the liver or thrombosis of the portal vein will also produce it .
The commonest cause is cirrhosis of the liver .
The commonest cause is enlargement of the prostate gland in men , although many other conditions may result in obstruction of bladder outflow .
The commonest cause of prolonged mydriasis is drug therapy ( see mydriatic ) or injury to the eye .
The commonest cause of the condition is alcoholism , especially when this has led to deficiency of thiamin ( vitamin B1 ) .
The commonest causes are coeliac disease , pancreatitis , cystic fibrosis , stagnant loop syndrome , or surgical removal of a length of small intestine .
The commonest causes are Crohn 's disease and tuberculosis .
The commonest causes of blindness are trachoma , onchocerciasis , and vitamin A deficiency ( see night blindness ) but there is wide geographic variation .
The commonest chart used for testing sharpness of distant vision ( see visual acuity ) .
The commonest epidemics today are of influenza .
The commonest form of ringworm is athlete 's foot ( tinea pedis ) , which affects the skin between the toes .
The commonest pyrimidines are cytosine , thymine , and uracil , which form the nucleotides of nucleic acids .
The commonest reason for performing this is to allow removal of a stone ( see uerterolithotomy ) .
The commonest side - effect is the development of abdominal cramps .
The commonest side - effects are allergic skin reactions .
The commonest type , condyloma acuminatum , is found on the vulva , under the foreskin , or on the skin of the anal region .
The commonest type is amblyopia ex anopsia , in which factors such as squint ( see strabismus ) , cataract , and other abnormalities of the optics of the eye ( see refraction ) impair its normal use in early childhood by preventing the formation of a clear image on the retina .
The commonest type is homonymous hemianopia , in which the same half ( right or left ) in lost in both eyes .
The commonest type is senile cataract , seen frequently in the elderly , but some cataracts are congenital , while others are due to metabolic disease , such as diabetes , galactosaemia , and hypocalcaemia .
The commonest type is senile ectropion , in which the lower eyelid droops because of loss of the elasticity of its tissues in old age .
The commonest type is spastic entropion of the lower eyelid , due to spasm of the muscle that closes the eye ( orbicularis oculi ) .
The commonest variety , acne vulgaris , generally starts in adolescence and is caused by overactivity of the sebaceous glands .
The commonest way of assessing visual acuity is the Snellen chart , which measures the resolving power of the eye .
The complete absence of bacteria , fungi , viruses , or other micro organisms that could cause disease .
The complete absence of sperm from the seminal fluid .
The complete downward displacement ( prolapse ) of an organ , especially the womb ( uterine procidentia ) , which protrudes from the vaginal opening .
The complete surgical removal of tissue , an organ , or a growth .
The components of the serum are separated by electrophoresis and allowed to diffuse thyrough agar gel towards a particular antiserum .
The composition of milk varies very much from mammal to mammal .
The comprise the frontal sinuses and the maxillary sinuses ( one pair of each ) , the ethmoid sinuses ( consisting of many spaces inside the ethmoid bone ) , and the two sphenoid sinuses ( see illustration ) .
The concave appearance of the upper surface of a vertebra that has been fractured by compression .
The concentration of glucose in the blood , normally expressed in millimoles per litre .
The concentration of glucose in the blood is maintained at around 5 mmol / l by a variety of hormones , principally insullin and glucagon .
The condition , sometimes restricted to the neck of the womb , is a reaction to bacterial attack upon the menbranes , possibly following physical damage .
The condition associated with circulatory collapse , when the arterial blood pressure is too low to maintain an adequate supply of blood to the tissues .
The condition can also be diagnosis prenatally , by amniocentesis .
The condition can arise if gas is produced by gas - forming bacteria as part of an empyema or if air is introduced during attempts to drain the pus from an empyema .
The condition can be corrected by colpopexy .
The condition can be corrected by osteotomy or interposition arthroplasty .
The condition can be diagnosed at about the 16th week of pregnancy by a test on the amniotic fluid ( see amniocentesis ) , so making termination of the pregnancy possible .
The condition can be treated by administration of thyroxine .
The condition can be treated successfully by fluid restriction , various drugs , or use of noctunal alarm ( see bell and pad ) .
The condition can be treated surgically by creating patches of scartissue between the retina and the choroid ( by application of extreme heat or cold ; see photocoagulation ) , which combined with plombage , stick it back into place .
The condition caused by an improper balance between what an individual eats and what he erquires to maintain health .
The condition caused by lack of a vitamin .
The condition causes severe illness , with fever , liver abscesses , and ascites .
The condition id diagnosed by X - rays , which show characteristic malformation of the growing ends ( epiphyses ) of the bones , and examination of the urine .
The condition in which a blood clot ( thrombus ) , formed at one point in the circulation , becomes detached and lodges at another point .
The condition in which a child ( usually aged 2 - 4 years ) , soon after falling asleep , starts screaming and appears terrified .
The condition in which a woman is sexually attracted to , or engages in sexual behaviour with , another woman ( see also homesexuality ) .
The condition in which alternate ectopic beats of the heart are transmitted to the pulse and felt as a double pulse beat ( pulsus bigeminus ) .
The condition in which an embolus becomes lodged in an artery and obstructs its blood flow .
The condition in which an individual assumes a number of different forms during its life cycle .
The condition in which bronchospasm can be relieved by bronchodilator drugs is known as reversible obstructive airways disease and includes asthma , that in which bronchodilator drugs have no effects is irreversible obstructive airways disease and includes chronic bronchitis .
The condition in which excess fat has accumulated in the body , mostly in the subcutaneous tissues .
The condition in which multiple telangiectases occur is termed telangiectasia .
The condition in which parallel light rays are brought to a focus behind the retina when the accommodation is relaxed ( see illustration ) .
The condition in which parallel light rays are brought to a focus in front of the retina ( see illustration ) .
The condition in which sexual pleasure is obtained by dressing in the clothes of the opposite sex .
The condition in which the blood contains an abnormally high number of mononuclear leucocytes .
The condition in which the chromosome number of a cell is not an exact multiple of the normal basic ( haploid ) number .
The condition in which the power of refraction in one eye differs markedly from that in the other .
The condition in which the testes fail to descend into the scrotum and are retained within the abdomen or inguinal canal .
The condition in which the upper and lower teeth are abnormally related .
The condition in which there is an abnormal curve in the ascending line of a pulse tracing .
The condition is accompanied by a white or yellow discharge .
The condition is almost entirely restricted to women .
The condition is associated with the accumulation of salt and water in the tissues .
The condition is chronic and treatment is by removal with a curette , electrocautery , or by instilling carbolic acid locally .
The condition is corrected by wearing spectacles with concave lenses .
The condition is diagnosed by a blood test , which shows the presence of the rheumatoid factor , and by X - rays revealing typical changes ( rheumatoid erosions ) around the affected joints .
The condition is due to hysteria or to conscious malingering .
The condition is extremely rare except as a side - effect of the drug thalidomide taken during early pregnancy .
The condition is found in negroes and is associated with going barefoot .
The condition is harmless and is usually recognized as an incidental finding on X - ray .
The condition is most common and serious among premature infants ( especially between the 32nd and 37th weeks of gestation ) , in whom surfactant is liable to be deficient .
The condition is most common in the elderly , rarely occurring before the age of 50 .
The condition is often associated with high blood pressure or pre - eclampsia .
The condition is one of the collagen diseases .
The condition is only important in that it needs to be distinguished from true failure of descent of the testes into the scrotum , which requires early surgical treatment ( see cryptorchidism ) .
The condition is painless and harmless .
The condition is probably brought on by inadequate treatment with quinine .
The condition is treated by careful nursing , intravenous fluids , and oxygen , with or without positive pressure by a respirator .
The condition is treated by drinking plenty of water , severe cases require intravenous administration of water and salts ( which have been lost with the water ) .
The condition is treated by injections of vitamin B12 .
The condition is treated by surgical division of the fibrous bands joining tendon and skin .
The condition is treated with antibiotics or by surgical removal of the diseased tube ( s ) .
The condition is treated with oxygen , which is paramount , and antibiotics .
The condition is usually associated with emotional disorder , and the " tumour " may disappear under anaesthesia .
The condition is usually caused by psychological and social factors , which affect the development of sexuality .
The condition is usually congenital and associated with poor visual acuity and defective colour vision .
The condition is worse in cold weather and there is no satisfactory treatment .
The condition may affect one or both testes .
The condition may arise accidentally , if nerves are diseased or damaged , or be induced deliberately by the use of pain - killing drugs ( see analgesic ) .
The condition may arise because the hymen at the entrance to the vagina lacks an opening or because of some other obstruction .
The condition may arise from overeating , hormone irregularities , or a metabolic disorder .
The condition may be acute and painful or chronic and painless .
The condition may be associated with parametritis .
The condition may be associated with puerperal fever .
The condition may be associated with the formation of stones in the kidneys or bladder .
The condition may be caused by infection of the soft tissues , tendon sheaths , bone , or joints or by some rheumatic diseases , such as psoriatic arthritis .
The condition may be corrected by osteotomy .
The condition may be due to malasorption , wrong feeding , metabolic disorders , repeated vomiting , diarrhoea , severe disease of the heart , lungs , kidneys , or urinary tract , or chronic bacterial or parasitic disease ( especially in tropical climates ) .
The condition may be prevented by appropriate treatment of the septal defect before irreversible pulmonary hypertension develops .
The condition may be prevented by oestrogen therapy in the menopause ( this use of oestrogens is controversial ) .
The condition may become extreme if breast - feeding continues for a very long time or if the reproductive tract becomes seriously infected shortly after delivery .
The condition may become irreversible if treatment with vitamin D is not given .
The condition may occur in psoriasis and in fungus infection of the skin and nail bed .
The condition may occur in syphilis , diabetes mellitus , and syringomyelia .
The condition may progress to chronic rheumatic heart disease , with scarring and chronic inflammation of the heart and its valves leading to heart failure , murmurs , and damage to the valves .
The condition may resolve spontaneously and often undergoes periods of remission of symptoms .
The condition may result from inadequate water in - take and from excessive removal of water from the body ; for example , by sweating , vomiting , or diarrhoea .
The condition may result from overuse and is most common in those past middle life .
The condition occurs in children with brain damage and in adults after strokes .
The condition of a newborn infant in which the lungs are imperfectly expanded .
The condition of a woman with regard to the number of pregnancies she has had that have each resulted in the birth of an infant capable of survival .
The condition of ageing , which is often marked by a decrease in physical and mental abilities .
The condition of being sexually attracted , coverly or overtly , by members of one 's own sex .
The condition of cells , tissues , or organisms in which there is one complete set of chromosomes or a whole multiple of this set in each cell .
The condition of complete balance between the movements of the two eyes , such as that perfect alignment is maintained even when one eye is covered .
The condition of having a relatively long skull , with a cephalic index of 75 or less .
The condition of having abnormally small breasts .
The condition of having abnormally small eyelids .
The condition of having more than the normal number of fingers or toes .
The condition of ketosis can occur when excess ketone bodies are produced .
The condition of obtaining sexual pleasure by watching other people undressing or enjoying sexual relations .
The condition of one who firmly believes that he ( or she ) belongs to the sex opposite to his ( or her ) biological gender .
The condition of retreating from realistic thinking to self - centred fantasy thinking , a symptom of personality disorder and schizophrenia .
The condition of two or more objects being alike in shape or structure .
The condition often results from sudden twisting or bending of the backbone .
The condition predisposes to acne and is common at puberty , usually lasting for a few years .
The condition progresses slowly to the state of fibrosis , emphysema , and bronchiectasis known as honeycomb lung .
The condition ranges from twins joined only by the umbilical blood vessels ( i . e . allantoido - angio - pagous twins ) to those in whom conjoined heads or trunk are inseparable .
The condition resulting from destruction ( haemolysis ) of the red blood cells of the fetus by antibodies in the mother 's blood passing through the placenta .
The condition resulting from excess amounts of corticosteroid hormones in the body .
The condition resulting from excessive consumption of vitamins .
The condition results from disease ( such as sleeping sickness ) or hypnosis .
The condition settles spontaneously as the child grows older , but it may persist into teenage and rarely adult life .
The condition sometimes follows strenuous exercise .
The condition that results from unaccustomed exposure to a high altitude ( 4500m or more above sea level ) .
The condition usually has an emotional basis and is determined by hormones secreted by the pituitary gland .
The condition usually involves the knees and may be recurrent .
The condition usually responds to treatment with antibiotics , applied locally , within 7 to 10 days .
The condition usually starts in childhood and becomes chronic .
The condyle articulates with the temporal bone of the cranium to form the temporomandibular joint ( a hinge joint ) .
The cone monochromat has normal visual acuity , his cones appear to respond normally to light but to be completely unable to discriminate colours .
The cone tends to become sharper with age .
The confluence of the sinuses is the meeting point of the superior sagittal , transverse , straight , and occipital venous sinuses in the dura mater in the occipital region of the skull .
The confusion arises because sensory nerves from different parts of the body share common pathways when they reach the spinal cord .
The congenital absence of all but one digit on each hand and foot .
The congenital absence of some of the fingers and toes .
The congenital absence of some of the teeth .
The congenital deformity of a cleft in the upper lip , on one or both sides of the midline .
The conical central pillar of the cochlea in the inner ear .
The conical end of the spinal cord , at the level of the lower end of the first lumbar vertebra .
The conjunctiva lining the eyelids contains many blood vessels but that over the eyeball contains few and is transparent .
The conjunctiva of the eyelids becomes inflamed , leading to discharge of pus .
The constant repetition of a complex action , which is carried out in the same way each time .
The constituents of semen are not released simultaneously , but in the following sequence : the secretion of Cowper 's glands followed by that of the prostate gland and the spermatozoa and finally the secretion of the seminal vesicles .
The constriction of the pupil that occurs when an individual focuses on a near object .
The constriction of the shaft of the humerus , below the head .
The contents of the intestines are propelled forwards by means of rhythmic muscular contractions ( see peristalsis ) .
The contents of the zygote , formed by the fusion of sex cells , divide repeatedly and eventually release a number of sporozoites .
The continuous infusion into a vein of saline or other solution .
The continuous infusion under the skin of saline or other medicated solution to clean away blood , pus , and foreign matter from a wound .
The contrast medium ( e . g . Cardioconray ) is injected directly into the atria , ventricles , or great vessels of the heart by means of a slim sterile flexible tube ( cardiac catheter ) , which is manipulated into position from an accessible point , such as a vein or artery in a limb ( see cardiac catheterization ) .
The conversion of dead tissue into a hard shrunken mass , chiefly by dehydration .
The conversion of glucose , by a series of ten enzyme - catalysed reactions , to lactic acid .
The conversion of lung tissue , which normally holds air , into a solid liver - like mass during the course of acute lobar pneumonia .
The convulsion is modified by giving a muscle relaxant drug and an anaesthetic , so that in fact only a few muscle twitches are produced .
The coracoid process curves upwards and forwards from the neck of the scapula and provides attachment for ligaments and muscles .
The cord , consisting of the vas deferens , nerves , and blood vessels , that runs from the abdominal cavity to the testicle in the scrotum .
The cords lose their vibrance ( owing to swelling ) and the voice becomes husky or is lost completely .
The cornea and conjunctiva become dry , thickened , and wrinkled .
The cornea contains no blood vessels and it is extremely sensitive to pain .
The cornea softens and may become perforated .
The corona capitis is the crown of the head .
The coronal plane divides the body into dorsal and ventral parts ( see illustration ) .
The cortex is a yellowish tissue surrounding the medulla .
The cortex is the seat of all intelligent behaviour .
The cough becomes paroxysmal : series of short coughs are followed by involuntary drawing in of the breath , which produces the whooping sound .
The counsellor listens sympathetically , attempting to identify with the client , tries to clarify current problems , and sometimes gives advice .
The coupling of the output of a process to the input .
The course of the illness is characterized by recurrent relapses followed by remissions .
The course of this condition may be helped by regular washing , the removal of blackheads , and sometimes the use of antibiotics .
The covering consists of a closed sac of serous membrane , which has a smooth shiny moist surface due to the secretion of small amounts of fluid .
The covering of the lungs ( visceral pleura ) and of the inner surface of the chest wall ( parietal pleura ) ( see illustration ) .
The crab ( or pubic ) louse , P . pubic , is a common parasite of man that lives permanently attached to the body hair , particularly that of the pubic or perianal regions but also on the eyelashes and the hairs in the armpits .
The cranial sutures include the coronal suture , between the frontal and parietal bones ; the lambdoidal suture , between the parietal and occipital bones ; and the sagittal suture , between two parietal bones ( see illustration ) .
The creation of a hole in an organ , tissue , or tube .
The cristae respond to changes in the rate of movement of the head , being activated by pressure from the fluid in the semicircular cannals .
The crus cerebri is one of two symmetrical nerve tracts situated between the medulla oblongata and the cerebral hemispheres .
The crushing of the head of the fetus in the womb by means of a special instrument ( cranioclast ) .
The crystals may enlarge to become gallstones .
The CSF is secreted by the choroid plexuses in the ventricles , circulates through them to reach the subarachnoid space , and is eventually absorbed into the bloodstream through the arachnoid villi .
The cubital fossa is the triangular hollow at the front of the elbow joint .
The cuff is applied to a limb ( usually the arm ) and inflated to exert pressure on a large artery until the blood flow stops .
The cuirass respirator works on a similar principle , but leaves the limbs free .
The culture of living tissue , removed from the body , in a suitable medium supplied with nutrients and oxygen .
The cup - shaped cartilage in the head of an embryo that later develops into the bony labyrinth of the ear .
The cup - shaped end of a nephron , which encloses a knot of blood capillaries ( glomerulus ) .
The curved inner ridge of the pinna of the ear .
The curved lower margin of the fourth ventricle of the brain , between the medulla oblongata and the cerebellum .
The cutting apart and separation of the body tissues along the natural divisions of the organs and different tissues in the course of an operation .
The cutting up of a fetus during difficult birth by means of an instrument called an embryotome , in order to aid delivery and reduce the danger to the mother .
The cycle is the final step ; some of the intermediary products of the cycle are used in the synthesis of amino acids .
The cyst arises from the epididymis ( the duct conveying sperm from the testis ) and can be felt as a lump above the testis .
The cyst is opened , its contents removed , and the edges then stitched to the skin incision .
The cystosope consists of a metal sheath surrounding a telescope and light - conducting bundles .
The cysts develop in the muscles or brain of the host following ingestion of tapeworm eggs .
The cysts of Echinococcus multilocularis form malignant tumours .
The daily commended adult intake is 3 - 4 g .
The daily requirement of iodine in an adult is thought to be about 150 g per day .
The damage is mainly in the frontal and temporal lobes of the brain , in contrast with the diffuse degeneration of Alzheimer 's disease .
The damaged cells , particularly mast cells , release histamine and serotonin , which are responsible for the local inflammation of an allergy or the very severe effects of anaphylactic shock ( see anaphylaxis ) .
The dark area aruond thi nipple is called the areola .
The darker coloured tissues of the central nervous system , composed mainly of the cell bodies of neurones , branching dendrites , and glial cells ( compare white matter ) .
The data , based on a sample of episodes of illness ( as distinct from individual patients ) , include diagnosis on discharge or death , duration on the waiting list , and length of stay .
The days in each menstrual cycle when conception is least likely .
The death of a baby , usually occurring overnight while is it in its cot , from an unidentifiable .
The death of part or the whole of an organ occurs when the artery carrying its blood supply is obstructed by a blood clot ( thrombus ) or an embolus .
The death of some or all of the cells in an organ or tissue , caused by disease , physical or chemical injury , or interference with the blood supply ( see gangrene ) .
The decibel is much more widely used than the bel .
The deciduous dentition comprises the teeth of young children .
The deep layer of the cornea ( Descemet 's membrane ) is elastic and very resistant to ulceration .
The defect can be corrected by wearing cylindrical lenses , which produce exactly the opposite degree of distortion and thus cancel out the distortion caused by the eye itself .
The defect is present at birth and can be corrected by orthopaedic splinting in the early months of infancy .
The defect is thought to be in the functioning of the light - sensitive cells in the retina responsible for colour perception ( see cone ) .
The defect may be congenital , as in a cleft palate , or result from the removal of a tumour .
The defect may be in the pulmonary valve ( valvular stenosis ) or in the outflow tract of the right ventricle below the valve ( infundibular stenosis ) .
The defect may be primarily in the liver ( hepatic porphyria ) or in the bone marrow ( erythropoietic porphyria ) or both .
The deficiency therefore leads to progressive decalcification of bony tissues , often causing bone pain .
The definition of what is normal varies with different cultures .
The deformity may occur during growth for no apparent reason ( idiopathic kyphoscoliosis ) or may result from any of several diseases involving the vertebrae and spinal muscles .
The defromity is due to collapse of the anterior part of a vertebra , usually caused by osteoporosis , a secondary malignant deposit , or tuberculosis .
The degenerative process that affects the majority of ovarian follicles .
The degree Medicine Doctor ( MD ) is awarded by some British universities as a research degree .
The degree of divergence of two lines or planes that meet each others ; the space between two such lines .
The degree of fatigue is so extreme that these muscles are temporarily paralyzed .
The degree of immunity that the body possesses : a measure of its ability to withstand disease .
The degree to which a disease or disease causing organism remains unaffected by antibiotics or other drugs .
The degree to which a substance is poisonous .
The degree to which individual details can be distinguished by the eye , as through a microscope .
The degree to which the body 's defense systems with tolerate the presence of intruding foreign material , such as blood when transfused or a kidney when transplanted .
The deleterious effects of a toxin ; poisoning : includes any disease caused by the toxic effects of any substances .
The deliberate breaking of a malformed or malunited bone , carried out by a surgeon to correct deformity .
The deliberate introduction of fluid into a tissue , usually by infection into the blood vessels supplying the tissue .
The delicate connective tissue membrane that surrounds a tendon .
The delicate mucous membrane that covers the front of the eye and lines the inside of the eyelids .
The delivery of a baby by cutting open the mother 's abdomen and womb ( see Caesarean section ) .
The delusion that a person closely involved with the patient has been replaced by an identical - looking impostor .
The dense layer of fibrous connective tissue that covers the surface of cartilage .
The dense mass of chromatin found in the cell nucleus , which is composed mainly of chromosomes .
The dentine is permeated by fine tubules , which close to the centre of the tooth contain cellular processes from the pulp .
The dentine of the crown is covered by enamel and that of the root by cementum .
The department is staffed by civil servants , including medical and nursing personnel and those from other health professions .
The deposition of calcium salts in tissue .
The deposition of fat may be linked with incorrect diet , excessive alcohol consumption , or a shortage of oxygen in the tissues caused by poor circulation or a deficiency of haemoglobin .
The deposition of iron oxide dust in the lungs , occurring in silver finishers , arc welders , and haematite miners .
The depressor labii inferioris is a muscle that draws down and everts the lower lip .
The dermatitis is caused by friction , warmth , moisture , and sweat and is often aggravated by infection .
The descent of the womb into the pelvic cavity at a late stage of pregnancy , usually two to three weeks before labour begins but sometimes , in women who have given birth previously , not until the onset of labour .
The despair , humiliation , and loneliness of compulsive gamblers is neither widely known nor understood .
The destruction and removal of the surface of the skin or the covering of an organ by scraping , the application of a chemical , or other means .
The destruction of cells through damage or rupture of the plasma membrane , allowing escape of the cell contents .
The destruction of diseased or unwanted tissue by means of a needle or snare that is electrically heated ( see diathermy ) .
The destruction of insect pests and other animal parasites .
The destruction of tissue by heat released from the absorption of light shone on it .
The destruction of tissues caused by excessive amounts of phosphorus in the system .
The destruction of tissues or cells brought about by the actions of their own enzymes .
The destruction of tumours and tumour cells .
The destruction of unwanted tissues by heat ( see cauterize ) .
The destruction with a diathermy instrument of warts , growths , or unwanted areas of tissue , particularly inside the bladder .
The detachment by surgery of a muscle or tendon from its normal attachment site and its reattachment at a more advanced ( anterior ) point .
The deterioration and loss of specialized function of the cells of a tissue or organ .
The developing infant may consequently be vulnerable , for example if the mother falls .
The development in a female of a combination of increased body hair , muscle bulk , and deepening of the voice ( masculinization ) and male psychological characteristics .
The development of a callus on the skin ( see callosity ) .
The development of a fetus at a site other than in the womb .
The development of a fetus in the womb . i . e . a normal pregnancy .
The development of a new abnormal growth ( a benign or malignant tumour ) .
The development of an embryo in the ovary : ovarian pregnancy .
The development of antibodies ( isoantibodies ) within an individual against antigens from another individual of the same species .
The development of blood vessels ( usually capillaries ) within a tissue .
The development of female secondary sexual characteristics ( enlargement of the breasts , loss of facial hair , and fat beneath the skin ) in the male , either as a result of an endocrine disorder or of hormone therapy .
The development of form and structure of the body and its parts .
The development of neurosurgery has been supported by advances in anaesthetics , radiology , and antiseptics .
The development of thin ( brittle ) concave ( spoon - shaped ) nails .
The device is inserted into the ventricles of the brain and passes via a subcutaneous tunnel to drain into the right atrium .
The DHA must also receive and consider the annual report of each CHC within its district .
The diagnosis is confirmed by finding blood - stained cerebrospinal fluid at lumbar puncture .
The diaphragm is attached to the lower ribs at each side and to the breastbone and the back - bone at the front and back .
The diaphragm plays an important role in breathing .
The diet is such that it is physically impossible for the child to consume the required quantity in order to obtain sufficient protein and energy .
The digestive juice secreted by the pancreas .
The dilatation of a tube , duct , or hollow organ .
The dilated portion of a tubular anatomical part .
The direct ophthalmoscope enables a fine beam of light to be directed into the eye and at the same allows the examiner to see the spot where the beam falls inside the eye .
The direction of blood flow within the heart is controlled by valves .
The disadvantages include possible kidney infection and acidosis .
The disappearance of a fever , a process that may occur rapidly or take several days , depending upon the cause and treatment given .
The discharge is usually thin and watery and is often sterile on culture .
The discharge of blood and fragments of womb lining from the vagina at intervals of about month in women of child - bearing age ( see menarche , menopause ) .
The discharge of semen from the erect penis at the moment of sexual climax ( orgasm ) in the male .
The discharge usually subsides when the underlying prostatitis is controlled .
The discovery and assessment ( ascertainment ) of those needing to attend a special school may occur long before school age ( 2 years or younger ) .
The disease - producing ( pathogenic ) ability of a microorganism .
The disease , limited to poor rural areas of South and Central America , is especially prevalent in children and young adults .
The disease , occurring in East Europe and the Far East , is treated with chloroquine .
The disease , occurring in Panama , Honduras , and the Amazon , primarily affects men who visit the forests to collect chicle ( gum ) and takes the form of an ulcerating lesion on the ear lobe .
The disease , which is now rare , most commonly affects young children .
The disease , which is often fatal , can be prevented by vaccination .
The disease , widely distributed throughout the world , primarily affects children .
The disease affects different parts of the brain and spinal cord , resulting in typically scattered symptoms .
The disease affects the sinuses , the central nervous system , the lungs , and the skin tissues .
The disease begins with a fever and may affect the liver ( causing jaundice ) or meninges ( resulting in meningitis ) , in some cases the kidneys are involved .
The disease can affect both sexes ( it is inherited as an autosomal dominant character ) and appears in early middle age .
The disease can be detected by prenatal diagnosis , including amniocentesis .
The disease can be diagnosed by biopsy of the jejunum and is treated successfully by a strict and lifelong gluten - free diet .
The disease can be prevented by vaccination .
The disease commonly affects children and takes the form of a slow - healing open sore or ulcer , which sometimes becomes secondarily infected with bacteria .
The disease is contracted from food or drinking water contaminated by faeces from a patient .
The disease is contracted when cercaria larvae , released from the snails , penetrate the skin of anyone bathing in infected water .
The disease is endemic in the northern and central US , Argentina , Brazil , Venezuela , and parts of Africa .
The disease is endemic only in the south - western US , Mexico , and Venezuela .
The disease is fatal , though partial remission may be effected with anti - cancer drugs .
The disease is mild and lasts only about a week but it can prove serious to young babies and can patients with a pre - existing respiratory complaint .
The disease is mild and runs its course in 2 - 3 weeks .
The disease is often found in rural communities .
The disease is particularly prevalent in Britain in association with cigarette smoking , air pollution , and emphysema .
The disease is similar to dengue and symptoms include fever , headache , generalized body pain , and an irritating rash .
The disease is similar to dengue and symptoms include rigor , severe headache , an irritating rash , fever , and pains in the joints .
The disease is spread among children and adults by direct body contact .
The disease is spread by close contact with a patient .
The disease is spread by direct contact with a patient or carrier or by contaminated milk .
The disease is thought to be transmitted either by direct contact between individuals or by flies that carry .
The disease is transmitted by coughing and sneezing .
The disease is transmitted by human carriers who handle the food , by shellfish growing in sewage polluted waters , or by vegetables fertilized by manure .
The disease is transmitted by the Anopheles mosquito and is confined mainly to tropical and subtropical areas .
The disease is transmitted to man via contaminated drinking water .
The disease is treated with antifungal agents taken by mouth ( such as griseofulvin ) or applied locally .
The disease is treated with corticosteroids .
The disease is treated with various drugs , including stibophen and other antimony - containing preparations and niridazole .
The disease is widespread and is the most common cause of tooth loss in older people .
The disease lasts about two weeks and causes fever , severe headache , and respiratory problems .
The disease may be described in vivid detail , and in some cases injury may be deliberately self - inflicted in an attempt to give the appearance of authenticity to the claims being made .
The disease may be recurrent or persist as a chronic condition .
The disease occurs in Asia , South America , the Mediterranean area , and Africa .
The disease occurs throughout the tropics and subtropics and is prevalent in areas of poor personal hygiene and sanitation .
The disease occurs throughout the world and is particularly common in children .
The disease responds to treatment with tetracyclines and streptomycin .
The disease subsides in about three weeks , though sometimes severe pain may persist for many months in the area of the affected nerve .
The diseased condition resulting from an infestation with parasitic worms ( helminths ) .
The disorder has several forms , with two major divisions : eczematous dermatitis , which results from external factors ( see dermatitis ) ; and endogenous ( or constitutional ) eczema , occurring without any obvious external cause .
The disorder is usually due to damage to pathways within the brain rather than in the nose or olfactory nerve .
The disorder often runs in families and may be brought on by anxiety .
The disorder sometimes occurs in older women .
The dispersal or disintegration of the microscopic structures within the nerve cells that normally produce proteins .
The displacement of an organ or part of the body from its normal position .
The dissection or surgical division of a muscle .
The dissolution of a blood clot ( thrombus ) by the infusion of an enzyme , such as streptokinase , into the blood .
The distance between the front and rear of the pelvis measured from the most prominent part of the sacrum to the back of the public symphysis .
The distance measured is that from the rim of bone at the outer edge of the eye , forwards to the surface of the front of the cornea .
The distant spread of malignant tumour from its site of origin .
The distinctive pattern of minute ridges in the outer horny layer of the skin .
The disulphide ( S - S ) links between adjacent cysteine molecules in polypeptide chains contribute to the three - dimensional molecular structure of protein .
The divided dilated ureter can be brought through the skin to form a spout , but ureters of a normal size need to be implanted into a segment of bowel used for this purpose ( see ileal conduit ) to avoid narrowing and obstruction .
The dividing line between the upper contracting part of the womb in labour and the lower dilating part .
The division of the vestibulocochlear nerve that carries impulses from the semicircular canals , utricle , and saccule of the inter ear to the brain , conveying information about the body 's posture and movements in space and allowing coordination and balance .
The DNA , which is combined with protein , is normally dispersed through out the nucleus as chromatin .
The DNA molecule can made exact copies of itself by the process of replication , thereby passing on the genetic information to the daughter cells when the cell divides .
The doctor has the title house physician ( or surgeon ) , resident , or intern and is debarred from independence practice .
The dog tick ( R . sanguineus ) can suck the blood of man and is commonly involved in the transmission of diseases caused by rickettsiae ( see typhus ) .
The dog tick , D . variabilis , is the vector of the milder form of this disease in the east .
The dorsal somatic mesoderm becomes segmented into a number of somites .
The dosage must be adjusted carefully as individuals vary in their response to these drugs and side - effects may be troublesome .
The dose of a toxic compound that causes death in 50 % of a group of experimental animals to which it is administered : used as a measure of the toxicity of drugs .
The double membrane ( amniochorion ) normally ruptures at birth .
The drawing off of fluid from a cavity in the body , usually fluid that has accumulated abnormally .
The dried bark of Cinchona trees , formerly used in medicine to stimulate the appetite and to prevent haemorrhage and diarrhoea .
The dried fruits of certain shrubs of the genus Cassia , used as an irritant laxative to relieve constipation and to empty the bowels before X - ray examination .
The dried leaves of the plant Nicotiana tabacum or related species , used in smoking and as snuff .
The dried root of the shrub Rauwolfia serpentina , which contains several alkaloids , including reserpine .
The dried roots of the herbaceous plant Aconitum napellus ( monkshood or wolfbane ) , containing three analgesic substances : aconine , aconitine , and picraconitine .
The dropping of the vagina from its normal position , which may happen under the action of gravity if the supporting tissues are weak .
The drug has been used in the treatment of narcolepsy , mild depressive neuroses , and obesity .
The drug is frequently administered in a combined preparation with trimethoprim ( see co - trimoxazole ( Bactrim , Septrin ) ) .
The drug is given by mouth ; side - effects include faintness , dizziness , dry mouth , and impairment of sexual function .
The drug is given by mouth and mild side - effects may develop in some patients , including muscular incoordination , loss of appetite , and headache .
The drug is not used when respiratory obstruction is present .
The drug is usually administered by injection and the most important side - effect is bleeding .
The drug may also activate a latent duodenal ulcer and it should not be taken by patients with impaired kidney function .
The drug should be used with caution in patients with diabetes mellitus or heart disease .
The drug should not be given to patients with peptic ulcers or heart disease .
The drug used include thiazide diuretics , beta blockers , methyldopa , guanethidine , and many others .
The drugs may be given as drops , injections , or tablets , often in combination .
The drugs suramin and diethycarbamazine are used in treatment ; if possible , the nodules are removed as and when they appear .
The drugs suramin and pentamidine are used to treat the early curable stages of sleeping sickness , .
The drugs used to treat cancer are mainly antimitotics .
The duct in the embryo that receives the ureter and mesonephric and paramesonephric ducts and opens to the exterior .
The duct that passes through the hole ( nasolacrimal canal ) in the palatine bone of the skull .
The duodenal cap is the superior part of the duodenum as seen on X - ray after a barium meal .
The duodenum receives bile from the gall bladder ( via the common bile duct ) and pancreatic juice from the pancreas .
The dura mater , outermost of the three meninges .
The duration of bleeding may be normal or less than normal .
The dust and gases of the earth 's atmosphere absorb most of the ultraviolet rays in sunlight ( see ozone ) .
The dust particles must be less than 0.5 m in diameter to reach the depths of the lung and there is usually a long period after initial exposure before shadows appear on the chest X - ray and breathlessness develops .
The dwarf tapeworm , H . nana , only 40mm in length , lives in the human intestine .
The dye is also used to stain tissues and microorganisms for microscopical study .
The earliest identifiable cell that gives rise to a granulocyte , having a large nucleus and scanty cytoplasm .
The earliest identifiable cell that gives rise to a monocyte .
The earliest recognizable precursor of the red blood cell ( erythrocyte ) .
The early embryo before the formation of somites .
The earpiece fits into the ear ; the vibrator ( used in cases of conductive deafness ) fits behind the ear and transmits through the bone directly to the inner ear .
The ECG tracing is recorder by means of an apparatus called an electrocardiograph ( see electrocardiography ) .
The edge of the visual field can be defined and any gaps in the field can be detected .
The effective osmotic pressure of a solution .
The eggs , which are ejected with the snake 's bronchial secretions , may be accidentally swallowed by man .
The eggs hatch in the small intestine but mature worms migrate to the large intestine .
The eggs may reinfect the same child or be spread to other children .
The eggs of head lice are firmly cemented to the hair , usually at the back of the head , those of body lice are fixed to the clothing .
The eight bones of the wrist ( see illustration ) .
The eighth cranial nerve ( VIII ) , responsible for carrying sensory impuless from the inner ear to the brain .
The elastic membrane that lines the inner surface of the cornea of the eye , next to the aqueous humour .
The electrical activity in the membrane of a neurone that by its rapid spread from one region to the next is the means by which information is transmitted within the nervous system along the axons of the neurones .
The electricity does not pass through the tissue themselves .
The electroencephalogram characteristically shows bisynchronous wave and spike discharges ( 3 per second ) during the attacks and at other times .
The elementary units , which must be specified , may be atoms , molecules , ions , electrons , etc . , or a specified group of such entities .
The eleventh cranial nerve , which arises from two roots , cranial and spinal .
The elimination of bacteria , fungi , viruses , and other microorganisms that cause disease by the use of chemical or physical methods .
The embedding medium , e . g . paraffin wax for light microscopy or Araldite for electron microscopy , helps to keep the specimen intact .
The embolus may be removed by cutting directly into the affected artery ( arteriotomy ) .
The embryo dies , the womb enlarges , and there is a discharge of pinkish liquid and cysts from the vagina .
The embryological structure from which the brain and spinal cord develop .
The embryonal type , if treated at an early stage , can often be cured with a combination of radiotherapy and drugs ( including vincristine , actinomycin - D , and cyclophosphamide ) .
The embryonic membrane that totally surrounds the embryo from the time of implantation .
The embryonic penis , before the urethral duct has reached its final state of development .
The embryonic skull , which is composed entirely of cartilage and is later replaced by bone .
The emergence of the female from the anus at night irritates and inflames the surrounding skin , causing the patient to scratch and thereby contaminate fingers and nails with infective eggs .
The emission of light by a material as it absorbs radiation from outside .
The emphasis is on encouraging close relationships between group members and on the expression of feelings .
The end of a long bone , which is initially separated by cartilage from the shaft ( diaphysis ) of the bone and the develops separately .
The end of the Oedipus complex in children is marked by a loss of sexual feelings towards the opposite - sexed parent and an increase in identification with the same - sexed parent .
The endorphins are derived from a substance found in the pituitary gland called beta - lipotropin .
The ends of the adjoining bones are covered with a thin cartilaginous sheet , and the bones are linked by a ligament ( capsule ) lined with synovial membrane , which secretes synovial fluid ( see illustration ) .
The engulfment and digestion of bacteria and other foreign particles by a cell ( see phagocyte ) .
The enlarged and highly developed mass of nervous tissue that forms the upper end of the central nervous system ( see illustration ) .
The enlarged extension upwards within the skull of the spinal cord , consisting of the medulla oblongata , the pons , and the midbrain .
The enlarged portion of a neurone , containing the nucleus .
The enlargement or expansion of a hollow organ ( such as a blood vessel ) or cavity .
The entire body excluding the germ cells .
The entire chain of segments that make up the body of an adult tapeworm .
The entire hydatid is bound by a fibrous capsule .
The entire system of ducts and channels that conduct urine from the kidneys to the exterior .
The entire treatment usually extends over several visits .
The extremely thin membrane , composed of cells of the glia ( ependymal cells ) , that lines the ventricles of the brain and the choroid plexuses .
The entry of the head of the baby at birth into the vagina at an oblique angle .
The enveloping or surrounding part of an organ or other structure .
The enzyme necessary for this conversion is missing in infants with a rare inherited metabolic disease called galactosaemia .
The epidermis of the nail fold that lies next to the nail root is called the eponychium ( forming the cuticle at the base of the nail ) .
The epidermis protects the body from injury and from invasion by parasites .
The epidural space is the space between the dura mater of the spinal cord and the vertebral canal .
The epithelial covering of the ovary , which was formerly thought to be the site of formation of oogonia .
The equivalent stage in mammals ( including man ) is the blastocyst .
The erythron is not a single organ but is dispersed throughout the blood - forming tissue of the bone marrow .
The escape of blood from a ruptured blood vessel , externally or internally .
The escape of pus , serum , blood , lymph , or other fluid into a body cavity as a result of inflammation or the presence of excess blood or tissue fluid in an organ or tissue .
The escape of the lymph from lymphatic vessels that have been injured .
The escape of uric acid from the blood into spaces in the connective tissue .
The ESR increases if the level of certain proteins in the plasma rises , as in rheumatic diseases , chronic infections , and malignant disease , and thus provides a simple but valuable screening test for the latter condition .
The essential fatty acids are linoleic , linolenic , and arachidonic acids ; of these , only linoleic acid need be included in the diet as the other two can be synthesized from it in the body .
The establishment of new behaviour by modifying the stimulus , response associations .
The eventual release of merozoites of Plasmodium , the malaria parasite , from the blood cells produces fever in the patient .
The evolutionary history of a species or individual .
The exact cause of acute glomerulonephritis is obscure , but in most cases it is thought to represent an abnormal allergic response following a streptococcal sore throat .
The exact cause of the disease has not yet been determined .
The examination of cells under a microscope is used in the diagnosis of various diseases , e . g . cancer ( see cervical smear ) .
The examiner and subject are almost at arm 's length apart .
The examiner looks along the beam and sees the shadows it produces in the subject 's pupil .
The examiner looks through a small lens in the centre at the reflection of the rings in the patient 's cornea .
The excess of urates also damages the kidneys , in which stones may form .
The excessive production of saliva : a symptom of certain nervous disorders , poisoning ( by mercury , mushrooms , or organophosphates ) , or infection ( rabies ) .
The excessive secretion of thick phlegm or mucus by the mucous membrane of the nose , nasal sinuses , nasopharynx , or air passages .
The excretion of phosphorescent urine , which glows in the dark , due to the presence of certain phosphorus - containing compounds derived from phosphates .
The excretion of sodium in the urine : a normal phenomenon .
The excretion of sweat , excessive sweating .
The excretory organ of the fetus , which develops into the kidney and is formed from the rear portion of the nephrogenic cord .
The exercises increase fitness build muscle .
The existence of one form of stress tends to diminish resistance to other forms .
The existence of this inactive form prevents the enzyme from breaking down the cells in which it was made .
The expanded posterior end of the thalamus .
The experience is unwelcome and often frightening .
The exposed part of the nail is the body , behind which is the root .
The exposed part of the tooth ( crown ) is covered with enamed and the part within the bone ( root ) is coated with cementum .
The expulsion of gas or air from the stomach through the mouth ; belching .
The expulsion or remove of an embryo or fetus from the womb at a stage of pregnancy when it is incapable of independent survival ( i . e . at any time between conception and the 28th week of pregnancy ) .
The extension within the skull of the upper end of the spinal cord , forming the lowest part of the brainstem .
The extent and severity of the symptoms depend upon the site and volume of the haemorrhage .
The extent of the area anaesthetised depends upon the amount and strength of local anaesthetic injected .
The extent to which meals and other services are provided on a continuous basis varies .
The external auditory meatus is the passage leading from the pinna of the outer ear to the eardrum .
The external depression on the front of the body that marks the junction of the abdomen with either of the thighs .
The external genital organs , especially those of the female ( see vulva ) .
The external jugular is a smaller paired vein running superficially down the neck to the subclavian vein and draining blood from the face , scalp , and neck .
The external nose is a triangular projection in the front of the face that is composed of cartilage and covered with skin .
The extra digits are commonly undersized ( rudimentary ) and are usually removed surgically shortly after birth .
The extra volume of air that an individual could inhale or exhale if he is not breathing to the limit of his capacity .
The extrapyramidal system is mainly concerned with the regulation of stereotypes reflex muscular movements .
The extremely hard outer covering of the crown of a tooth .
The eye is then able to focus on distant objects .
The eye waters and is very painful and vision is blurred .
The eyelashes help keep dust away from the eye .
The eyes stare blankly and there may be fluttering movements of the lids and momentary twitching of the fingers and mouth .
The facial pain of migrainous neuralgia lasts for 30 - 60 minutes and occurs at roughly the same time on successive days .
The faeces are pale , smell offensive , may look greasy , and are difficult to flush away .
The fat - soluble vitamins are vitamins A , D , E , and K .
The features are those of an atrial septal defect .
The features often include apathy , dependence , and a lack of personal responsibility .
The feeling may be accompanied by identifiable physical discomfort and may indicate the presence of disease .
The feeling that one is about to vomit , as experienced in seasickness and in morning sickness of early pregnancy .
The female counterpart of the penis , which contains erectile tissue but is unconnected with the urethra .
The female fly lays her eggs on ground contaminated with urine or excreta or on clothing tainted with sweat or urine .
The female mite tunnels in the skin to lay her eggs and the newly hatched mites pass easily from person to person by contact .
The female os S . scabiei , the human itch mite , tunnels into the skin , where it lays its eggs .
The female urethra is quite short ( about 3.5 cm ) and opens just within the vulva , between the clitoris and vagina .
The females of W . magnifica and W . vigil deposit their parasitic maggots in wounds and the openings of the body .
The fenestra ovalis ( fenestra vestibuli ) - the oval window - is the opening between the middle ear and the vestibule of the inner ear .
The fenestra rotunda ( fenestra cochleae ) - the round window - is the opening between the scala tympani of the cochlea and the middle ear .
The fertilization of a second ovum some time after the start of pregnancy , resulting in two fetuses of different maturity in the same womb .
The fertilization of two or more ova of the same age by spermatozoa from different males .
The fertilized female of T . penetrans , the chigoe or jigger , burrows beneath the skin of the foot , where it become enclosed in a swelling of the surrounding tissues and causes intense itching and inflammation .
The fertilized ovum before cleavage begins .
The fetal cells are therefore incompatible in her circulation and evoke the production of antibodies .
The fever returns , often causing delirium .
The fibres radiate from the two ends ( poles ) and meet at the centre ( the equator ) giving a structure shaped like two cones placed base to base .
The fibres transmit contraction waves from the atria , via the AV node , to the ventricles .
The fibrous elastic tissue that surrounds a muscle .
The fibrous sheath that surrounds each bundle of muscle fibres .
The fibrous tissue itself is also called an adhesion .
The fibrous tissue that lines the orbit and surrounds the eyeball .
The field of operation is illuminated through the objective lens by a light source within the microscope ( see illustration ) .
The fifth and largest cranial nerve ( V ) , which is split into three divisions : the ophthalmic , maxillary , and mandibular nerves ( see illustration ) .
The filling may be temporary or permanent , and various materials may be used ( see amalgam , cement , composite resin , gold ) .
The filum terminale is the slender tapering terminal section of the spinal cord .
The final larval stage of any parasitic trematode ( see fluke ) .
The final part ( terminal ) of one of the branches of a nerve fibre , where a neurone makes contact either with a another neurone at a synapse or with muscle or gland cell at a neuromuscular or neuroglandular junction .
The final product of the process of blood coagulation , produced by the action of the enzyme thrombin on a soluble precursor fibrinogen .
The final reaction of glycolysis ( converting pyruvate to lactic acid ) provides energy for short periods of time when oxygen consumption exceeds demand ; for example , during bursts of intense muscular activity .
The final stage in the first prophase of meiosis , in which homologous chromosomes , between which crossing over has occurred , are ready to separate .
The final stage of meiosis occurs only when the oocyte has been activated by fertilization .
The final stage of mitosis and of each of the divisions of meiosis , in which the chromosomes at each end of the cell become long and thin and the nuclear membrane reforms around them .
The final stage of root treatment , in which the prepared canal inside a tooth root is filled with a suitable material .
The final stage of yaws , which may appear after an interval of several years , involves destructive and deforming lesions of the skin , bones , and periosteum ( see also gangosa , goundou ) .
The fine cell membrane , visible only under the electron microscope , that encloses the protoplasm of an axon .
The fine connective tissue sheath that surrounds a single muscle fibre .
The fine hair that occurs on the body before puberty is reached .
The fine tubular part of a nephron , through which water and certain dissolved substances are reabsorbed back into the blood .
The firm fibrous connective that forms the basis of each eyelid .
The first - stage larva of a parasitic fluke .
The first and most prominent symptom is tremor , which often affects one hand , spreading first to the leg on the same side and then to the other limbs .
The first attacks can occur at any age but are normally in early life , when - in allergic people - they may be associated with other manifestations of hypersensitivity , such as eczema and hay fever .
The first beat is normal , but the second and third are premature beats ( see ectopic beat ) .
The first cervical vertebra - the atlas - consists basically of a ring of bone that supports the skull by articulating with the occipital condyles ( see occipital bone ) .
The first cervical vertebra , by means of which the skull is articulated to the backbone .
The first cranial nerve ( I ) : the special sensory nerve of smell .
The first digit ( thumb , big toe ) has two phalanges .
The first discharge , lochia rubra ( lochia cruenta ) , consists largely of blood .
The first division of meiosis , in which the chromosome number is halved .
The first episode of fever occurs about a week after infection : it is accompanied by severe headache and aching muscles and joints and lasts 2 - 8 days .
The first individual studied in an investigation of several related patients with an inherited or familial disorder .
The first kidney tissue that develops in the embryo .
The first movement of a baby in the womb that is felt by the mother .
The first of the three parts of the small intertine .
The first prophase of meiosis takes place in five stages ( see leptotene , zygotene , pachytene , diplotene , diakinesis ) .
The first secretion from the breast , occurring shortly after , or sometimes before , birth .
The first seven pairs - the true ribs - are connected directly to the sternum by their costal cartilages .
The first seven ribs ( true ribs ) are directly connected to the sternum by individual costal cartilages .
The first sign of scurvy is swollen bleeding gums .
The first stage in the first prophase of meiosis , in which the chromosomes become visible as single long threads .
The first stage of mitosis and of each division of meiosis , in which the chromosomes become visible under the microscope .
The first stools of a newborn baby , which are sticky and dark green and composed of cellular debris , mucus , and bile pigments .
The first tooth to erupt is the first molar ( at the age of 6 ) and most have appeared by the age of 14 years , although the third molars may not erupt until the age 18 - 21 years .
The fissures around the mouth and nose of babies with congenital syphilis eventually heal to form rhagades .
The fitting of an artificial crown to a tooth .
The five bones of the backbone that are situated between the thoracic vertebrae and the sacrum , in the lower part of the back .
The five bones of the foot that connect the tarsus to the phalanges .
The five bones of the hand that connect the carpus to the phalanges .
The five pairs of spinal nerves that emerge from the spinal column in the sacrum .
The five types are atopic , commonly found in childhood and sometimes associated with a family history of allergy ; discoid , characterized by small well - defined areas of eczema ; pompholyx , found on the hands and feet ; seborrhoeic , in which scaly plaques occur in areas of the greatest sebum production ( the scalp , face , etc . ) ; and varicose which develops on the legs in association with poor circulation .
The five vertebrae that are fused together to form the sacrum .
The flakes , which come away when the hair is brushed or combed , represent an increase in the normal loss of the outermost skin layer .
The flap is then used to repair a defect in another part of the body .
The flap of skin and cartilage that projects from the head at the exterior opening of the external auditory meatus of the ear ( see illustration ) .
The flexible plate of fibrocartilage that connects any two adjacent vertebrae in the backbone .
The flies normally breed in decaying animal and vegetable matter ; myiasis therefore generally occurs only in regions of poor hygiene , and in most cases the infestations are accidental .
The flow of blood may be prevented by clotting ( thrombosis ) , a detached clot that lodges in an artery ( embolus ) , or rupture of an artery wall ( haemorrhage ) .
The flow of saliva is obstructed , causing swelling and intense pain .
The flow of semen from the erect penis , usually occurring while the subject is asleep ( nocturnal emission ) .
The flowing back of a liquid in a direction opposite to the normal one , as when blood surges back through a defective valve in the heart after the heart has contracted .
The fluid - filled cavity between the embryo and the amnion .
The fluid - filled cavity in the midline is the fourth ventricle .
The fluid - filled cavity that develops within the blastocyst .
The fluid - filled follicle distends the surface of the ovary until a thin spot breaks down and the ovum floats out surrounded by a cluster of follicle cells ( the cumulus oophoricus ) , and starts to travel down the Fallopian tube to the womb .
The fluid between the bony and membranous labyrinths of the ear .
The fluid contained within the amniotic cavity .
The fluid ejaculated from the penis at sexual climax .
The fluid excreted by the kidneys , which contains many of the body 's waste products .
The fluid flows under gravity from a suspended bottle through a tube ending in a hollow needle inserted into the patient 's vein .
The fluid is initially secreted from the amnion and is later supplemented by urine from the fetal kidneys .
The fluid present within the vessels of the lymphatic system .
The fluid secreted by the lacrimal glands ( see lacrimal apparatus ) to keep the eye front of the eyeballs moist and clean .
The fluid that fills the membranous labyrinth of the ear .
The fluid that separates from clotted blood or blood plasma that is allowed to stand .
The fluid thus obtained is examined for diagnostic purposed .
The fluke has two intermediate hosts , a snail and a mullet fish .
The flukes can be removed with an anthelmintic .
The fluorescence , magnified by a phototube multiplier , may be recorded photographically or electronically during the production of a scintigram or scintiscan .
The fold of peritoneum by which the colon is fix to the posterior abdominal wall .
The fold of skin that grows over the end ( glans ) of the penis .
The fold of skin that lies above the root is the nail fold .
The fold of skin that surrounds the clitoris is also called the prepuce .
The folding of the cortex provides a large surface area , the greater part lying in the clefts ( sulci ) , which divide the upraised convolutions ( gyri ) .
The follicles secrete oestrogen and small amounts of androgen .
The following are invertebrate groups of medical importance : insect , ticks , nematodes , flukes , protozoans , and tapeworms .
The foramen magnum is a large hole in the occipital bone through which the spinal cord passes .
The forceps used in childbirth are so designed as to fit firmly round the baby 's head without damaging it .
The forcible removal of secretions from the air passages by some form of suction apparatus .
The foremen ovale is the opening between the two atria of the fetal heart , which allows blood to flow from the right to the left side of the heart by displacing a membranous valve .
The foreskin is often surgically removed in infancy ( see circumcision ) .
The form in which carbohydrates are stored in many plants and a major constituent of the diet .
The form L . dopa is administered for the treatment of parkinsonism , a disease in which there is a deficiency of dopamine in the brain .
The form of compatibility that depends upon tissue components , mainly specific glycoprotein antigens in cell membranes .
The form of vitamin B12 with coenzyme activity is 5 - deoxyadenosyl cobalamin , which is necessary for the synthesis of nucleic acids , the miantenance of myelin in the nervous system , and the proper functioning of folic acid , another B vitamin .
The formal definition of the ampere is the current that when passed through two parallel conductors of infinite length and negligible cross section , placed 1 metre apart in a vacuum , produces a force of 2 x 107 newton per square metre between them .
The formation and release of mature flagellated male sex cells ( see microgamette ) by the microgametocytes of the malarial parasite ( see Plasmodium ) .
The formation of a blood clot ( thrombus ) in the coronary artery , which obstructs the flow of blood to the heart .
The formation of a fragment of dead bone ( see sequestrum ) and its separation from the surrounding tissue .
The formation of bone , which takes place in three stages by the action of special cells ( osteoblasts ) .
The formation of dentine by odontoblasts .
The formation of depressed scars , as occurs on the skin following smallpox or acne .
The formation of enamel by ameloblasts , which is completed before tooth eruption .
The formation of gallstones ( cholelithiasis ) occurs when the physical characteristics of bile alter so that cholesterol is less soluble , though chronic inflammation of the gall bladder ( see cholecystitis ) may also be a contributory factor .
The formation of nodules in the interior of the nose and nasopharynx , which become thickened .
The formation of sporozoites during the life cycle of a sporozoan .
The formation of stones in the gall bladder ( see gallstones ) .
The formation of the primitive streak and archenteron in the embryonic disc determines the orientation of the embryo , which then becomes progressively elongated .
The former name of the genus of fungi now known as Candida .
The former operation is known as thromboendarterectomy .
The former practice of applying a heated cup to the skin and allowing it to cool , which causes swelling of the tissues beneath and an increase in the flow of blood in the area .
The former title of the Environmental Health Officer .
The formula for converting from Celsius ( C ) to Fahrenheit ( F ) is : F = ( C + 32 ) .
The formula for converting from Fahrenheit ( F ) to Celsius ( C ) is : C = 5 / 9 ( F - 32 ) .
The fornix of the vagina is any of three vaulted spaces at the top of the vagina , around the cervix of the womb .
The four chromatids of a pair of homologous chromosomes ( see bivalent ) in the first stage of meiosis .
The fourth cranial nerve ( IV ) , which supplies the superior oblique muscle , one of the muscle responsible for movement of the eyeball in its socket .
The fourth stage in the first prophase of meiosis , in which crossing over occurs between the paired chromatids of homologous chromosomes , which then begin to separate .
The fracture usually unites within six weeks .
The fragments of a broken bone are reduced before a splint is applied ; a dislocated joint is reduced to its normal seating ; or a hernia is reduced when the displaced organ or tissue is returned to its usual anatomical site .
The fragments of abnormally located tissue pass through the same periodic changes as the womb lining .
The framework of the denture base is often made of metal ( cobalt - chromium ) because of its strength .
The free copper may be deposited in the liver , causing jaundice and cirrhosis , or in the brain , causing mental retardation and symptoms resembling parkinsonism .
The free end of the flap is sewn into the area to be repaired and after about three weeks , when the flap has " healed into " its new site , the other end is detached and the remainder of the flap is sewn in .
The frequency and amplitude of these contractions alter in response to the hormones oetrogen , progesterone , and oxytocin , which are present at particular stages of the menstrual cycle and pregnancy .
The frequency of bowel evacuation varies considerably from person to person and the normal cannot be precisely defined .
The frequency with which the characteristic controlled by a gene is seen in the individuals possessing it .
The front part of the embryonic gut , which gives rise to the oesophagus ( gullet ) , stomach , and part of the small intestine ( from which the liver and pancreas develop ) .
The front upper portion of the right ventricle adjoining the pulmonary arteries .
The frontal , parietals ( two ) , occipital , and temporals ( two ) form the vault of the skull ( calvaria ) and are made up of two thin layers of compact bone separated by a layer of spongy bone ( diploe ) .
The frontal portion , at the forehead , is responsible for raising the eyebrows and wrinkling the forehead .
The full thickness of skin may be taken for a graff ( see flap ) or the surgeon may use three - quarters thickness , thin sheets of skin ( see Thiersch 's graft ) , or a pinch skin graft .
The function of basophils is poorly understood , but they are capable of ingesting foreign particles and contain histamine and heparin .
The function of the eosinophil is poorly understood , but it is capable of ingesting foreign particles , is present in large numbers in lining or covering surfaces within the body , and is involved in allergic responses .
The function of the heart and lungs is carried out by a pump - oxygenator ( heart - lung machine ) until the natural circulation is restored .
The functional part of an organ , as opposed to the supporting tissue ( stroma ) .
The functioning of the autonomic nervous system is particularly closely linked to that of the pituitary and adrenal glands .
The functioning of the brain as a whole .
The functions of saliva are to keep the mouth moist , to aid swallowing of food , to minimize changes of acidity in the mouth , and to digest starch .
The functions of the lobe are concerned with emotions , memory , learning , and social behaviour .
The fungi are able to grow within the blood vessels of lungs and nervous tissue , thus causing blood clots which cut off the blood supply ( see infarction ) .
The fungus attacks the lungs , causing tumour - like lesions ( torulomas ) , but it may also spread to the brain , causing meningitis .
The further two genes are apart the more likely they are to be separated by crossing over during meiosis and to come to lie on different homologous chromosomes .
The furthest forward division of the brain , consisting of the diencephalon and the two cerebral hemispheres .
The furthest forward division of the brain , consisting of the diencephalon and the two cerebral hemispheres .
The fusion of a spermatozoon and an ovum .
The gamma radiation is employed in radiotherapy for the treatment of cancer .
The gap between adjacent Schwann cells forms a node of Ranvier .
The gelatinous material dissolves and the drug is absorbed .
The gene , responsible for the disorder is recessive , and the disease can now be largely prevented by genetic counseling in communities known to be affected .
The gene responsible for phenylketonuria is recessive , so that a child is affected only if both parents are carries of the defective gene .
The gene responsible for the condition is recessive , so that a child is affected only if both parents are carriers of the defective gene .
The general practitioners have independent contracts ( as distinct from salaries ) with the FPC , which must approve all names included on the medical list ( a special list of general practitioners working in the National Health Service ) .
The genes for certain disorders , e . g . haemophilia , are carried on the X chromosome .
The genetic code is expressed by the sequence of nucleotide bases in the nucleic acid molecule , a unit of three consecutive bases ( a codon ) coding for each amino acid .
The genetic constitution of an individual or group , as determined by the particular set of genes it possesses .
The genetic information carried by a pair of alleles , which determines a particular characteristic .
The genetic information of the DNA is contained in the sequence of bases along the molecule ( see genetic code ) ; changes in the DNA cause mutations .
The genetic material of nearly all living organisms , which controls heredity and is located in the cell nucleus ( see chromosome , gene ) .
The geographic area from which a hospital can expect to receive patients and on which in Britain the designated population of the hospital is based .
The germ layers can be traced throughout embryonic development as they differentiate to form the entire range of body tissues .
The germinative layer of the epidermis is sometimes called the prickle cell layer .
The giving of immediate information to a subject about his bodily processes ( such as heart rate ) , which are usually unconscious .
The gland becomes calcified as age progresses , providing a useful landmark in X - rays of the skull .
The gland becomes converted into a jelly - like mass , producing disfigurement of the lid .
The gland becomes hard and tender and a pus - filled cyst develops at its centre .
The gland on one side of the face often swells up days before the other but sometimes only one side is affected .
The glands are enlarged , especially beside the nose and other part of the face .
The glandular tissue in the ovary that forms at the site of a ruptured Graafian follicle after ovulation .
The glucocorticoids ( e . g . hydrocortisone ( cortisol ) , cortisone , and corticosterone ) are essential for the utilization of carbohydrate , fat , and protein by the body and for a normal response to stress .
The Golgi apparatus is well developed in cells that produce secretions , e . g . pancreatic cells producing digestive enzymes .
The gradual development of a purplish - red colour indicates their presence .
The gradual disintegration of dead organic matter , usually foodstuffs or tissues , by the chemical action of bacteria and fungi .
The gradual reduction of atmospheric pressure for deep - sea divers , who work at artificially high pressures .
The grafting of tissue from an animal of one species to another .
The graphic record of a test hearing carried out on an audiometer .
The great omentum is a highly folder portion of the omentum , rich in fatty tissue , that covers the intestines in an apron - like fashion .
The greater and lesser trochanters are protuberances on which the gluteus and psoas major muscles , respectively , are inserted .
The groove in the top of the orbit that contains the optic nerve and the ophthalmic artery .
The group also includes the cytomegalovirus and Epstein - Barr virus .
The group also includes the pleuropneumonia - like organisms ( PPLO ) .
The group comprises the so - called " true " bacteria , excluding those , such as spirochaetes and mycoplasmas , with flexible cell walls .
The group includes chlordiazepoxide , diazepam , and oxazepam .
The group includes Coxsackie viruses , echoviruses , polioviruses , and rhinoviruses .
The group includes fats , steroids , phospholipid , and glycolipids .
The group includes some species that cause severe respiratory disease in cattle , sheep , and goats .
The group includes Sudan I , Sudan II , Sudan III , Sudan IV , and Sudan black .
The group includes the species Borrelia , Leptospira , and Treponema .
The group includes the stains of Leishmann , Wright , May - Grunwald , Giemsa , etc .
The group is divided into endopeptidases and exopeptidases .
The group of arthropods that includes the mites and ticks .
The group of embryological cells that gives rise to a tooth is known as the tooth germ .
The group of mental activities ( including drives , will , and instincts ) that leads to purposeful action .
The group of symptoms caused by deficiency of riboflavin ( vitamin B2 ) .
The group of symptoms caused by the scalenus anterior muscle compressing the subclavian artery and the lower roots of the brachial plexus against the fibrous and bony structures of the outlet of the upper thoracic vertebrae .
The growing nail slides forwards over the nail bed .
The growing portion of a long bone that lies between the epiphyses and the diaphysis .
The growth and development of nerve cells .
The growth can be detected at an early stage by periodic microscopical examination of cells released from the affected region ( see cervical smear ) , and it can then be eradicated before it has been able to spread .
The growth of small rounded outgrowths , made up of small blood vessels and connective tissue , on the healing surface of a wound ( when the edges do not fit closely together ) or an ulcer .
The growth of the fetus may cause the tube to burst and bleed .
The Guillain - Barre syndrome is an example .
The Guinea worm and Onchocerca affect connective tissue .
The gum : the layer of dense connective tissue and overlying mucous membrane that covers the alveolar bone and necks of the teeth .
The Guthrie test may also be performed if this has not been done before the baby leaves hospital .
The habitual use of , or addiction to , cocaine in order to experience its intoxicating effects .
The haemolysis also causes a reduction in the number of platelets , which can lead to severe haemorrhage .
The hand and wrist below the fracture are displaced backwards .
The hand is then withdrawn : if the eye that has been covered is seen to move towards the nose to adjust to the focus of the uncovered eye the child is assumed to have a divergent squint ; movement of the eye away from the nose implies a covergent squint .
The hand moves towards the side of the affected labyrinth .
The handle - like part of the malleus ( an ear ossicle ) , attached to the eardrum .
The hands and arms are eventually affected .
The hard extremely dense connective tissue that forms the skeleton of the body .
The hard palate , at the front of the mouth , is formed by processes of the maxillae and palatine bones and is covered by mucous membrane .
The head bears a single pair of sensory antennae .
The head of each rib articulates with one of the 12 thoracic vertebrae of the backbone .
The head of the femur articulates with the acetabulum of the hip bone .
The head of the fibula articulates with the tibia just below the knee .
The head of the humerus articulates with the scapula at the shoulder joint .
The head of the radius articulates with the humerus .
The headache affecting only one side of the head , usually migraine .
The heart , smooth muscles , and most glands receive fibres of both kinds .
The heart is about the size of a closed fist .
The heart is compressed ( cardiac tamponade ) and the circulation impaired ; a large fall in blood pressure and cardiac arrest may result .
The heart rate is controlled by the administration of digoxin .
The heart together with two networks of blood vessels - the systemic circulation and the pulmonary circulation ( see illustration ) .
The heat generated increase blood flow and can be used in the treatment of deep - seated pain in rheumatic and arthritic condition .
The heat produced by the smouldering cones acts as a counterirritant and is reputed to cure a variety of disorders .
The heat radiated from the body varies in different parts according to the flow of blood through the vessel ; thus areas of poor circulation produce less heat .
The heavier coarse particles sink to the bottom more rapidly .
The herpesviruses are the causative agents of herpes and chickenpox .
The high levels of stomach acid cause peptic ulcers , which may be multiple , in unusual sites ( e . g . jejunum ) , or which quickly recur after vagotomy or partial gastrectomy .
The highest incidence of battering occurs in the first six months of life .
The hinge joint between the leg and the foot .
The hip bones are fused at the back to the sacrum to form a rigid structure that protects the organs of the lower abdomen and provides attachment for the bones and muscles of the lower limbs .
The hippocampal formation of the cerebrum .
The history of the development of an individual from the fertilized egg to maturity .
The home nursing service is now the responsibility of District Health Authorities , normally day care only is provided but under special circumstances out of hours nursing can be arranged .
The horizontal arch of bone on either side of the face , just bellow the eyes , formed by connected processes of the zygomatic and temporal bones .
The horizontal overlap of the upper incisor teeth in front of the lower ones .
The horny skin layers form an inverted pyramid that presses down into the deeper skin layers , causing pain .
The human eye contains about 125 million rods , which are necessary for seeing in dim light .
The human hookworm , N . americanus , occurs in tropical Africa , central and South America , India , and the Pacific Islands .
The human retina contains 6 - 7 milion cones .
The iliac fossa is the depression in the inner surface of the ilium .
The illness lasts about a week and is rarely fatal .
The illness progresses to severe incapacity or death .
The illustration shows some different types of these glands .
The immature forms concentrate in the lungs during the day .
The immature substitution of one consonant for another ( e . g . l for r ) .
The immediate appearance of a violet colour is called a direct reaction and indicates that the jaundice is due to liver damage or obstruction of the bile duct .
The impact of the heart against the chest wall during systole .
The implantation of an organ or tissue ( see graft ) from one part of the body to another or from one person ( the donor ) to another ( the recipient ) .
The IMR is usually regarded more as a measure of social affluence than a measure of the quality of antenatal and obstetric care .
The inability of a patient to tolerate a particular drug , manifested by various adverse reactions .
The inability of an organism , an organ , or a tissue to give a normal response to a stimulus until a certain recovery period has elapsed .
The inability to concentrate the urine occurs in patients at the final stage of chronic renal failure .
The inability to see in dim light or at night .
The inactive form in which certain enzymes ( e . g . digestive enzymes ) are originally produced and secreted .
The inappropriate involuntary passage of urine , resulting in wetting .
The incidence of death in the population in a given period .
The incidence of lung cancer is high in such patients , particularly if they smoke cigaresttes .
The incidence of the disease has been greatly reduced by preventing the formation of antibodies in a Rh negative mother .
The incidence of this allergic skin reaction , prevalent in the Middle East , may be checked by controlling the numbers of sandflies .
The incision is usually made into the posterior surface of the pelvis ( prosterior pyelotomy ) to gain access to the stone , which can then be lifted clear .
The incorporation of fluoride ions in the enamel of teeth makes them more resistant to dental caries .
The increased production and growth of normal cells in a tissue or organ .
The increasing consumption of sucrose in the last 50 years has coincided with an increase in the incidence of dental caries , diabetes , coronary heart disease , and obesity .
The indentation ( Schiotz ) tonometer uses a small plunger that indents the cornea by an amount corresponding to the softness ( determined by pressure ) of the eye .
The indiscriminate eating of non - nitritious or harmful substances , such as grass , stones , or clothing .
The individual adapts to the behaviour characteristic of the institution to such an extent that he is handicapped in other environments .
The individual is energetic but not presistent and tends to be irritable .
The individual purple spots of the rash are called petechiae .
The individual still has desires but they are not put into action .
The individual 's concept of the disposition of his limbs and the identity of the different parts of his body .
The induction in a female of increased body hair , muscle bulk , and deepening of the voice as a result of hormone imbalance or hormone therapy .
The induction of sleep by passing weak electrical currents through the brain .
The infant looks " old " , pallid , apathetic , lacks skin fat , and has subnormal temperature .
The infected part is rested and the infection can be eliminated by an antibiotic ( e . g . penicillin ) .
The infecting organism can be detected in the brain cells and the Wasserman reaction is usually positive in blood and cerebrospinal fluid .
The infecting organisms progressively destroy the sensory nerves .
The infection - formerly called moniliasis - is usually superficial , occuring in moist areas of the body , such as the skin folds , mouth , respiratory tract , and vagina ( candidiasis of the mouth and vagina is popularly known as thrush ) .
The infection , common in the Far East , is acquired through eating undercooked , salted , or pickled fresh water fish harbouring the larval stage of the parasite .
The infection , which spreads quickly over the body , starts as a red patch and develops into small pustules that join together , forming crusty yellow sores .
The infection can be eradicated with penicillin .
The infection is acquired by eating inadequately cooked shellfish , such as crayfish and crabs .
The infection is acquired through eating raw or undercooked fish that contains the larval stage of the parasite .
The infection is fatal if untreated , but it can be overcome with high doses of cotrimoxazole .
The infection is usually caused by staphylococcus aureus and normally results in an extensive slough of skin .
The infection is usually caused by the bacterium Staphylococcus aureus entering through a hair follicle or a break in the skin , and local injury or lowered constitutional resistance may encourage the development of boils .
The infection is usually transmitted to man by the bite of a mosquito or tick .
The infection may also spread to the mucous membranes of the nose and mouth , causing serious destruction of the tissues .
The infection usually spreads unless treated by allowing the beard to grow and applying antibiotic ointments .
The infective agent may be a normally harmless inhabitant of the body that becomes pathogenic when other harmless types are removed by the drugs or it may be a resistant variety of the primary infective agent .
The infective agent may be transmitted by a patient or carrier in airborne droplets expelled during coughing and sneezing or by direct contact , such as kissing or sexual intercourse ( see venereal disease ) ; by animal or insect vectors ; by ingestion of contaminated food or drink ; or from an infected mother to the fetus during pregnancy or birth .
The inferior dental nerve supplies the lower teeth and for most of its length exists as a single large bundle , thus anaesthesia of it has a widespread effect ( see inferior dental block ) .
The inferior nasal conchae are a separate pair of bones of the face ( see skull ) .
The inferior vena cava , formed by the union of the right and left common iliac veins , receives blood from parts of the body below the diaphragm .
The infestation , common in Baltic countries , is contracted following ingestion of uncooked fish infected with the larval stage of the tapeworm .
The inflammation is suppressed by corticorteroid drugs ( such as prednisolone ) .
The inflammation may spread to the testicle ( epididymo - orchitis ) .
The inflammation spreads more or less completely across the tissue of the spinal cord , resulting in a loss of its normal function to transmit nerve impulses up and down .
The infolding of the wall of a solid structure to form a cavity .
The information carried by DNA and messenger RNA that determines the sequence of amino acids in every protein and thereby controls the nature of all proteins made by the cell .
The information for determining the correct sequence of amino acids in the protein is carried to the ribosomes by messenger RNA , and the amino acids are brought to their correct position in the protein by transfer RNA .
The information often aids diagnosis of disease .
The inguinal canal , through which the spermatic cord passes , becomes closed after the testes have descended .
The inguinal canals provide a route for the descent of the testes into the scrotum , after which they normally become obliterated .
The inheritance of characters controlled by factors present in the cell cytoplasm rather than by genes on the chromosomes in the cell nucleus .
The inherited absence of pigmentation in the skin , hair , and eyes ( see albino ) .
The initial fibre of a nerve or the origin of a vein .
The initial infection is treated with antibiotics ( e . g . penicillin ) and bed rest , with aspirin for the joint pain .
The initial symptoms , which appear a year after infection , result from the migration of the worm to the skin surface and include itching , giddiness , difficulty in breathing , vomiting , and diarrhoea .
The injecion site for subarachnoid spinal anaesthetics is in the lumbar region of the vertebral column , the needle being inserted between the vertebrae ( anywhere between the second and fifth ) .
The injection of a local anaesthetic solution into the tissues to cause local anaesthesia .
The injection of a volume of blood obtained from a healthy person ( the donor ) into the circulation of a patient ( the recipient ) whose blood is deficient in quantity or quality , through accident or disease .
The injection of gold salts is claimed by some authorities to be extremely effective in the treatment of arthritis .
The inner and longer bone of the forearm ( see illustration ) .
The inner cytoplasm of cells , which is less dense than the ectoplasm and contains most of the cell 's structures .
The inner dura extends downwards between the cerebral hemispheres to form the falx cerebri and forwards between the cerebrum and cerebellum to form the tentorium .
The inner layer is more cellular in appearance and contains osteoblasts and fewer blood vessels .
The inner layer of the wall of an artery or vein .
The inner layer of various other organs or parts .
The inner of the three germ layers of the early embryo , which is gives rise to the lining of most the alimentary canal and its associated glands , the liver , gall bladder , and pancreas .
The inner part , next to the cavity of the eyeball , contains rods and cones ( light sensitive cells ) and their associated nerve fibres ( see illustration ) .
The inner part of the wall is removed together with any clot that is present .
The inner region of any organ or tissue when it is distinguishable from the outer region ( the cortex ) , particular the inner part of the kidney , adrenal glands , or lymph nodes .
The inner surface of the sac is moistened by a thin fluid derived from blood serum , which allows frictionless movement of organs within their cavities .
The inner two membranes are together called the leptomeninges , between them circulates the cerebrospinal fluid .
The inner two meninges : the arachnoid and pia mater .
The innermost Malpighian or germinative layer ( stratum germinativum ) consists of continuously dividing cells .
The innermost of the three meninges surrounding the brain and spinal cord .
The innermost portion forms most of the bladder and the remainder forms the urethra with its associated glands .
The insertion of plastic balls into the pleural cavity to cause collapse of the lung .
The inside of the eye as seen through an ophthalmoscope .
The instrument is brought to a steady temperature of 100oF and then exposed to the air .
The instrument is passed through the wall of the vagina behind to the neck of the womb .
The instrument is used for exploring cavities , wounds , fistulas , or sinus channels .
The instrument is used in surgical operations to pick up pieces of tissue or the cut end of an artery .
The instrument is used particularly for measuring the amount of haemoglobin in the blood .
The instrument used to produce a scintigram .
The intake of small droplets of fluid by a cell by cytoplasmic engulfment .
The intellectually precocious child has a high IQ and may become isolated from his contemporaries or frustrated at school .
The intense itching is caused by the mite 's secretion .
The intensity of a sound to be measured is compared by the human ear to a reference tone of 2 x 10 - 5 pascal sound pressure and 1000 hertz frequency .
The intensity of heat of the body , as measured by a thermometer .
The intensity of the reference tone is increased until it appears to be equal in loudness to the sound being measured .
The interference patterns produced on a liquid surface are illuminated by laser light and photographed to form a hologram .
The internal jugular is a very large paired vein running vertically down the side of the neck and draining blood from the brain , face , and neck .
The internal serous pericardium is a closed sac of serous membrane : the inner visceral portion ( epicardium ) is closely attached to the muscular heart wall and the outer perietal portion lines the fibrous pericardium .
The international agreed system of unit now in use for all scientific purposes .
The interplay of sympathetic and parasympathetic reflex activity ( the actions are often antagonistic ) governs their working .
The interstitial ( Leydig ) cells , between the tubules , are the major producers of androgen .
The interval between exposure to an infection and the apprearance of the first symptoms .
The interval between fever attacks varies in different types of malaria : in quartan malaria ( or fever ) , caused by P . malariae , it is three days ; in tertian malaria ( P . ovale or P . vivax ) , two days ; and in malignant tertian ( or quotidian ) malaria ( P . falciparum ) - the most severe kind - form a few hours to two days ( see also blackwater fever ) .
The intervertebral discs account for one quarter of the total length of the backbone .
The intimate but not necessarily obligatory association between two different species of organism in which there is mutual aid and benefit .
The intricately folded outer layer of the cerebrum , making up some 40 % of the brain by weight and composed an estimated 15 thousand million neurones ( see grey matter ) .
The introduction into the tissues of positively charged ionized substances ( cations ) by the use of a direct electric current .
The introduction of a catherter into a hollow organ .
The introduction of a small quantity of vaccine in the process of immunization , a more general name for vaccination .
The introduction of a tube into part of the body for the purpose of diagnosis or treatment .
The introduction of fluid ( pleural effusion ) or gas separates the pleural surfaces and increases the volume of the pleural space .
The introduction of one organ or part into another , e . g . the penis into the vagina .
The invention of circumstantial but fictitious detail about events supposed to have occurred in the past .
The investigations involve the use of X - rays , ultra - sound scanning thermography , and analysis of amniotic fluid ( obtained by amniocentesis ) or of fetal blood ( obtained by fetoscopy ) .
The involved area becomes bluish in colour .
The involuntary discharge of semen without orgasm .
The involuntary passing of urine , especially bedwetting at night ( nocturnal enuresis ) .
The ions enter enamel during its formation , by surface absorption .
The iris acts like a wick and keeps the incision open for the drainage of fluid from the front chamber of the eye to the tissue beneath the conjunctiva .
The iris blocks the hole and prevents the further leakage of fluid from the front chamber of the eye .
The iron lung is a type of respirator in which the patient is enclosed , except for the head , in an airtight container in which the air pressure is decreased and increased mechanically .
The jaundice can be diminished by small doses of phenobarbitone , which stimulates enzyme activity .
The jaws form the framework of the mouth and provide attachment for the teeth .
The jelly - like substance that surrounds the nucleus of a cell .
The joining by ossification of two adjacent bones .
The joint between the forearm and hand .
The joints are affected symmetrically and there is a considerable range of severity .
The juice drains into small ducts that open into the pancreatic duct .
The juice of an evergreen Malaysian tree , which is hard at room temperature but becomes soft and elastic when heated in boiling water .
The keratin plug turns black , forming the familiar blackhead .
The ketones acetoacetic acid , acetone , and - hydroxybutyrate ( known as ketone ( or acetone ) bodies ) are produced during the metabolism of fats .
The kidney is fixed to the twelfth rib and adjacent posterior abdominal wall to prevent descent of the kidney on standing ( see nephroptosis ) .
The kidneys are situated at the back of the abdomen , below the diaphragm , one on each side of the spine .
The kinins bradykinin and kallidin are formed in the blood by the action of proteolytic enzymes ( kallikreins ) on certain plasma globulins ( kininogens ) .
The knee , any bent anatomical structure resembling the knee .
The knee jerk ( see patellar reflex ) is the reflex kicking movement produced by contraction of the quadriceps muscle of the thigh after it has been stretched by tapping the tendon below the knee .
The knee jerk , in which stretching the muscle at the front of the thigh by tapping its tendon below the knee cap causes a reflex contraction of the muscle , so that the leg kicks .
The knife is itself one electrode , the other being a large moistened pad applied to another part of the patient 's body .
The knowledge or study of pharmacologically active principles derived from plants .
The laboratory procedure in which a part or the whole of the central nervous system of an experimental animal ( such as a frog ) is destroyed , usually by inserting a probe through the foramen magnum , in preparation for physiological or pharmacological experiments .
The lack of any respiratory movement results in a bluish discoloration of the skin and lips ( cyanosis ) .
The lacrimal caruncle is the red prominence at the inner angle of the eye .
The lacrimal gland secretes tears , which drain away through small openings ( puncta ) at the inner corner of the eye into two lacrimal canaliculi .
The lactic acid produced by the fermentation of milk is responsible for the preservation and flavour of cheese , yoghurt , and other fermented milk products .
The lacunae are linked by minute channels ( canaliculi ) .
The large bone in the tarsus of the foot that forms the projection of the heel behind the foot .
The large intestine consists of the caecum , vermiform appendix , colon , and rectum .
The large letter at the top is of such a size that it can be read by a person with normal sight from a distance of 60 metres .
The large number of hydrogen bonds in proteins and nucleic acids are responsible for maintaining the stable molecular structure of these compounds .
The large process of the ulna that projects behind the elbow joint .
The larger of the two membranous sacs within the vestibule of the ear : it forms part of the membranous labyrinth .
The larger outer pair are known as the labia majora and the smaller inner pair the labia minora .
The largest ( cisterna magna ) lies beneath the cerebellum and behind the medulla oblongata .
The largest and most highly developed part of the brain , composed of the two cerebral hemispheres , separated from each other by the longitudinal fissure in the midline ( see illustration ) .
The largest and oldest of the statutory bodies responsible for monitoring the health and safety of factory workers .
The largest gland of the body , weighing 1200 - 1600 g .
The largest part of the hindbrain , bulging back behind the pons and the medulla oblongata and overhung by the occipital lobes of the cerebrum .
The larva bores through the gut wall and usually migrates to the liver , where it develops into a nymph ( see porocephaliasis ) .
The larva burrow within the skin tissues , their movements marked by long thin red lines that cause the patient intense irritation .
The larva subsequently migrates to the muscles , where it develops into a cysticercus .
The larvae , which migrate around the body , cause destruction of various tissue .
The larvae , which normally develop in frogs and reptiles , are accidentally transferred to man by eating the uncooked flesh of these animals or by drinking water contaminated with minute crustaceans infected with the tapeworm larvae .
The larvae cause inflammation , swelling , and fibrosis of the tissue .
The larvae eventually settle within cysts in the muscles , and this may result in pain and stiffness .
The larvae of certain tapeworms , including species of Diphyllobothrium and Spirometra , which may accidentally infect man ( see sparganosis ) .
The lashes become matted together and tend to fall out or become distored .
The lashes may rub against the eye and cause irritation ( see trichiasis ) .
The last two pairs of ribs - the floating ribs - end freely in the muscles of the body wall .
The lateral and medial condyles articulate with the tibia and the concave grooved patellar surface accommodates the kneecap ( patella ) .
The lateral wall of each chamber is formed by the three scroll - shaped nasal conchae , below each of which is a groovelike passage ( meatus ) .
The latter are more than 300 times as deadly as mustard gas : one inhalation can kill by paralysing the respiratory muscles .
The latter condition may follow the use of heat or bleach on the hair or be caused by persistent rubbing .
The latter develop directly into the final larval stage ( see cercaria ) without the intermediate redia stage .
The latter exists in the plasma as an inactive precursor ( plasminogen ) , which is activated in parallel with the blood coagulation process .
The latter is more truly reflected in the perinatal mortality rate ( the sum of stillbirths and first - week or neonatal deaths per 1000 total births ) .
The latter may bear cilia or brush borders or secrete mucus or other substances ( see goblet cell ) .
The latter may occur as a primary disease ( see polycythaemia vera ) or as a secondary condition in association with various respiratory or circulatory disorders that cause deficiency of oxygen in the tissues and with certain tumours , such as carcinoma of the kidney .
The lattice - like tissue that lies between the inner and outer layers of the skull .
The layer of connective tissue surrounding the womb .
The layer of fat underneath the dermis can act as a reservoir of food and water .
The layer of fibrous tissue that separates individual fibres within a nerve .
The layer of greasy material that covers the skin of a fetus or newborn baby .
The layer of loose connective ( areolar ) tissue underlying a mucous membrane ; for example , in the wall of the intestine .
The layer of the eyeball between the retina and the sclera .
The leak can occur without apparent cause , in otherwise healthy people ( spontaneous pneumothorax ) , or result from injuries to the chest ( traumatic pneumothorax ) .
The leakage and spread of blood or fluid from vessels into the surrounding tissues , which follows injury , burns , inflammation , and allergy .
The left atrium receives oxygenated blood from the lungs via the pulmonary vein .
The left subclavian arises directly from the aortic arch .
The left ventricle , which is thicker than the right , receives blood from the pulmonary vein via the left atrium and pumps is into the aorta .
The leg becomes pale , swollen , and tense and is painful .
The leg pulses are often absent and the feet may be cold .
The legless adults are parasites in the lungs of snakes .
The length of axon covered with a myelin sheath .
The lens is usually removed intact ( intracapsular extraction ) , but there are several techniques in which the capsule of the lens is left behind ( extracapsular extraction ) .
The lens shaped bone that forms the kneecap .
The lenticular nucleus consists of the putamen and globus pallidus .
The lesion produced in the lung of a previously uninfected person by tubercle bacilli .
The less well differentiated tumours containing elements of histiocytes have been recently reclassified as malignant fibrous histiocytomas .
The lesser omentum links the stomach with the liver .
The lesser vestibular glands , around the vaginal opening , perform the same function .
The levels of lithium in the blood are therefore usually checked during long - term therapy .
The ligament around a tooth , by which it is attached to the bone .
The light - sensitive layer that lines the interior or the eye .
The lightly staining material surrounding the much more deeply staining chromatin in the nucleus of a cell not undergoing division .
The limb is inserted into a fluid - filled watertight casing ( oncometer ) and the pressure variations in the fluid are recorded .
The limen nasi is the boundary between the bony and cartilaginous parts of the nasal cavity .
The line that marks the fusion of two bones that were separate at an early stage of development , such as the symphysis of the mandible .
The linea alba is a tendinous line , extending from the xiphoid process to the pubic symphysis , where the flat abdominal muscles are attached .
The lingual surface of a tooth is the surface adjacent to the tongue .
The lining membrane of the womb usually thickens and there may be fluid - filled sacs in the ovary .
The lining of small intestine is inflamed and atrophied , probably because of infection .
The linking of the two strands of a DNA molecule by means of hydrogen bonds between the bases of the nucleotides .
The lipoprotein envelope surrounding a cell ( plasma or cells membrane ) .
The liquid food secreted by female mammals from the mammary gland .
The liquid is placed in special containers that are spun at high speed around a central axis .
The liquid secreted by the gastric glands of the stomach .
The list varies for different countries , being largely dependent on the endemic communicable diseases and the diseases that may be imported .
The little evidence there is favours the use of behavioural techniques , such as desentization and flooding .
The liver also synthesizes fibrinogen and prothrombin ( essential blood - clotting substances ) and heparin , an anticoagulant .
The liver becomes enlarged and the lungs inflamed ( see pneumonitis ) .
The liver becomes tawny and characteristically knobbly ( due to the nodules ) .
The liver has a number of important functions .
The liver is also the site of vitamin A synthesis .
The liver is an important site of metabolism of carbohydrates , proteins , and fats .
The liver is supplied by parasympathetic nerve fibres from the vagus nerve , and by sympathetic fibres from the solar plexus .
The liver may also be extensively damaged ( causing liver rot ) .
The liver of a patient with cirrhosis , which has a knobbly appearance caused by regenerating nodules separated by bands of fibrous tissue .
The locus ceruleus is a small pigmented region in the floor of the fourth ventricle of the brain .
The long fine process that extends from the cell body of a neurone and carries nerve impulses .
The long passage through which food passes to be digested and absorbed ( see illustration ) .
The long projection from the base of the neural arch of a vertebra .
The long saphenous vein - the longest vein in the body - runs from the foot , up the medical side of the leg , to the groin , where it joins the femoral vein .
The long secretory duct of the parotid salivary gland .
The long thin outer bone of the lower leg .
The longest muscle in the body , the sartorius flexes the leg on the thigh and the thigh on the abdomen .
The loop is used to encircle the base of the tumour and is then pulled tight .
The loudness of this sound in phons is then equal to the number of decibels by which the reference tone has had to be increased .
The loudness recruitment test : a test of hearing used to distinguish deafness due to disease of the cochlea ( in the inner ear ) from other causes of deafness .
The lower end anticulates both with the scaphoid and lunate bones of the carpus ( wrist ) and with the ulna ( via the ulnar notch on the side of the bone ) .
The lower end of the stomach , which leads to the duodenum .
The lower end projects laterally as the lateral malleolus , which articulates with one side of the talus .
The lower incisor erupts first at about 6 months of age , and all the deciduous teeth have usually erupted by the age of 2 - 3 .
The lower incisors are shed first at about 6 years of age , and from this time until about 12 years old both deciduous and permanent teeth are present , i . e . there is a mixed dentition .
The lower is used for reading and close work ; and the middle one for the intermediate distance .
The lower part of the female reproductive tract : a muscular tube , lined with mucous membrane , connecting the cervix of the uterus to the exterior .
The lowermost element of the backbone : the vestigial human tail .
The lowermost section of the breastbone ( see sternum ) : a flat pointed cartilage that gradually ossifies until it is completely replaced by bone , a process not completed until after middle age .
The lowest of the three portions of the small intestine .
The lowest point of the midline of the lower jaw .
The Lundh test meal is a meal of oil and protein to stimulate pancreatic secretion , which is withdrawn from the doudenum and its trypsin content measured as a test of pancreatic function .
The lung can usually be helped to expand by physiotherapy and supportive measures , but prolonged ateletasis becomes irreversible .
The lung lobule is a practical subdivision of the lung tissue seen macroscopically in lung slices as outlined by incomplete septa of fibrous tissue .
The lungs and the kidneys play an important role in the regulation of the acid - base balance .
The lungs are fibrous elastic sacs that are expanded and compressed by movements of the rib cage and diaphragm during breathing .
The lymph nodes help to contain and combat the infection .
The lymph vessels in the genital region may become blocked , causing thickening of the skin of that area .
The lymphatics lead to two large channels - the thoracic duct and the right lymphatic duct - which return the lymph to the bloodstream via the innominate veins .
The machine that records this activity is known as an encephalograph .
The macrogamete is similar to the ovum of higher animal groups and larger than the male sex cell ( see microgamete ) .
The macula lutea is the yellow spot on the retina at the back of the eye , which surrounds the greatest concentration of cones ( see fovea ) .
The maggot of P . regina normally breeds in decaying meat but it has occasionally been found in suppurating wounds , giving rise to a type of myiasis .
The maggots are normally parasites of rats , but if they come into contact with man they penetrate the skin , producing boil - like swellings ( see also myiasis ) .
The maggots burrow into the skin , after emerging from eggs transported by bloodsucking insects ( e . g . mosquitoes ) , and produce painful boil - like swellings .
The maggots can be gently eased out by applying oil to the swellings .
The maggots migrate beneath the skin surface , producing an inflamed linear lesion similar to that of creeping eruption .
The main advantage of this form of diversion is the avoidance of an external opening and appliance to collect the urine .
The main arterial trunk arising from the fetal heart .
The main artery of the body , from which all other derive .
The main breakdown product of protein metabolism .
The main cartilage of the larynx , consisting of two broad plates that joint at the front of form a V - shaped structure .
The main causes are atherosclerosis , chronic rheumatic heart disease , and hypertensive heart disease .
The main complication is formation of a pseudocyst .
The main danger is that of ventricular fibrillation , which accounts for most of the fatalities .
The main danger is that the clot may become detached and give rise to pulmonary embolism .
The main features are a bronze colour of the skin , diabetes , and liver failure .
The main features are a characteristic staining of the mouth and odour on the breath .
The main features are fever , arthritis progressing from joint to joint , reddish circular patches on the skin , small painless nodules formed on bony prominences such as the elbow , abnormal involuntary movements of the limbs and head ( chorea ) , and inflammation of the membrane surrounding the heart .
The main features are fever , changing heart murmurs , heart failure , and embolism .
The main female reproductive organ , which produces ova ( egg cells ) and steroid hormones in a regular cycle ( see menstrual cycle ) in response to hormones ( gonadotrophins ) from the anterior pituitary gland .
The main gonadotrophins are follicle - stimulating hormone and luteinizing hormone .
The main kinds of phobia are specific phobias , isolated fears of particular things , such as sharp knives ) ; agoraphobia ; social phobias of encountering people ; and animal phobias , as of spiders , rats , or dogs ( see also preparedness ) .
The main or largest part of an organ ( such as the stomach or uterus ) .
The main part of a blood vessel , lymph vessel , or nerve , from which branches arise .
The main part of the large intestine , which consists of four sections - the ascending , transverse , descending , and sigmoid colons ( see illustration ) .
The main physical features are a slightly oblique slant to the eyes , as in the Mongolian races ( hence the former name of this condition mongolism ) ; a round head ; flat nasal bridge ; fissured tongue ; abnormalities of the palms , including single transverse creases and characteristic dermal ridges ; small round or knotty ears ; and short stature .
The main receptors lie in the carotid sinuses and the aortic arch .
The main side - effect are nausea and abdominal pain .
The main side - effects are gastrointestinal irritation and allergy .
The main symptom is bleeding , and in first degree hemorrhoids , which never appear at the anus , bleeding at the end of defecation is the only symptom .
The main symptoms are excessive tiredness and fatigability , breathlessness on exertion , pallor , and poor resistance to infection .
The main symptoms are headache , dizziness , ringing in the ears ( tinnitus ) , disturbances of vision , vomiting , and in severe cases delirium and collapse .
The main symptoms are heartburn , regurgitation of bitter fluid , and sometimes difficulty in swallowing .
The main symptoms are muscular weakness and cramps .
The main trypanocides are arsenic - containing compounds .
The main types of schizophrenia are simple , in which increasing social withdrawal and personal ineffectiveness are the major change .
The main uses of mercury salts today are in antiseptics , fungicides , and antiparasitic agents .
The major female sex hormone produced by the ovary .
The major functions of muscles are to produce movements of the body , to maintain the position of the body against the force of gravity , to produce movements of structures inside the body , and to alter pressures or tensions of structures in the body .
The major nerve of the leg and the nerve with the largest diameter .
The major tranquillizers are effective therapy , and electroconvulsive therapy is sometimes used .
The major uses of arteriography are to demonstrate the site and extent of atheroma , especially in the coronary arteries ( coronary angiography ) and leg arteries ( femoral angiography ) , and to reveal the site of aneurysms within the skull or cerebral tumours ( carotid and vertebral artery angiography ) .
The major varieties are organic and functional ; in the latter no physical cause has been demonstrated .
The majority of cases in which pain is present are treated with rest and a surgical belt or corset .
The making of X - ray or infrared photographs of the breast : used for the early detection of abnormal growths .
The making of X - ray pictures of the amniotic sac , which enables the placenta and umbilical cord to be visualized .
The malabsorption is treated by a low - fat diet with pancreatic enzyme supplements , and the diabetes with insulin .
The malarial parasite ( Plasmodium ) displays pleomorphism .
The malarial parasite ( see Plasmodium ) is transmitted to man solely through the bite of female Anopheles mosquitoes .
The male organ that carries the urethra , through which urine and semen are discharged ( see illustration ) .
The male urethra is longer ( about 20cm ) and runs through the penis .
The mammary gland of a woman , one of two compound glands that produce milk .
The manifestations are identical to those of thrombocytopenic purpura .
The manipulation of extremely small structures under the microscope , as in microdissection , or microsurgery .
The manubrium slopes back from the body so that the junction between the two parts forms an angle ( angle of Louis or sternal angle ) .
The many causes include wax ( cerumen ) in the ear , damage to the eardrum ; disease of the inner ear , such as otosclorosis and Meniere 's disease ; drugs such as aspirin and quinine , and abnormalities of the auditory nerve and its connections within the brain .
The many small tubes that conduct spermatozoa from the testis to the epididymis .
The mass of connective tissue in the pulp cavity , at the center of a tooth .
The master endocrine gland : a pea - sized body attached beneath the hypothalamus in a bony cavity at the base of the skull .
The mastoid ( or tympanic ) antrum is the space connecting the air cells of the mastoid process with the chamber of the inner ear .
The mastoid process of the temporal bone .
The material - silk , catgut , nylon , or wire - used to sew up a wound .
The material , which is usually swallowed by psychiatrically disturbed patients , accumulates and ultimately causes gastric obstruction .
The material eliminated from the womb through the vagina after the completion of labour .
The material is produced and laid down in concentric layers by Schwann cells at regular intervals along the nerve fibre ( see illustrations ) .
The material is usually embedded in a suitable medium , such as paraffin wax .
The material most widely used is cast gold .
The material of a cell nucleus that stains with basic dyes and consists of DNA and protein : the substance of which the chromosomes are made .
The material of which living cells are made , which includes the cytoplasm and nucleus .
The material used for immunization ( the vaccine ) may consist of live bacteria or viruses so treated that they are harmless while remaining antigenic or completely dead organisms or their products ( e . g . toxins ) chemically or physically altered to produce the same effect .
The material used to fill the canal in the root , usually a core of gutta - percha with a thin coating of sealing cement .
The matrix of bone , consisting principally of calcium phosphate , accounts for about 99 % of the body 's calcium .
The matrix of connective tissue , in which various cells and fibres are embedded .
The mature female sex cell ( see gamete ) .
The maximum volume of air that a person can exhale after maximum inhalation .
The mean of this value is the variance .
The means by which ECT acts is not yet known .
The means by which information about health events from several different sources ( e . g . hospital attendance , vaccination , and consultation with general practitioners ) are all related to a specific individual in a common file or more usually a computerized record .
The means whereby an undesirable impulse can be avoided or controlled ( see censor ) .
The measurement of individual differences in psychological functions ( such as intelligence and personality ) by means of standardized tests .
The measurement of living things and the processes associated with life , including the application of mathematics , particularly statistics , to problems in biology .
The measurement of the four internal diameters of the pelvis ( transverse , anteroposterior , left oblique , and right oblique ) .
The mechanism by which emphysema develops is not understood , although it is known to be particularly common in men in Britain and is associated with chronic bronchitis , smoking , and advancing age .
The mechanism whereby the circulating blood is kept separate from the tissue fluids surrounding the brain cells .
The median effective dose ( ED50 ) is the dose of a drug that produces desired effects in 50 % of individual tested .
The mediastium contains the heart , aorta , trachea , esophagus , and thymus gland and is divided into anterior , middle , posterior , and superior regions .
The medical specialty concerned with the diagnosis and management of disease involving joints , tendons , muscles , ligaments , and associated structures .
The medical specialty concerned with the diagnosis and treatment of skin disorders .
The medication , such as eye drops , applied in this way .
The medium is inoculated by stabbing with a bacteria - coated straight wire .
The medulla forms the grey core of the gland .
The medullary cavity is lined with endosteum and contains the marrow .
The medullary velum is either of two thin layers of tissue that form part of the roof of the fourth ventricle of the brain .
The medulloblastoma usually develops adjacent to the fourth ventricle .
The meeting point of a nerve fibre and the muscle fibre that it supplies .
The members act as spokesmen for the local practitioner , by whom they are elected .
The membrane , composed of mesothelium and connective tissue , that forms the sac enclosing a freely movable joint ( see diarthrosis ) .
The membrane at the inner end of the external auditory meatus , separating the outer and middle ears .
The membrane is closely attached to the surface of the brain and spinal cord , faithfully following each fissure and sulcus .
The membrane itself has no blood supply .
The membrane of a resting nerve is charged ( polarized ) because of the different concentrations of ions inside and outside the cell .
The membrane resembles a cell membrane and the whole vesicle is similar to a cell organelle .
The membrane separating it from the foregut breaks down by the end of the first month of pregnancy .
The membrane separating it from the hindgut breaks down in the third month of gestation .
The membrane surrounding the heart , consisting of two portions .
The membrane that covers the opening of the vagina at birth but usually perforates spontaneously before puberty .
The membrane that forms initially over the dorsal part of the embryo but soon expands to enclose it completely within the amniotic cavity .
The membrane that lines the marrow cavity of a bone .
The membrane that separates the scala vestibuli and the scala media of the cochlea of the ear .
The membranous labyrinth is a series of interconnected membranous canals and chambers consisting of the semicircular canals , utricle , and saccule ( concerned with balance ) and the central cavity of the cochlea ( concerned with hearing ) ( see illustration ) .
The membranous sac , composed of mesoderm lined with endoderm , that lives ventral to the embryo .
The membranous sac that develops as an outgrowth of the embryonic hindgut .
The membranous structures that surround the embryo and contribute to the placenta and umbilical cord .
The menopause can occur at any age between the middle thirties and the late fifties .
The mental and physical deterioration resulting from addiction to cocaine .
The Mental Health ( Amendment ) Acts of 1982 made further provisions for the protection of the civil rights of patients , the restriction of grounds for detention and compulsory treatment , and for a commission to regulate aspects of the practice of psychiatry ( see Mental Health Act Commission ) .
The Mental Health Acts 1959 provided the framework for England and Wales ; similar Acts in 1960 and 1961 provided for Scotland and Northern Ireland .
The mesoderm tissue of the umbilical cord , which becomes converted to a loose jelly - like mesenchyme surrounding the umbilical blood vessels .
The mesonephroc duct ( see mesonephros ) .
The metabolic role of folic acid is interdependent with that of vitamin B12 ( both are required by rapidly dividing cells ) and a deficiency of one may lead to deficiency of the other .
The metal is bound to the drug and excreted safety .
The method depends for its reliability on the woman having uniform regular periods and its failure rate is higher than with mechanical methods , approaching 25 pregnancies per 100 woman - years .
The method has been used to transfer salicylate ions through the skin in the treatment of deep rheumatic pain .
The method is unreliable ( 10 - 20 pregnancies per 100 woman - years ) and it may lead to sexual disharmony and anxiety in one or both partners .
The microgamete is similar to the sperm cell of higher animal groups and smaller than the female sex cell ( see macrogamete ) .
The middle and largest segment of the sternum .
The middle ear ( tympanic cavity ) or the eardrum .
The middle germ layer of the early embryo .
The middle layer of the wall of a vein or artery .
The middle layer of various other organs or parts .
The middle lobe of the cerebellum , excluding the pyramid and uvula .
The middle of the three layers forming the wall of the heart ( see also endocardium , epicardium ) .
The middle of the three membranes covering the brain and spinal cords ( see meninges ) , which has a fine , almost cobweb - like , texture .
The middle portion of the embryonic gut , which gives rise to most of the small intestine and part of the large intestine .
The middle section of the anal canal , below the anal valves ( see anus ) .
The midpoint of the anterior border of the large hole ( foramen magnum ) at the base of the skull .
The migrainous aura usually affects the patient 's eyesight with brilliant flickering lights or blurring of vision .
The migration of the larvae into the eye can cause total or partial blindness - the river blindness of Africa .
The milk - producing gland of female mammals .
The milk passes from the lobules into ducts , which join up to form 15 - 20 lactiferous ducts .
The mind or the soul ; the mental ( as opposed to the physical ) functioning of the individual .
The mineralocorticoids ( e . g . aldosterone ) are necessary for the regulation of salt and water balance .
The minimum amount of energy expended by the body to maintain vital processes , e . g . respiration , circulation , and digestion .
The minute gap across which nerve impulses pass from one neurone to the next , at the end of a nerve fibre .
The miracidia then bore into the snail 's soft tissues and there continue their development as sporocysts .
The misleading appearance of clumping during an antiserum - antigen test as a result of incorrect temperature or acidity of the solutions used .
The misplacement , due either to a congenital defect or injury , of a bodily part .
The mites may occasionally infest the skin of the scalp and cause dermatitis .
The mixture is boiled and shaken for about two minutes , then left to cool .
The mixture of foods that a person eats .
The moderately and severely subnormal ( with an IQ of approximately 20 - 50 ) usually need much more help .
The modified mucous membrane that lines the wall of the uterus ( womb ) during pregnancy and is shed with the afterbirth at parturition ( see endometrium ) .
The moist membrane lining many tubular structures and cavities , including the nasal sinuses , respiratory tract , gastro - intestinal tract , biliary , and pancreatic systems .
The mons pubis is the mound of fatty tissue lying over the pubic symphysis .
The mood is euphoric and changes rapidly to irritability .
The morbidity rate is the number of cases of a disease found to occur in a stated number of the population ,usually given as cases per 100,000 or per million 
The more concentrated the solution ( i . e . the more solute molecules it contains ) , the greater its osmotic pressure .
The more malignant varieties may also require additional radiotherapy .
The more serious side - effects include ear and kidney damage .
The mortality rate in untreated cases is over 50 % .
The most abundant monosaccharide is glucose ( a hexose ) .
The most abundant protein in muscle fibrils , having the important properties of elasticity and contractility .
The most acute form , starting in infancy and usually rapidly fatal , is associated with tumours containing histiocytes in the internal organs ( Letterer - Siwe disease ) .
The most common causes of fetal dystocia are excessive size or mal - presentation of the baby .
The most common disability is a spastic paralysis ( an affected child is called a spastic ) , which may slowly increase from contractures to cause fixed deformities of the limbs .
The most common disaccharides are maltose , lactose , and sucrose .
The most common form is Duchenne dystrophy , which is inherited as a sexlinked recessive character and is nearly always restricted to boys .
The most common form of embolism is pulmonary embolism , in which a blood clot is carried in the circulation to lodge in the pulmonary artery .
The most common side - effect of antihistamines is drowsiness and because of this they are sometimes used to promote sleep .
The most common side - effects are drowsiness and dizziness .
The most common site of coarctation is just beyond the origin of the left subclavian artery from the aorta .
The most common sling is a triangular bandage tied behind the neck to support the weight of a broken arm .
The most common type is bronchopneumonia , which starts around the bronchi and bronchioles .
The most common type is primary ( essential ) dysmenorrhoea , which begins with the first period and has no apparent cause .
The most common type is the hiatus hernia , in which the stomach passes partly or completely into the chest cavity through the hole ( hiatus ) for the oesophagus ( gullet ) .
The most common type of cartilage : a bluish - white elastic material with a matrix of chondroitin sulphate in which fine collagen fibrils are embedded .
The most common type of colour blindness is Daltonism ( protanopia ) red - blindness , in which the person cannot distinguish between reds and greens .
The most common type of dwarf is the achondroplastic dwarf ( see achondroplasia ) .
The most common type of ectopic pregnancy is a tubal ( or oviducal pregnancy ) , which occurs in Fallopian tubes that become blocked or inflamed .
The most common type of porphyrin found in nature .
The most commonly affected lymph nodes are those in the neck , in association with tonsillitis .
The most commonly used test for the diagnosis of syphilis .
The most common side - effects are nausea , loss of appetite , and raised temperature .
The most dangerous communicable diseases are on the list of notifiable diseases .
The most important are soft sore ( chancroid ) , gonorrhoea , and syphilis .
The most important electron transport chain is the respiratory chain , present in mitochondria and functioning in cellular respiration .
The most important form is - carotene , which can be converted in the body to retinol ( vitamin A ) .
The most important functional psychoses are schizophrenia and manic - depressive psychosis .
The most important mucilages are of acacia , tragacanth , and starch .
The most important opiate morphine and its synthetic derivative heroin are narcotics , producing feelings of euphoria before inducing stupor .
The most important sterols are cholesterol and ergosterol .
The most malignant type of brain tumour derived from non - nervous ( glial ) tissue ( see astrocytoma ) .
The most posterior part of the embryonic hindgut .
The most potent of these is tocopherol .
The most serious condition occurs if the mother has a gonorrhoeal infection : blindness will result unless antibiotic treatment or silver nitrate eyedrops are given promptly .
The most serious effects of a deficiency are pernicious anaemia and degeneration of the nervous system .
The most serious side - effects are on the blood - forming tissue , resulting in a reduction in white blood cells and platelets .
The most superficial layer of the skin , one cell in thickness , that is only present early in embryonic development .
The most usual cause is blockage of blood vessels in the optic nerve ( ischaemic optic neuropathy ) .
The most usual kind ( transverse myelitis ) most often occurs during the development of multiple sclerosis , but it is sometimes a manifestation of encephalomyelitis , when it can occur as an isolated attack .
The most widely prescribed antidepressants are a group of drugs with a basic chemical structure of three benzene rings , called tricyclic antidepressants , which include amitriptyline and imipramine .
The mother - to - be is given a short course of hormones , causing several ova to mature at the same time .
The motile elongated zygote of the malarial parasite ( Plasmodium ) , formed after fertilization of the macrogamete .
The motile embryo of certain nematodes ( see filaria ) .
The motile embryos , present in the blood during the day , may be taken up by bloodsucking Chrysops flies .
The motile flagellate male sex cell of the malarial parasite ( Plasmodium ) and other single - celled animals ( see Protozoa ) .
The motor cortex of the left cerebral hemisphere is responsible for muscular activity in the right side of the body .
The motor fibres are responsible for controlling the muscle involved in chewing , while the sensory fibres relay information about temperature , pain , and touch from the whole front half of the head ( including the mouth ) and also from the meninges .
The mottle enamel is resistant to dental caries .
The mouthparts of flies are adapted for sucking and sometimes also for piercing and biting .
The mouthparts of many species , e . g . mosquitoes and tsetse flies , are specialized for sucking blood .
The mucous membrane consists of a surface layer of epithelium , which contains glands secreting mucus , with underlying layers of connective tissue ( lamina propria ) and muscularis mucosea , which forms the inner boundary of the mucous membrane .
The mucous membrane lining the neck ( cervix ) of the womb .
The mucous membrane lining the uterus ( womb ) , which becomes progressively thicker and more glandular has an increased blood supply in the latter part of the menstrual cycle .
The mucous membranes and internal organs are also affected .
The muscle fibres shrink and are replaced by fat .
The muscle is paralysed and its normal tone ( elasticity ) is lost .
The muscles of the face , temples , and neck are especially wasted .
The muscles of the shoulder and the flexors of the elbow are paralysed and the arm hangs at the side internally rotated at the shoulder .
The muscular dystrophies are classified according to the patient 's age at onset , distribution of the weakness , the progression of the disease , and the mode of inheritance .
The muscular layer of the intestine , consisting of a layer of circular muscle inside a layer of longitudinal muscle .
The muscular tissue of the uterus ( womb ) , which surrounds the endometrium .
The muscularis muscosae is the muscular layer of a mucous membrane complex , especially that of the stomach or intestine .
The mutation of such a gene with therefore have multiple effects .
The myelin sheaths surrounding nerves in the brain and spinal cord are damaged , which affects the function of the nerves involved .
The myopathies are usually subdivided into those that are inherited ( see muscular dystrophy ) and those that are acquired .
The nail becomes convex in all directions and in extreme cases the digit end becomes bulbous like a club or drumstick .
The nails become white , opaque , thickened , and brittle .
The name derives from Patients - Operated Selector Mechanism ( POSM ) .
The name given by early physiologists to the substances released from sympathetic nerve endings , now known to be a mixture of adrenaline and noradrenaline .
The name was applied originally only to treatment with vaccinia ( cowpox ) virus , which gives protection not only against cowpox itself but also against the related smallpox .
The names of enzymes usually end in – ase .
The naming and classification of diseases .
The narrow channel , containing cerebrospinal fluid , that connects the third and fourth ventricles of the brain .
The narrow neck of tissue connecting some tumours to the normal tissue from which they have developed .
The narrow opening between the scala vestibuli and the scala tympani at the tip of the cochlea in the ear .
The National Association for Mental Health .
The natural anticoagulant heparin directly interferes with blood clotting and is active both within the body and against a sample of blood in a test tube .
The natural pacemaker of the heart ( the sinoatrial node ) , which lies in the wall of the right atrium , controls the rate and rhythm of the whole heart under the influence of the autonomic nervous system .
The natural shedding of deciduous teeth .
The naturally occurring steroids include the male and female sex hormones ( androgens and oestrogens ) , the hormones of the adrenal cortex ( see corticosteroid ) , progesterone , bile salts , and sterols .
The nature of the fremitus gives an indication as to whether the chest is affected by disease .
The navel : a circular depression in the centre of the abdoment marking the site of attachment of the umbilical cord in the fetus .
The neck of the womb sometimes protrudes from the vaginal opening .
The needles are stimulated either by rotation or , more recently , by an electric current .
The nematode infections are treated with diethylcarbamazine or thiabendazole .
The nerve connecting the cochlea to the brain and therefore responsible for the nerve impulses relating to hearing .
The nerve fibres that carry painful sensation to consciousness travel from the spinal cord through the brainstem in the spinothalamic tracts .
The nerve fibres transmitting the sensation of pain to consciousness pass up the spinal cord in special tracts ( the spinothalamic tracts ) .
The nerve supply to an area or organ of the body , which can carry either motor impulses to the structure or sensory impulses away from it towards the brain .
The nerve that supplies the muscles of the diaphragm .
The nerve that supplies the quadriceps muscle at the front of the thigh and receives sensation from the front and inner sides of the thigh .
The nerves carry sensory and motor fibres from the upper and lower leg and from the anal and genital regions .
The nervous circuit involved in a reflex , being at its simplest a sensory nerve with a receptor , linked at a synapse in the brain or spinal cord with a motor nerve , which supplies a muscle or gland ( see illustration ) .
The network of blood capillaries contained within the cuplike end ( Bowman 's capsule ) of a nephron .
The neural arch bears one spinous process and two transverse processes , providing anchorage for muscles , and four particular processes , with which adjacent vertebrae articulate ( see illustration ) .
The neurilemma of a medullated fibre contains myelin laid down by Schwann cells .
The neurological condition resulting when the spinal cord has been partly cut through .
The neurological disorder complicating a deficiency of vitamin B12 and pernicious anemia .
The newly oxygenated blood returns to the left atrium via the pulmonary veins and passes through to the left ventricle .
The next three pairs - the false ribs - are attached indirectly : each is connected by its cartilage to the rib above it .
The next three ribs are indirectly connected to the sternum by three costal cartilages , each of which is connected to the one immediately above it .
The ninth cranial nerve ( IX ) , which supplies motor fibres to part of the pharynx and to the parotid salivary glands and sensory fibres to the posterior third of the tongue and the soft palate .
The nodules may break down and ulcerate though they may clear up spontaneously .
The noise heard on breathing in when the trachea or larynx is obstructed .
The nonmotile female sex cell of the malarial parasite ( Plasmodium ) and other single - celled animals ( see Protozoa ) .
The nonprenant uterus is a pear - shaped organ , about 7.5 cm long .
The nore posterior of the two are the greater vestibular glands ( Bartholin 's glands ) .
The normal ability to localize touch is called topognosis .
The normal condition in cells or individuals , in which each cell has a chromosome set consisting of homologous pairs , which allows cell division to occur in a normal manner .
The normal course of development ( see psychosexual development ) can be altered by fixation at one level and by regression .
The normal dietary requirement of calcium is about 1g per day : dairy products ( milk and cheese ) are the principal sources .
The normal duration of discharge varies from three to seven days .
The normal flexor response is a bunching and downward movement of the toes .
The normal forward inclination of the worm .
The normal level of fibrinogen in plasma is 2 - 4g / l .
The normal position of the heart , in which its apex is directed towards the left .
The normal range varies with age , but a young adult would be expected to have a systolic pressure of around 120mm and a diastolic pressure of 80mm .
The normal record produced by such an instrument ( ballistocardio - gram ) may be altered by disease of the heart or aortic valve ( see aortic regurgitation , aortic stenosis ) .
The normal state of partial contraction of a resting muscle , maintained by reflex activity .
The normal state of slight contraction , or readiness to contract , of healthy muscle fibres .
The normally shiny and slippery pleural surfaces lose their sheen and become slightly sticky , so that there is pain on deep breathing and characteristic " rub " can be heard through a stethosope .
The nose for example , may become adapted to the stimulus of an odour that is continuously present so that in time it ceases to report its presence .
The nose may enlarge ( see rhinophyma ) .
The nucleolus contains RNA for the synthesis of ribosomes and plays an important part in RNA and protein synthesis .
The nucleus also contains RNA , most of which is located in the nucleolus .
The nucleus is separated from the cytoplasm by a double membrane , the nuclear envelope .
The nucleus of a mature oocyte , prior to fertilization .
The nucleus of each human somatic cell contains 46 chromosomes , 23 being of maternal and 23 of paternal origin ( see illustration ) .
The nucleus of either the ovum or spermatozoon after fertilization but before they fusion of nuclear material .
The number of cases of a specified disease discharged from hospitals related to the population of the catchment area ,usually expressed regionally per 10,000 
The number of deaths due to complications of pregnancy , childbirth , and the puerperium expressed as a proportion of all births ( i . e . including stillbirths ) .
The number of deaths of infants under one year of age per 1000 live births in a given year .
The number of fatalities from a specified disease in a given period per 100 episodes of the disease arising in the same period .
The number of hospital beds occupied by patients expressed as a percentage of the total beds available in the ward , specialty , hospital , area , or region .
The number of live births occurring in a year per 1000 women of child - bearing age ( usually 15 to 44 years of age ) .
The number of such births expressed per 1000 births ( live and still ) is known as the stillbirth rate .
The numbered areas ( 1 - 47 ) into which a map of the cerebral cortex may conveniently be divided for descriptive purposes , based upon the arrangement of neurones seen in stained sections under the microscope .
The numbers of different blood cells in a known volume of blood , usually expressed as the number of cells per litre .
The numbers of the various blood cells present are then counted visually , through a microscope .
The oath taken by a doctor that binds to observe the code of behaviour and practice followed by the Greek physician Hippocrates ( 460 - 370 BC ) , called the " Father of Medicine " , and the students of the medical school in Cos where he taught .
The observable characteristics of an individual , which result from interaction between the genes of possesses ( genotype ) and the environment .
The obsession may be a vivid image , a thought , a fear ( for example , of contamination ) , or an impulse ( for example , to wash the hands repetitively ) .
The obstruction , which may be congenital or acquired , is usually present in the mid - portion or tail of the epididymis .
The obstruction usually occurs at the junction of the renal pelvis and the ureter , causing the kidney to become distended with accumulated urine ( see hydronephrosis ) .
The occipital portion , at the base of the skull , draws the scalp backwards .
The occlusal extension of a denture base to allow the recording of jaw relations in the construction of dentures .
The occurrence of marked swings of mood from cheerfulness to misery .
The occurrence of pleural mesothelioma has a strong association with exposure to asbestos dust ( see asbestosis ) , and workers in the asbestos industry who develop such tumours are entitled to industrial compensation .
The occurrence of repeated epileptic fits without any recovery of consciousness between them .
The occurrence of several boils ( furuncles ) at the same time .
The occurrence of something in an unnatural location ( see ectopic beat , ectopic pregnancy ) .
The occurrence of sudden severe pain in certain diseases .
The official who presides at an inquest .
The offspring of a cross between two genetically unlike individuals .
The oily substance secreted by the sebaceous glands and reaching the skin surface through small ducts that lead into the hair follicles .
The once fashionable " water cures " taken at spas , certainly had a more psychological than physical effect .
The only helpful effect of drugs is to reduce sexual drive generally .
The only loss of contact with reality is in areas affected by the delusions and hallucinations .
The only treatment is bed rest and the application of calamine lotion to the spots to discourage scratching .
The onset may be sudden , brought on by an awkward lifting or twisting movement .
The oocyte develops inside the follicle , attached to one side .
The ookinete bores through the lining of the mosquito 's stomach and attaches itself to the outer wall , where it later forms an oocyst .
The opening at the lower end of the alimentary canal , through which the faeces are discharged .
The opening at the upper end of the stomach that connects with the oesophagus ( gullet ) .
The opening leading from the mouth into the pharynx .
The opening on the surface of the gum of a chronic abscess associated with the roots of a tooth .
The opening that forms as a results of invagination of the surface layer of the early embryo ( gastrula ) .
The openings of the parotid ducts ( Stensen 's ducts ) are on the inner sides of the cheeks , opposite the second upper molar teeth .
The operation can be performed in one stage , although two stages are usual in the reconstruction of a posterior urethral stricture ( see urethrostomy ) .
The operation can be performed through the bladder ( transvesical prostatectomy ) or through the surrounding capsule of the prostate ( retropublic prostatectomy ) .
The operation entails the insertion of a flap or patch of skin from the scrotum or perineum into the urethra at the site of the stricture , which is laid widely open .
The operation has now fallen into disuse .
The operation involving both tubes is a permanent and completely effective method of contraception ( see sterilization ) since it prevents the egg cells passing from the ovaries to the womb .
The operation is done to examine the abdominal organs as a help to diagnosis ; for example , to establish the spread of a growth ( explomatory laparotomy ) or as a prelude to major surgery .
The operation is most commonly performed if the womb contains large fibroids .
The operation is necessary to relieve of urine due to enlargement of the prostate or to cure the symptoms of frequency and poor urinary flow due to the same cause .
The operation is performed if the bladder has to be removed or bypassed ; for example , because of cancer .
The operation is performed to reduce pain and disability in an arthritic joint , for cases in which conservative treatment has failed .
The operation is performed to remove tumours , to treat injuries to the spine , such as prolapsed intervertebral ( slipped ) disc ( in which the affected disc is removed ) , or to relieve pressure on a spinal nerve .
The operation is sometimes carried out to treat infection of the paranasal sinuses .
The operation is usually performed in association with colostomy ; or to allow the colon to rest and heal in cases of colitis ; or following injury or surgery to the colon .
The operation is usually performed only for second or third degree haemorrhoids .
The operation is usually referred to as an antireflux procedure or simply reimplantation of ureter .
The operation may be conducted by opening the skull or by inserting special needles that produce a very low temperature ( see cryosurgery ) .
The operation may be performed using an electrical current or by heat , cold , or mechanical techniques .
The operation may involve repair of the vaginal wall .
The operation most commonly performed is leucotomy , but cingulectomy and amygdalectomy are sometimes also used .
The operation of creating an artificial opening between the bladder and the anterior abdominal wall .
The operation of creating an opening of the urethra in the perineum in men .
The operation of crushing a stone in the bladder , using an instrument called a lithotrite .
The operation of cutting a strictute in the urethra .
The operation of cutting the ampulla of Vater to widen its outlet in order to improve bile drainage and allow the passage of stones from the common bile duct .
The operation of implanting the ureters into the sigmoid colon .
The operation of joining the vas deferens to the epididymis in a side - to - side manner in order to bypass an obstruction to the passage of sperm from the testis .
The operation of making an incision in the eyeball .
The operation of mobilizing an undescended testis in the groin and fixing it in the scrotum .
The operation of orchidopexy is necessary to bring the testes into the scrotum before puberty to allow subsequent normal development .
The operation should be performed well before puberty to allow the testis every chance of normal development ( see cryptorchidism ) .
The operations are performed for tumours in the grand or because of chronic or relapsing pancreatitis .
The operative approach depends upon the position of the stone within the ureter .
The operator should aim to produce roughly 20 cycles of respiration per minute , or more for a younger victim .
The opposing surfaces of bone are lined with cartilaginous , fibrous , or soft ( synovial ) tissue .
The optic papilla is an alternative name for the optic disc .
The optic tracts resulting from the junction pass backwards to the occipital lobes .
The orbicularis oculi , around each orbit , is responsible for closing the eye .
The orbicularis oris , around the mouth , closes and compresses the lips .
The organ of Corti , which lies within a central triangular membrane bound canal ( scala media or cochlear duct ) , contains sensory hair cells attached to an overlying tectorial membrane ( see illustration ) .
The organ of Corti is situated on the basilar membrane , inside the scala media .
The organ of olfaction , which also acts as an air passage that warms , moistens , and filters the air on its way to the lungs .
The organ of sight : a three layered roughly spherical structure specialized for receiving and responding to light ( see illustration ) .
The organ responsible for the production of vocal sound , also serving as an air passage conveying air from the pharynx to the lungs .
The organic acids in bile , mostly occurring as bile salts ( sodium glycocholate and sodium taurocholate ) .
The organisms appear to resemble bacteria but are of similar size to viruses and all are obligate parasites .
The organisms causing diarrhoea and dysentery can be conveyed to food on the bodies of flies .
The organs within the body cavities , especially the organs of the abdominal cavities ( stomach , intestines , etc . ) .
The origin of any structure , i . e . the point at which it diverges from another structure .
The original device worked by blowing and sucking a mouthpiece .
The original quarantine was a period of 40 days , but different diseases now have different quarantine periods .
The osmotic pressure of a solution is the pressure by which water is draw into it through the semipermeable membrane .
The osmotic pressure of the solution in the same as that of blood serum .
The osteoblasts become enclosed within the matrix as osteocytes ( bone cells ) .
The ostium abdominale is the opening of the Fallopian tube into the abdominal cavity .
The other end is attached to a section of cartilage ( see costal cartilage ) .
The other main group of antidepressants are the MAO inhibitors , which have more severe side - effects .
The other major constituent is sodium chloride .
The other pair are the lesser vestibular glands .
The other three layers are continually renewed as cells from the germinative layer are gradually pushed outwards and become progressively impregnated with keratin ( see keratinization ) .
The outer and shorter bone of the forearm ( compare ulna ) .
The outer bone of the tarsus , which articulates with the fourth and fifth metatarsal bones in front and with the calcaneus ( heel bone ) behind .
The outer coat of the wall of a vein or artery .
The outer covering of the body , consisting of an outer layer , the epidermis , and an inner layer , the dermis ( see illustration ) .
The outer covering of various other organs of parts .
The outer curved fleshy ridge of the pinna of the outer ear .
The outer fibrous pericardium completely encloses the heart and is attached to the large blood vessels emerging from the heart .
The outer layer of a bone is called the periosteum .
The outer layer of cytoplasm in cells , which is denser than the inner cytoplasm ( endoplasm ) and concerned with activities such as cell movement .
The outer layer of the periosteum is extremely dense and contains a large number of blood vessels .
The outer layer of the skin , which is divided into four layers ( see illustration ) .
The outer margin of the iris is attached to the ciliary body .
The outer of the three germ layers of the early embryo .
The outer part of an organ , situated immediately beneath its capsule or outer membrane .
The outer part of the retina , next to the choroid , is pigmented to prevent the passage of light .
The outer sheath of connective tissue that encloses the bundles of fibres that make up a nerve .
The outer wall of the cerebral hemisphere as it appears in the early stages of evolution of the mammalian brain .
The outermost layer - the dura mater ( pachymeninx ) - is inelastic , tough , and thicker than the middle layer ( the arachnoid mater ) and the innermost layer ( the pia matter ) .
The outermost layer ( stratum corneum ) consists of dead cells whose cytoplasm has been entirely replaced by keratin .
The outermost layer of the heart wall , enveloping the myocardium .
The output of stomach acid is not usually increased .
The ova are mixed with sperm in a culture medium and incubated until the blastocyst forms .
The oval body is covered with threadlike cilia ( for locomotion ) .
The ovarian end opens into the abdominal cavity via a funnel - shaped structure with finger - like projections ( fimbriae ) surrounding the opening .
The overall pattern decides whether an individual nerve cell is activated to transmit a message or not .
The overgrowth is benign but malignancy may occur in any of the constituent tissue elements .
The ovum is fertilized near the ovarian end of the tube .
The oxygen required to get rid of the breakdown products ( called the oxygen deficit ) must be made available after the exertion stops .
The oxygenated blood can then the pumped around the body via the systemic circulation .
The oxygenated blood then passes into small veins leading to the pulmonary veins , which leave the lungs and return blood to the left atrium of the heart .
The pacemaker of the heart : a microscopic area of specialized cardiac muscle located in the upper wall of the right atrium near the entry of the vena cava .
The packed cell volume is determined by centrifuging blood in a tube and measuring the height of the red cell column as a fraction of the total .
The pain , which is very severe , is usually felt in the upper abdomen ( in the mid - line or to the right ) .
The pain in inflammation is thought to be due to the release of chemicals from damaged cells .
The pain is burning in nature and is relieved by curing the underlying cause .
The pain is due to spasm of the muscles of the intestine and not to inflammation of the diverticula ( compare diverticulitis ) .
The pain is felt in the loin and can be caused by a variety of kidney complaints .
The pain may not be due to a primary condition of the testicle itself .
The pain usually subsides spontaneously , but impotence often results .
The paired first and second ventricles ( lateral ventricles ) , one in each cerebral hemisphere , communicate with the third ventricle in the midline between them .
The paired sac that holds the testes and epididymides outside the abdominal cavity .
The palm of the hand , the fleshy prominent part of the hand at the base of the thumb .
The pancreas often becomes calcified , producing visible shadowing on X - rays .
The paranasal sinuses open into these meatuses .
The parasite , present in red blood cells and cells of the lymphatic system , is transmitted to man by sandflies .
The parasite , transmitted to man by sandflies , invades the cells of the lymphatic system , spleen , and bone marrow .
The parasite , which may spend all or only part of its existence with the host , obtains food and shelter from the host and contributes nothing to its welfare .
The parasite assumes a different form in each of its two hosts .
The parasite can also develop in pigs and rats .
The parasite grows and divides many times to form a schizont , which contains many merozoites .
The parasite has two intermediate hosts ; a fresh - water crustacean and a fish ( see also plerocercoid ) .
The parasite invades and destroys the intestinal wall , causing ulceration and necrosis , and the patient may experience diarrhoea and dysentery .
The parasite is spread by food or water contaminated by infected faeces .
The parasite undergoes its asexual development ( see schizogony ) in man and completes the sexual phase of its development ( see sporogony ) in the stomach and digestive glands of a bloodsucking Anopheles mosquito .
The parasites are transmitted to man through the bite of tsetse flies .
The parasites emerge from their cysts when are eaten by a new host .
The parasitic larvae of O . ovis , the sheep nostril fly , may occasionally and accidentally infect man .
The parasitic maggots normally live in the alimentary canal of horses but , rarely , can also infect man and cause an inflammed itching eruption of the skin ( see creeping eruption ) .
The parasitic maggots of D . hominis can cause a serious disease of the skin in man ( see myiasis ) .
The parasitic spcies L . icterohaemorrhagiae is the main causative agent of leptospirosis ( Weil 's disease ) , but many closely related species cause similar symptoms .
The parasternal line is an imaginary vertical line parallel to and midway between the lateral margin of the sternum and the vertical line through the nipple .
The parietal paritoneum lines the walls of the abdomen , and the visceral peritoneum covers the abdominal organs .
The part above the skin consists of three layers : an outer cuticle ; a cortex , forming the bulk of the hair and containing the pigment that gives the hair its colour ; and a central core ( medulla ) , which may be hollow .
The part below the diaphragm is the abdominal aorta .
The part of a cell that contains the genetic material DNA .
The part of a cell that is outside the nucleus .
The part of a chromosome that joints the two chromatids to each other and becomes attached to the spindle during mitosis and meiosis .
The part of a kidney tubule that forms a loop extending towards the centre of the kidney .
The part of a nephron comprising the blood capillaries of the glomerulus and its surrounding Bowman 's capsule .
The part of a tooth normally visible in the mouth and usually covered by enamel .
The part of a trophoblast that retains its cellular structure and does not invade the maternal tissues .
The part of an optical instrument , such as a microscope , that is nearest to the eye of the examiner .
The part of food that cannot be digested and absorbed to produce energy .
The part of the air passage between the larynx and the main bronchi , i . e . from just below the Adam 's apple , passing behind the notch of the sternum ( breastbone ) to behind the angle of the sternum .
The part of the alimentary canal that extends from the stomach to the anus .
The part of the basal ganglia in the cerebral hemispheres of the brain consisting of the caudate nucleus and the lentiform nucleus .
The part of the body cavity below the chest ( see thorax ) , from which it is separated by the diaphragm .
The part of the body that contains the brain and the organs of sight , hearing , smell , and taste .
The part of the brain comprising the cerebellum , pons , and medulla oblongata .
The part of the brainstem that links the medulla oblongata and the thalamus , bulging forwards in front of the cerebellum , from which it is separated by the fourth ventricle .
The part of the descending aorta from the aortic arch to the diaphragm is called the thoracic aorta .
The part of the ear that consists of an air - filled space within the petrous part of the temporal bone .
The part of the ethmoid forming the roof of the nasal cavity - the cribriform plate - is pierced with many small holes through which the olfactory nerves pass .
The part of the eye that connects the choroid with the iris .
The part of the eye that regulates the amount of light that enters .
The part of the female reproductive tract that is specialized to allow the embryo to become implanted in its inner wall and to nourish the growing fetus from the maternal blood .
The part of the foot that extends behind the ankle joint , formed by the heel bone ( see calcaneus ) .
The part of the heart that regulates the rate at which it beats : the sinoatrial node .
The part of the infant 's body that appears first at the opening form the neck of the womb during childbirth , as perceived on inserting the finger into the vagina .
The part of the iris that surrounds the pupil of the eye .
The part of the nervous system responsible for the control of bodily functions that are not consciously directed , including regular beating of the heart , intestinal movements , sweating , salivation , etc .
The part of the oesophagus , about 2 cm long , that extends from the level of the diaphragm to the stomach .
The part of the pharynx that lies above the soft palate .
The part of the pharynx that lies below the hyoid bone .
The part of the pharynx that lies between the soft palate and the hyoid bone ( which is situated near the upper portion of the epiglottis ) .
The part of the skeleton that encloses the brain .
The part of the skull that encloses the brain .
The part of the skull that is derived from the pharyngeal arches , i . e . the mandible .
The part of the stomach adjoining the pylorus ( pyloric antrum ) .
The part of the upper or lower jawbone that supports the roots of the teeth ( see also mandible , maxilla ) .
The parts most commonly affected are the legs but the scrotum , breasts , and vulva may also be involved .
The parts of the brain , collectively , that in early stages of evolution were concerned mainly with the sense of smell .
The passage of a liquid through a membrane , especially of blood through the wall of a capillary vessel .
The passage of a nerve impulse is a rapid wave of depolarization along the membrane of a nerve fibre .
The passage of a solvent from a less concentrated to a more concentrated solution through a semipermeable membrane .
The passage of abnormally increased amounts of fat in the faeces ( more than 5 g / day ) due to reduced absorption of fat by the intestine ( see malabsorption ) .
The passage of air into and out of the respiratory tract .
The passage of electric currents through the body 's tissues to stimulate the functioning of nerves and the muscles that they supply .
The passage of excessive nitrogen in the faeces due to failure of digestion or absorption in the small intestine .
The passage of fluid through a tissue , especially the passage of blood through the lung tissue to pick up oxygen from the air in the alveoli , which is brought there by ventilation , and release carbon dioxide .
The passage of gravel from the kidneys is usually associated with severe pain ( ureteric colic ) and may cause blood in the urine .
The passage of small stones or gravel in the urine .
The passage of the infant through the vagina is assisted by contractions of the abdominal muscles and conscious pushing by the mother .
The passage of urine through the rectum .
The patella and certain bones in the hand and foot are sesamoid bones .
The patient becomes light - headed , sweats , and may develop impaired consciousness .
The patient becomes short of oxygen ( see cyanosis ) .
The patient breathes a small quantity of the gas , the arrival of which in different parts of the lungs is recorded by means of a gamma camera .
The patient can be woken easily and is immediately alert .
The patient can usually inhale air into the lungs , but exhalation may require visible mascular effort and is accompanied by expiratory noises that are clearly audible ( see wheeze ) or detectable with a stethoscope .
The patient characteristically has chest tightness and wheeze after the weekend break , which wears off during the working week .
The patient commonly feels depressed and guilty after rumination .
The patient complains of severe chest pain that has a tearing quality and often spreads to the back or abdomen .
The patient complains of severe headache , and blindness may result from thrombosis of the arteries to the eyes .
The patient experiences a " heart attack " : sudden severe chest pain , which may spread to the arms and throat .
The patient experiences an intense desire to pass urine frequently .
The patient experiences breathlessness , chest discomfort and develops acute heart failure .
The patient experiences breathlessness , even when lying flat , and oedema of the legs .
The patient experiences pain in the loins , shivering , and a high temperature .
The patient has a cold sweaty pallid skin , a weak rapid pulse , irregular breathing , dry mouth , dilated pupils , and a reduced flow of urine .
The patient has an expressionless face , an unmodulated voice , and an increasing tendency to stoop ( a shuffling run is needed to maintain balance ) .
The patient has difficulty in relaxing a movement ( e . g . his grip ) after any vigorous effort .
The patient has great difficulty in swallowing and surgical incision of the abscess may be necessary to release the collection of pus .
The patient has increasing difficulty in passing urine and may develop retention .
The patient has pain in the loins , fever , and fits if shivering .
The patient is given drugs to relieve the pain and fever .
The patient is given drugs to relieve the pain and reduce the fever .
The patient is ill , with a high temperature .
The patient is in severe pain and often in shock .
The patient is infectious from the onset of symptoms until all the spots have gone .
The patient is infectious throughout this period .
The patient is laid on his back with the pelvis higher than the head , inclined at an angle of about 45o .
The patient is placed flat , with legs elevated , and given oxygen .
The patient is treated with extremely small quantities of drugs that are themselves capable of producing symptoms of his particular disease .
The patient is weaned off the " hard " drug to which he has become addicted by the gradual substitution of a nonaddictive drug with a similar or a sedative effect .
The patient looks steadily with one eye at a target in the centre of a black screen two metres away .
The patient looks steadity at a target in the centre of the inner surface of the hemisphere .
The patient may also involuntarily repeat the words or imitate the actions of others ( see palilalia ) .
The patient may be infectious throughout this period .
The patient may be unaware of their presence or may feel that his heart has " missed a beat " .
The patient may complain of tiredness due to anaemia and of bone pain and may develop pathological fractures .
The patient may experience prolonged bleeding following any injury or wound , and in severe cases there is spontaneous bleeding into muscles and joints .
The patient may show raised intracranial pressure and diabetes insipidus due to reduced secretion of the hormone vasopressin .
The patient remains conscious throughout .
The patient remains infectious until all scabs have been shed .
The patient should avoid cold air or fog and smoking .
The patient should drink large quantities of milk or water or white of egg .
The patient should rest his voice and remain in a warm moisture - laden atmosphere ; steam inhalations for 15 - 20 minutes every 2 - 3 hours are traditionally beneficial .
The patient staggers when walking , he cannot pronounce words properly and has nystagmus .
The patient usually has partial immunity to the disease , but since the infecting organisms ( pathogens ) are of normal virulence , nonimmune contacts can be affected with the full manifestations of the illness .
The patient usually recovers with no after - effects in one to three weeks .
The patient usually shows evidence of multiple enlarged lymph nodes and may have constitutional symptoms such as weight loss , fever , and sweating .
The patients are encouraged to understand and analyse their own and one another 's problems .
The patient 's attempts are bizarre and careful examination reveals contradictory features .
The patient 's position should be changed frequently , and the buttocks , heels , elbows , and other regions at risk kept dry and clear .
The patient 's symptoms are those of syringomyelia .
The patient 's transference feelings may be of love or of hatred , but they are inappropriate to the actual person of the therapist .
The pattern of sexuality in which sexual behaviour and thinking are directed towards people of the opposite sex .
The pattern of the EEG reflects the state of the patient 's brain and his level of consciousness in a characteristic manner .
The pectoralis major is a large fan - shaped muscle that works over the shoulder joint , drawing the arm forward across the chest and rotating it medially .
The penis curves or angulates at this point on erection and pain often results .
The penis is composed largely of erectile tissue .
The period between two contractions of the heart , when the muscle of the heart relaxes and allows the chambers to fill with blood .
The period during which a fertilized egg cell develops into a baby that is ready to be delivered .
The period during which a woman carries a developing fetus .
The period for which a person ( or animal ) is kept in isolation to prevent the spread of a contagious disease .
The period in the cardiac cycle just preceding systole .
The period of infectivity is confined to the shortened duration of the illness ( in contrast to a carrier , in whom the pathogen is present without necessarily causing any ill effect ) .
The period of the cardiac cycle during which the heart contracts .
The period of up to about six weeks after childbirth ; during which the size of the womb decreases to normal .
The period when a cell is not under going division ( mitosis ) , during which activities such as DNA synthesis occur .
The periodic discharge of urine from the bladder through the urethra .
The periodic sequence of events in sexually mature nonpregnant women by which an egg cell ( ovum ) is released from the ovary at four - weekly intervals until the change of life ( see menopause ) .
The periosteum provides attachment for muscles , tendons , and ligaments .
The peritoneum of the abdomen , pleura of the chest , and pericardium of the heart are all serous membranes .
The permanent dentition consists of up to 32 teeth , made up of incisors , canines , premolars , and molars .
The peroneus longus and peroneus brevis are situated at the side of the leg and inserted into the metatarsal bones of the foot .
The persence of blood and air in the pleural cavity , usually as a result of injury .
The petrous part contributes to the base of the skull and contains the middle and inner ears .
The phage grows and replicates in the bacterial cell , which is eventually destroyed with the release of new phages .
The pharynx acts as a passageway for food from the mouth to the oesophagus , and as an air passage from the nasal cavity and mouth to the larynx .
The phenomena of sensitization are due to the production of antibodies .
The phenomenon in which a sense organ shows a gradually diminishing response to continuous or repetitive stimulation .
The phenomenon in which an individual has a character or disease known to have occurred in a remote ancestor but not in his parents .
The phenomenon may be caused by drugs or poisons or be associated with disease .
The phenomenon may be due simply to excessive liquid intake or to disease , particularly diabetes mellitus , diabetes insipidus , and kidney disorders .
The phrase is sometimes used specifically for a sequence of stages , supposed by psychoanalytic psychologists to be universal , in which oral , anal , phallic , latency , and genital stages successively occur .
The physical and psychological effects produced by the habitual taking of certain drugs , characterized by a compulsion to continue taking drug .
The physical characteristics that develop after puberty as a result of sexual maturation .
The physical or chemical treatment of blood to abolish the structure of the red cells and thus form a homogeneous solution .
The physiological process by which the internal systems of the body ( e . g . blood pressure , body temperature , acid - base balance ) are maintained at equilibrium , despite variations in the external conditions .
The physiological process of regulating or adjusting body temperature .
The physiological tremor is a feature of the normal mechanism for maintaining posture .
The picture produced is called a thermogram .
The pigment melanin occurs in the skin and in the iris the eye .
The Pill : a preparation , consisting of one or more synthetic female sex conception .
The pimples spread from the trunk to the face , scalp , and limbs .
The pink colour is produced by blood in underlying blood vessels , which are normally masked by pigment .
The pinna and the external auditory meatus of the ear .
The pituitary fossa is the hollow in the sphenoid bone in which the pituitary gland is situated .
The place where the roots fork on a multirooted tooth .
The placenta , umbilical cord , and ruptured membranes associated with the fetus , which normally become detached from the womb and expelled within a few hours of birth .
The placing of a substance ( e . g . a drug ) or an object ( e . g . an articial pacemaker ) within tissue .
The plant Conium maculatum , found in Britain and central Europe .
The plasma is drawn off the top of the blood , and the blood cells are then transfused back into the patient .
The plastic surgery of muscle , in which part of a muscle is partly detached and used to repair tissue defects or deformities in the vicinity of the muscle .
The pleomorphic and alveolar types respond poorly to treatment ; botryoid tumours are treated with a combination of radiotherapy , surgery , and drugs .
The point at which a nerve or blood vessel branches from a main nerve or blood vessel .
The point at which rays of light converge after passing through a lens .
The point at which two or more bones are connected .
The point of contact of one neurone with another is known as a synapse .
The point of the angle of the lower jawbone .
The point on the abdomen that overlies the anatomical position of the appendix and is the site of maximum tenderness in acute appendicitis .
The point on the bridge of the nose at the centre of the suture between the nasal and frontal bones .
The point on the side of the skull at which the sutures between the parietal , temporal , and sphenoid bones meet .
The point on the skull at which the lambdoidal and sagittal sutures meet .
The point on the top of the skull at which the coronal and sagittal sutures meet .
The poison is cumulative and causes liver and nerve damage and bone destruction .
The poisonous alkaloid derived from deadly nightshade , from which atropine and hyoscyamine are extracted .
The poisonous material produced by snakes , scorpions , spiders , and other animals for injection into their prey or enemies .
The pons and medulla are together known as the bulb , or bulbar area .
The pons and medulla contain the nuclei of many of the cranial nerves , which issue from their surfaces , and the reticular formation .
The portion of the central nervous system enclosed in the vertebral column , consisting of nerve cells and bundles of nerves connecting all parts of the body with the brain .
The position of a baby in the womb such that it is delivered buttocks first ( instead of the normal head - first position ) .
The position of the body in which the head , neck , and spine are arched backwards .
The posterior fontanelle occurs where the sagittal and lambdoidal sutures meet ( see illustration ) .
The posterior lobe ( neurohypophysis ) secretes vasopressin and oxytocin , which are synthesized in the hypothalamus and transported to the pituitary , where they are stored before release .
The posterior lobe of the pituitary gland .
The practice of using nonsurgical methods , particularly eye exercises , to treat abnormalities of vision and of coordination of eye movements ( most commonly strabimus ( squint ) and amblyopia ) .
The preadult or immature stage hatching from the egg of some animal groups , e . g . inserts and nematodes , which may be markedly different from the sexually mature adult and have a totally different way of life .
The precipitin reaction is therefore a useful means of confirming the identity of an unknown antigen or establishing that a serum contains may be performed in watery solution or in a semisolid medium such as agar gel .
The precursor cell from which lymphocytes are derived has not yet been identified .
The predisposition of a nerve cells to move towards the source of its stimuli during development .
The preparation and dispensing of drugs .
The presence in the blood of abnormally high concentrations of lipoproteins .
The presence in the blood of abnormally low concentration of carbon dioxide .
The presence in the blood of abnormally shaped red cells ( spherocytes ) .
The presence in the blood of an abnormal form of immunoglobulin - M ( see macroglobulin ) , produced by a tumour of the lymphocytes .
The presence in the blood of an abnormally high concentration of calcium .
The presence in the blood of an abnormally high concentration of carbon dioxide .
The presence in the blood of an abnormally high concentration of chloride .
The presence in the blood of an abnormally high concentration of fats .
The presence in the blood of an abnormally high concentration of potassium .
The presence in the blood of an abnormally high concentration of sodium .
The presence in the blood of an abnormally high concentration of uric acid .
The presence in the blood of an abnormally large amount of fat , such as cholesterol .
The presence in the blood of an abnormally low concentration of calcium .
The presence in the blood of an abnormally low concentration of chloride .
The presence in the blood of an abnormally low concentration of oxygen , usually as a result of inadequate uptake of oxygen in the lungs because of lung disease .
The presence in the blood of an abnormally low concentration of sodium : occurs in dehydration .
The presence in the blood of ketone bodies .
The presence in the blood of more than the normal proportion of water .
The presence in the blood of sodium urate and other urates , formed by the reaction of uric acid with bases .
The presence in the blood of the nucleated precursors of the red blood cells ( erythroblasts ) .
The presence in the blood of the yellow pigment carotene , from excessive intake of carrots , tomatoes , or other vegetables containing the pigment .
The presence in the blood of virus particles .
The presence in the serum of an abnormal gamma globulin , usually IgG ( an immunoglobulin ; see paraprotein ) .
The presence in the urine of an abnormally high concentration of urin acid .
The presence in the urine of an abnormally high concentration of calcium .
The presence in the urine of an abnormally high concentration of indican .
The presence in the urine of an abnormally high concentration of nitrogen - containing compounds , especially urea .
The presence in the urine of breakdown products of the red blood pigment haemoglobin ( porphyrins ) , sometimes causing discoloration .
The presence in the urine of bubbles of air or others gas , due to the formation of gas by bacteria infecting the urinary tract or to an abnormal connection ( fistula ) between the urinary tract and bowel .
The presence in the urine of free haemoglobin .
The presence in the urine of globulins .
The presence in the urine of ketone ( acetone ) bodies .
The presence in the urine of oxalic acid or oxalates , especially calcium oxalate .
The presence in the urine of peptones , intermediate compounds formed during the digestion of proteins .
The presence in the urine of the pigment myoglobin .
The presence in the urine of urates ( salts of uric acid ) .
The presence of a worms in the intestine may occasionally give rise to increased appetite , hunger pains , weakness , and weight loss .
The presence of abnormally large accummulations of fat in the body .
The presence of abnormally large red cells ( macrocytes ) in the blood .
The presence of abnormally low levels of potassium in the blood : occurs in dehydration .
The presence of abnormally shaped red cells ( poikilocytes ) in the blood .
The presence of abnormally small red cells ( microcytes ) in the blood .
The presence of adult flukes may provoke symptoms of abdominal pain and diarrhoea .
The presence of air - filled cavities in bone , such as the sinuses of the skull .
The presence of air and clear fluid within the pericardial sac around the heart , which is most commonly due to entry of air during pericardiocentesis ( see hydropericardium ) .
The presence of air does not affect the management of the patient .
The presence of air within the membranous sac surrounding the heart .
The presence of air within the skull , usually resulting from a fracture passing through one of the air sinuses .
The presence of an abnormally high concentration of phosphates in the urine , making it cloudy .
The presence of an abnormally large amount of amniotic fluid surrounding the fetus from about the fifth month of pregnancy .
The presence of an abnormally large amount of fat in the tissues .
The presence of an abnormally large number of lymphocytes in the cerebrospinal fluid , which bathes the brain and spinal cord .
The presence of animal parasites either on the skin ( for example ticks ) or inside the body ( for example tapeworms ) .
The presence of bacilli in the blood , resulting from infection .
The presence of bacilli in the urine , resulting from a bladder or kidney infection .
The presence of bacteria in the blood : a sign of infection .
The presence of bile in the urine , a feature of certain forms of jaundice .
The presence of blood in the peritoneal cavity , between the lining of the abdomen or pelvis and the membrane covering the organs within .
The presence of blood within the membranous sac ( pericardium ) surrounding the heart , which may result from injury , tumours , rupture of the heart ( e . g . following myocardial infarction ) , or a leaking aneurysm .
The presence of brown - black pigment in the skin , cartilage , and other tissues due to the abnormal accumulation of homogentisis acid that occurs in the metabolic disease alcaptonuria .
The presence of calcium deposits in the kidneys .
The presence of calcium phosphate crystals in joint cartilage , as seen by X - ray in pseudogout .
The presence of certain blue red blood cells ( erythrocytes ) seen in blood films stained with Romanowsky stains , as well as the normal pink cells .
The presence of cryoglobulins ( cryoglobulinaemia ) may be feature of a variety of diseases , including macroglobulinaemia , systemic lupus erythematosus and certain infections .
The presence of cysticerci in the muscles causes pain and weakness .
The presence of dark pigment in the urine .
The presence of either bacterial toxins or large numbers of bacteria in the bloodstream causing serious illness .
The presence of either dead or motionless spermatozoa in the semen .
The presence of excess blood in the vessels supplying a part of the body .
The presence of excessive amounts of urea and other nitrogenous waste compounds in the blood .
The presence of excessive amounts of urea in the sweat ; when the sweat dries , a white flaky deposit of urea may remain on the skin .
The presence of fat or oil droplets in the urine .
The presence of fluid and gas in the peritoneal cavity .
The presence of fructose ( levulose ) in the urine .
The presence of gas or air gives the affected tissues a characteristic crackling feeling to the touch , and it may be visible on X - rays .
The presence of glucose in the urine in abnormally large amounts .
The presence of hydatids in the brain may result in blindness and epilepsy , and the rupture of any cyst can cause severe allergic reactions including fever and urticaria .
The presence of less than the normal number of spermatozoa in the semen .
The presence of meconium in the amniotic fluid during labour indicates fetal distress .
The presence of membranous material of the kind lining the womb ( see endometrium ) at other sites within the cavity of the pelvis .
The presence of meningococci ( bacteria of the species Neisseria meningitidis ) in the bloodstream .
The presence of methaemoglobin in the blood ( methaemoglobinaemia ) may result from ingestion of oxidizing drugs or from an inherited abnormality of the haemoglobin molecule .
The presence of milk sugar ( lactose ) in the urine .
The presence of more than 10 % of the dose in the circulation after 45 minutes indicates that the liver is not functioning normally .
The presence of multiple calculi in the body .
The presence of multiple small fatty tumours in the skin , the eyes , and the internal organs due to an excess of fats in the blood ( hyperlipidaemia ) .
The presence of oxygen and other compounds with a high affinity for electrons will increase radiosensitivity .
The presence of phosphates in the blood .
The presence of pus in the urine , making it cloudy .
The presence of rhodopsin is essential for vision in dim light .
The presence of seriously antisocial or irresponsible behaviour in a person with mental subnormality .
The presence of serum albumin , serum globulin , or other serum proteins in the urine .
The presence of significant numbers of abnormal elliptical red cells ( elliptocytes ) in the blood .
The presence of spermatozoa in the urine .
The presence of starch can be detected using iodine : amylose gives a blue colour with iodine , and amylopectin a red colour .
The presence of stones in the kidney ( see calculus ) .
The presence of stones in the urinary bladder .
The presence of such a sign or symptom allows positive diagnosis of the disease .
The presence of suckers and hooks on the scolex enables the worm to attach itself to the wall of its host 's gut .
The presence of the larval stage of G . spinigerum in man , who is not the normal host , causes a skin condition called creeping eruption .
The presence of the maggots causes a serious myiasis .
The presence of the migrating larvae in the lungs can provoke pneumonia .
The presence of the mites causes severe irritation , which eventually leads to scabies .
The presence of the parasite in the heart muscles and central nervous system results in serious inflammation and lesions , which can prove fatal .
The presence of these parasites can irritate the skin ( see pediculosis ) , and in some parts of the world body lice are involved in transmitting relapsing fever and typhus .
The presence of these substances in the blood is a useful indication of the amount of tumour and the effect of treatment .
The presence of up to 2 % glucose is indicated by the formation of a reddish , yellowish , or greenish precipitate , the highest levels corresponding to the red coloration , the lowest ( about 0 , 05 % ) to the green .
The presence of xanthomata is usually accompanied by a raised blood cholesterol level .
The present policy is to train generic social workers , but there are special workers with medical and psychiatric training who are seconded for work in hospitals ( see medical social worker ) .
The preservation of a dead body by the introduction of chemical compounds that delay putrefaction .
The pressure can be read directly from a graduated scale .
The pressure is then slowly released and , with the aid of a stethoscope to listen to the pulse , it is possible to determine both the systolic and diastolic pressures ( which can be read on the scale ) .
The pressure of blood against the walls of the main arteries .
The pressure of tissue on a nerve may be relieved by incision .
The pressure recorded by the instrument reflects the pressure within the vessels of the retina .
The pressure within the eye will be reduced if this absorption adds significantly to the drainage of fluid from the eye .
The prevention or treatment of disease by the use of chemical substances .
The prevention or treatment of disease using agents that may modify the immune response .
The preventive measures associated with all these aspects of paediatrics are the concern of community physicians ( child health ) of area health authorities or community paediatricians ( hospital - based consultants ) .
The primary disease is in the heart or blood vessels and the effect on the brain is secondary .
The primary pulmonary form usually produces no symptoms or harmful effects and is recognized retrospectively by X - rays and positive histoplasmin skin testing .
The primary sex ratio , at the time of fertilization , is in theory 50 % male .
The primary symptom - a hard ulcer ( chancre ) at the site of infection - forms 2 - 4 weeks after exposure .
The primary teeth , which are shed just before eruption of their permanent successors .
The principal causes are rheumatic fever and virus infections .
The principal cell type in the liver : a large cell with many metabolic functions , including synthesis , storage , detoxification , and bile production .
The principal male sex hormone ( see androgen ) .
The principal methods of secretion - apocrine , holocrine , and merocrine - are illustrated in the diagram .
The principal site of an infection or other disease .
The principal source of these hormones is the testis ( production being stimulated by luteinizing hormone ) but they are also secreted by the adrenal cortex and ovaries in small amounts .
The principal species are B . abortus and B . melitensis .
The principal toxic effect is local bleeding , usually from the gums and other mucous membranes .
The principal toxin effect is on the kidneys .
The principle of dialysis is used in the artificial kidney ( see haemodialysis ) .
The problem often starts with a simple desire to lose weight , which then becomes an obsession .
The procedure by which the fitting surface of a denture is rebased to make it fit a jaw that has undergone resorption since the denture was originally made .
The procedure can also produce confusion , loss of memory , and headache , which almost always pass off within a few hours .
The procedure is often necessary for dentures that were fitted immediately after extraction of the teeth .
The procedure is sometimes carried out as psychosurgery for intractable mental illness .
The procedure is used in gastric lavage , when the stomach is filled with water through a funnel and rubber tube , and the tube is then bent downwards to act as a siphon and empty the stomach of its contents .
The procedure is usually without risk to the patient , but in patients with raised intracranial pressure it may be hazardous and the optic fundi must be examined for the presence of papilloedema .
The procedure of introducing a light oil into the pleural cavity so that the lung is allowed to collapse .
The procedure of making a normally movable part of the body , such as a joint , immovable .
The procedure of rebuilding a dentition that has been mutilated as a result of disease , wear , or trauma .
The procedure was used as a means of resting a lung infected with tuberculosis .
The procedure was used in the days before effective antituberculous drugs to help tuberculosis to heal .
The process , which is completed in 10 - 15 minutes , occurs after the microgametocytes have been transferred from man to the stomach of a mosquito .
The process by which a colloidal liquid changes to a jellylike mass .
The process by which a gland isolates constituents of the blood or tissue fluid and chemically alters them to produce a substance that it discharges for use by the body or excretes .
The process by which a phagocytic cell takes in solid material , such as bacteria .
The process by which an individual becomes more mature in his sexual feelings and behaviour .
The process by which an ovum is released from a mature Graafian follicle .
The process by which blood clots are removed from the circulation , involving digestion of the insoluble protein fibrin by the enzyme plasmin .
The process by which cells become horny due to the deposition of keratin within them .
The process by which DNA makes copies of itself when the cell divides .
The process by which food is taken into the alimentary canal .
The process by which food is transferred from the mouth to the oesophagus .
The process by which food substances are taken into the cells of the body after they have been digested and absorbed .
The process by which glucose and other substances , derived from carbohydrate in the diet , are converted to fatty acids in the body .
The process by which lipids , particularly triglycerides in fat , are broken down into their constituent fatty acids in the body by the enxyme lipase .
The process by which mature ova ( egg cells ) are produced in the ovary ( see illustration ) .
The process by which mature spermatozoa are produced in the testis ( see illustration ) .
The process by which opsonins render bacteria more attractive to phagocytes by attaching themselves to their outer surfaces and changing their physical and chemical composition .
The process by which spermatids become mature spermatozoa within the seminiferous tubules of the testis .
The process by with spermatozoa and ova are formed .
The process in embryonic development during which unspecialized cells or tissues become specialized for particular functions .
The process in which a tissue becomes swollen and tense by accumulation within it of fluid under pressure .
The process in which ingested food is broken down in the alimentary canal into a form that can be absorbed and assimilated by the tissue of the body .
The process in which myelin is laid down as an insulating layer around the axons of certain nerves .
The process in which the cell nucleus is thickened into a dense mass , which occurs when cells die .
The process in which the information contained in the genetic code is transferred from DNA to RNA : the first step in the manufacture of proteins in cells .
The process in which the membrane of a nerve cell returns to its normal electrically charged state after a nerve impulse has passed .
The process in which the outer layer of the epidermis of the skin is removed by scaling .
The process involves the production of a small amount of energy ( in the form of ATP ) , which is used for biochemical work .
The process is also sometimes used in physiological experiments on animals .
The process is inhibited by substances that interfere with cellular metabolism ( e . g . high doses of digitalis ) .
The process leading to developmental abnormalities in the fetus .
The process may be initiated by contact of blood with a foreign surface ( intrinsis system ) or with damaged tissue ( extrinsic system ) .
The process of attaining full development .
The process of blood platelet production .
The process of brushing or scraping the surface of a slowly healing ulcer or wound to stimulate healing .
The process of cell differentiation begins early in the development of the embryo and cells of a particular type ( e . g . blood cells , liver cells ) always give rise to cells of the same type .
The process of cleaning an open wound by removal of foreign material and dead tissue , so that healing may occur without hindrance .
The process of determining the nature of a disorder by considering the patients signs and symptoms , medical background , and when necessary results of laboratory tests and X - ray examinations .
The process of development of an egg or a culture of bacteria .
The process of digitalization may take several days .
The process of dissecting minute structures under the microscope .
The process of eliminating infective microorganisms from contaminated instruments , clothing , or surroundings by using physical means or chemicals ( disinfectants ) .
The process of examining part of the body by careful feeling with the hands and fingertips .
The process of fermentation , brought about by yeast organisms .
The process of fermentation or digestion by an enzyme .
The process of gaseous exchange between an organism and its environment .
The process of listening , usually with the aid of a stethoscope , to sounds produced by movement of gas or liquid within the body .
The process of making a series of shallow cuts or scratches in the skin to allow a substance to penetrate the body .
The process of production of blood cells and platelets which continues throughout life , replacing aged cells ( which are removed from the circulation ) .
The process of production of granulocytes which normally occurs in the blood - forming tissue of the bone marrow .
The process of recording the changes in the volume of a limb caused by alterations in blood pressure .
The process of red blood cell ( erythrocyte ) production , which normally occurs in the blood - forming tissue of the bone marrow .
The process of separating the broken ends of a bone when they have been forcibly driven together during a fracture .
The process of softening the lens of the eye before removing it in a method of surgery for cataract .
The process of staining a living tissue by injecting a stain into the organism .
The process of sweating , especially excessive sweating .
The process of the production of lympocytes , which occurs in the bone marrow as well as in the lymph nodes , spleen , thymus gland , and gut wall .
The process of the production of white blood cells ( leucocytes ) , which normally occurs in the blood - forming tissue of the bone marrow .
The process of thinking or of having imagery or ideas .
The process of washing out a wound or hollow organ with a continuous flow of water or medicated solution .
The process of wearing away solid bodies ( e . g . bones ) by friction or use .
The process on the ramus of the mandible to which the temporalis muscle is attached .
The process that causes the biological similarity between parents and their offspring .
The process usually starts spontaneously about 280 days after conception , but it may be started by artificial means ( see induction ) .
The process whereby an amino acid donates its terminal methyl ( - CH3 ) group for methylation of other compounds .
The process whereby blood is converted from a liquid to a solid state .
The process whereby complex protein molecules , obtained from the diet , are broken down by digestive enzymes in the stomach and small intestine into their constituent amino acids , which are then absorbed into the bloodstream . .
The process whereby damaged or degenerating nerve cells finally disintegrate and are removed by scavenger cells ( phagocytes ) .
The process whereby green plants and some bacteria manufacture carbohydrates from carbon dioxide and water , using energy absorbed from sunlight by the green pigment chlorophyll .
The process whereby proteins are decomposed by bacteria .
The process whereby the active principles are extracted from the plant material by steeping it in water that has been heated to boiling point ( as in the making of tea ) .
The process whereby toxic substances are removed or toxic effects neutralized .
The product thus formed fibrin monomer links up ( polymerizes ) with similar molecules to give a fibrous meshwork that forms the basis of a blood clot , which seals off the damages blood vessel .
The production of a restful state of mind , particularly by the use of drugs ( see sedative ) .
The production of a thin parallel - sided beam of radiation by means of adjustable splits placed at strategic points along the beam .
The production of an abnormally small amount of sweat relative to the environmental temperature , bodily activity , or other relevant circumstances .
The production of an abnormally small volume of urine .
The production of excess tears , crying .
The production of fibrous tissue , occurring normally during the healing of wounds .
The production of heat in a part of the body by means of a high frequency electric current passed between two electrodes placed on the patient 's skin .
The production of immunity by artificial means .
The production of large volumes of urine , which is dilute and of a pale colour .
The production of offspring by parents who are closely related ; for example , who are first cousins or siblings .
The production of offspring by parents who are not closely related .
The production of specific antibodies against antigens as diverse as invading bacteria , inhaled pollen grains , and foreign red blood cells is the basis of both immunity and allergy .
The production of sweat , sometimes containing blood , instead of the normal menstrual flow .
The production of vivid mental representations by the normal processes of thought .
The production of vocal sounds , particularly speech .
The products of conception : the developing infant and its enclosing membrane at all stages in the womb .
The profession of providing assistance and medical care to women undergoing labour and childbirth .
The profoundly subnormal ( with an IQ less than about 20 ) usually need constant attention .
The prognosis has been improved in recent years with drugs such as phenothiazines and vigorous psychological and social management and rehabilitation .
The progressive perceptive deafness that occurs with age .
The projection of cartilage in the pinna of the outer ear that extends back over the opening of the external auditory meatus .
The projection of the occipital bone that can be felt at the base of the skull .
The prominent features include the excretion of porphyrins and their derivatives in the urine , which may change colour on standing ( see porphobilinogen ) ; sensitivity of the skin to sunlight causing chronic inflammation or blistering ; inflammation of the nerves ( neuritis ) ; mental disturbances ; and attacks of abdominal pain .
The pronuclei are larger than the normal nucleus and have a diffuse appearance .
The properdin complex occurs naturally , rather than as the result of previous exposure to microorganisms , and its activity is not directed against any particular species .
The property of a dye of staining certain tissues or cells a colour that is different from that of the stain itself .
The property of the muscle of certain cells ( for example , those of tumours ) to stain more deeply than normal .
The property possessed by some naturally occurring substances ( such as cell membranes ) of doubly refracting a beam of light , i . e . of bending it in two different directions , .
The property processed by some substances of rotating the plane of polarization of polarized light .
The proportion of males to females in a population , usually expressed as the number of males per 100 females .
The prostate may become enlarged in elderly men .
The protein molecule is a complex structure made up of one or more chains of amino acids , which are linked by peptide bonds .
The protoplasm making up the nucleus of a cell .
The protrusion of a part or organ from a sheathlike covering or by aversion of its inner surface .
The protrusion of an organ or tissue out of the body cavity in which it normally lies .
The protuberance above a condoyle at the end of an articulating bone .
The protuberance at the centre of the breast .
The pseudocrisis is followed by a return to the fever .
The pseudopolyps may be seen with the sigmoidoscope or colonoscope ( through which they may be sampled for microscopic examination ) or by barium enema examination .
The psychiatrist P . Janet divided the neuroses into hysterias and psychasthenias .
The pulp consists of aggregates of lymphoid tissue ( white pulp ) within a meshwork of reticular fibres packed with red blood cells ( red pulp ) .
The pulse can be felt here as the femoral artery lies over the depression .
The puncture of a vein for any therapeutic purpose ; for example , to extract blood for laboratory tests .
The pupil contracts ( see pupillary reflex ) and the pigment in the rods is bleached .
The purified blood is then returned to the patient 's body through a vein .
The purpose of oral hygiene is to remove plaque .
The putrefactive destruction of tissues by disease causing bacteria or their toxins .
The quadratus femoris is a flat muscle at the head of the femur , responsible for lateral rotation of the thigh .
The radiation absorbed may be visible or invisible ( e . g . ultraviolet rays or X - rays ) .
The radiation given off by caesium 137 is employed in the technique of radiotherapy .
The radioactive isotope ( usually technetium - 131 ) emits gamma rays , which are recorded by the camera positioned over the kidneys .
The radioactive isotope radium - 224 , which emits alpha radiation and has several applications in radiotherapy .
The radioactive isotope strontium - 90 , which emits beta rays , is used in radiotherapy for the contact therapy of skin and eye tumours .
The radiological study of the kidneys by a gamma camera following the intravenous injection of a radioactive substance , which is concentrated and excreted by the kidneys .
The radius also articulates with a rounded protuberance ( capitulum ) close to the trochlea .
The raised outfolding on each side of a sulcus is termed a gyrus .
The rat flea , X . cheopis , occasionally attacks man and can transmit plague from an infected rat population .
The rat flea is also an intermediate host for the larval stage of two tapeworms Hymenolepis diminuta and H . nana .
The rate at which red blood cells ( erythrocytes ) settle out of suspension in blood plasma , measured under standardized conditions .
The rate at which solid particles sink in a liquid under the influence of gravity .
The rate is higher for married men and there is also increased payment for each dependent child .
The rate of flow can be adjusted according to the rate of drips seen an a transparent section of the tube , which also serves as a trap for bubbles .
The rate of movement of the different components depends upon their charge , so that they gradually separate into bands .
The ratio of the volume of carbon dioxide transferred from the blood into the alveoli to the volume of oxygen absorbed into the alveoli .
The reaction is catalyzed by enzymes ( see transaminase ) , which require pyridoxal phosphate as a coenzyme .
The reaction is due to the presence of antigenic material still in the circulation by the time that the body has started producing antibodies against it ; it is therefore a form of delayed hypersensitivity reaction .
The reaction of the skin to cold or fear .
The receptaculum ( or cisterna ) chyli is the dilated end of the thoracic duct , into which lymph vessels from the lower limbs and intestines drain .
The recommended daily intake for an adult is 1.7 mg .
The recommended daily intake is 1 mg for an adult .
The recommended daily intake is 10 g for a child up to five years and 2.5 g thereafter .
The recommended daily intake is 30 mg for an adult .
The recommended daily intake is 750 g retinol equivalents for an adult ( 1 g retinol equivalent = 1 g retinol or 6 g carotene ) .
The recommended daily intake of iron is 10 mg per day for men and 12 mg per day for women during their reproductive life .
The record ( a tracing ) obtained is called a spirogram .
The recording can be shown on a moving tape or on an electronic screen .
The rectum becomes distended with faeces and bowel movements are difficult or painful .
The rectus femoris forms part of the quadriceps .
The rectus muscles acting together serve to bend the trunk forwards ; acting separately they bend the body sideways .
The rectus muscles of the orbit are some of the extrinsic eye muscles .
The recurrence of boils in the skin over a period of weeks or months .
The red outside part of an urticarial wheal - the skin 's response in an allergic or hypersensitivity reaction ( see urticaria ) .
The red poultry mite , D . gallinae , is a common parasite of wild birds in temperate regions but can also infest poultry .
The redness of inflamed tissue is due to the increase in size of the small blood vessels in the area , which therefore contain more blood .
The reduction of pressure on an organ or part of the body by surgical intervention .
The reduction or loss of the normal response to a drug or other substance that usually provokes a reaction in the body .
The reflex action of ejecting the contents of the stomach through the mouth .
The reflex change in the size of the pupil according to the amount of light entering the eye .
The reflex contraction of a muscle in response to its being stretched .
The reflex maintenance of muscular tone for posture .
The region of the back and side of the body between the lowest rib and the pelvis .
The region of the body between the anus and the urethral opening , including both skin and underlying muscle .
The region of the body where the thigh bone ( femur ) articulates with the pelvis : the region on each side of the pelvis .
The region of the brain at the very front of each cerebral hemisphere ( see frontal lobe ) .
The region of the cerebral cortex responsible for receiving incoming information relayed by sensory nerve pathways from all parts of the body .
The region of the cerebral cortex that is responsible for initiating nerve impulses that bring about voluntary activity in the muscles of the body .
The region of the embryo that proliferates rapidly , producing mesoderm cells that spread outwards between the layers of ectoderm and endoderm .
The region of the forebrain in the floor of the third ventricle , linked with the thalamus above and the pituitary gland below ( see brain ) .
The region of the head in front of end above each ear .
The region of the large intestine around the junction of the sigmoid colon and the rectum .
The region of the midbrain below and in front of the cerebral aqueduct .
The region of the thorax immediately over the heart .
The regions of the abdomen are shown in the illustration .
The regression coefficient is the average extent to which a unit increase of one characteristic influences the increase , decrease of the other .
The rehabilitation of patients who are unable to speak coherently because of congenital causes , accidents , or illness ( e . g . stroke ) .
The reinforcement schedule governs how often when such behaviour is rewarded .
The related paramyxoviruses include the respiratory syncytial virus ( RSV ) and the agents causing measles , mumps , and parainfluenza .
The relationship acts to reduce anxiety in strange settings and forms a base from which children develop further relationships .
The relationship is more direct than in the case of a risk factor .
The relationship is one of probability and as such can be distinguished from a causal agent .
The relaxation of the ileocaecal valve caused by the presence of food in the stomach .
The release of an abnormally small quantity of blood at menstruation .
The release of strong emotion associated with a buried memory .
The release of their spiked eggs causes anaemia , inflammation , and the formation of scar tissue .
The release of urine from the bladder is controlled by a sphincter at its junction with the urethra .
The released cercariae may enter a second intermediate host ( such as a fish or crustacean ) ; form a cyst ( metacercaria ) on vegetation , or directly penetrate the human skin .
The released merozoites may invade new red blood cells or new liver cells , and continue the asexual phase with the production of yet more merozoites , effectively spreading the infection .
The released sporozoites ultimately pass into the insect 's salivary glands and await transmission to a human host at the next blood meal .
The rem has been replaced by the sievert .
The remainder of the blastocyst is composed of trophoblast ( see illustration ) .
The remaining bones of the cranium - the sphenoid and ethmoid - form part of its base .
The remaining nervous tissue is known as the peripheral nervous system and includes the autonomic nervous system , which is itself divided into the sympathetic and parasympathetic nervous systems .
The remaining stages occur in invertebrate hosts , which them transmit the parasites back to the vertebrates .
The remains of the cavity of the allantois , which usually disappears during embryonic development .
The removal of a dead piece of bone ( see sequestrum ) , dissection of a dead body .
The removal of a limb , part of a limb , or any other portion of the body ( such as a breast ) .
The removal of a small piece of living tissue from an organ or part of the body for microscopic examination .
The removal of all or part of the omentum ( the fold of peritoneum between the stomach and other abdominal organs ) .
The removal of fibrin , one of the plasma proteins that causes coagulation , from a sample of blood .
The removal of spots , freckles , or similar marks from the skin , usually by surgery .
The removal of the higher centres of the brain or cutting across the brain below the cerebrum so that cerebral functions are eliminated .
The removal of the outside layer ( cortex ) from an organ or structure , such as the kidney .
The removal of the waste products of metabolism from the body , mainly through the action of the kidneys .
The removal of the whole or part of the vitreous humour of the eye .
The removal of tissue , a part of the body , or an abnormal growth usually by cutting .
The removal of water from tissue during its preparation for microscopical study , by placing it successively in stronger solutions of ethyl alcohol .
The repair of burns is often done by grafting on strips of skin taken from elsewhere on the body , usually the upper arm or thigh .
The repair of wounds in the membrane surrounding the heart ( pericardium ) , such as those due to injury or surgery .
The repeated intrusion of a specific word or a name into a person 's thoughts , a form of obsession .
The repetitive speaking of obscene words .
The replacement of socially undesirable means of gratifying motives or desires by means that are socially acceptable .
The representation of speech by finger movements , deaf and dumb language .
The representation of the chromosome set in a diagram .
The repressed material continues to control behaviour and may give rise to symptoms .
The reproductive organs of either the male or the female .
The RES is concerned with defense against microbial infection and with the removal of worn out blood cells from the bloodstream .
The residual body of scar tissue that remains in the ovary at the point where a corpus luteum has regressed after its secretory activity has ceased .
The resistance of enamel to dental caries can be increased by the application of fluoride salts to the tooth surface from toothpastes or mouth rinses .
The resolving power ( ability to register fine detail ) is a thousand times greater than that of an ordinary light microscope .
The respiratory and cardiovascular centres , for example , are regions in the lower brainstem that control the movements of respiration and the functioning of the circulatory system , respectively .
The responses to the different inkblots are used to derive hypotheses about the subject .
The responsibility for deciding who attends a special school lies with the local education authority .
The resting stage between the two divisions of meiosis .
The resting stage of certain bacteria , particularly species of the genera Bacillus and Clostridium .
The result is severe loss of weight and sometimes even death from starvation .
The result is that any action the child makes will be wrong , and furthermore he cannot escape from the situation .
The result is usually a decline in the efficiency of the organ although it becomes larger .
The resultant graph of each kidney gives information regarding function and rate of drainage .
The resultant image is thus not distorted by chemical fixatives .
The resultant low back pain and stiffness may be alleviated by rest and analgesics .
The resultant pain and stiffness of the backbone are treated by analgesics and regular daily exercises .
The resultant swelling may be local , as with an injury or inflammation , or more general , as in heart or kidney failure .
The resulting dehydration and imbalance in the concentration of body fluids can cause death within 24 hours .
The resulting hybrid cells multiply rapidly ( like cancer cells ) and produce the same antibody as their parent lymphocytes .
The resulting products of fission eventually grow into complete organisms .
The results of a routine blood test , including an estimate of the blood haemoglobin level , the packed cell volume , and the numbers of red and white blood cells ( see blood count ) .
The results of medical and legal investigations that have been carried out are considered by a coroner , sitting with or without a jury , and made publicly known .
The rete testis is a network of tubules conducting sperm from the seminiferous tubules of the testis to the vasa efferentia .
The retina may be burnt by the intense light focused on it .
The reverse of erection , whereby the erect penis or clitoris becomes flaccid after orgasm .
The rhinen - cephalon includes the olfactory nerve , olfactory tract , and the regions now usually classified as belonging to the limbic system .
The right and left common iliac arteries form the terminal branches of the abdominal aorta .
The right and left common iliac veins unite to form the inferior vena cava .
The right and left coronary arteries arise from the aorta , just above the aortic valve , and form branches that encircle the heart .
The right and left hip bone forms part of the pelvis .
The right atrium receives deoxygenated blood from the venae cavae .
The right iliac fossa provides space for the vermiform appendix .
The right subclavian artery branches from the innominate artery .
The right ventricle enlarges and heart failure , fainting , and chest pain occur .
The right ventricle pumps blood received from the venae cavae ( via the right atrium ) into the pulmonary artery .
The rigid framework of connected bones that gives form to the body , protects and supports its soft organs and tissues , and provides attachments for muscles and a system of levers essential for locomotion .
The rima glottidis is the space between the vocal cords .
The ring of lymphoid tissue formed by the tonsils .
The risk is reduced if the serum is taken from an immune human being .
The risk of alcoholism for an individual and its incidence in a society depend on the amount drunk .
The RNA molecule is a single strand made up of units called nucleotides .
The rod monochromat appears to have totally defective cones , he has very poor visual acuity as well as the inability to discriminate colours .
The rods are connected on each side of the joint by bolts bearing wing nuts .
The roof of the midbrain , behind and above the cerebral aqueduct .
The roof of the mouth , which separates the mouth from the nasal cavity and consists of two portions .
The root of the hair , beneath the surface of the skin , is expanded at its base to form the buld , which contains a matrix of dividing cells .
The roots merge outside the cord to form mixed nerves .
The roots of such a belief usually go back to childhood .
The rotatores are small muscles situated deep in the back between adjacent vertebrae .
The rounded front end of the embryonic primitive streak .
The rounded portion of a bone , which fits into a groove of another to form a joint ; for example , the head of humerus or femur .
The RQ is usually about 0.8 because more oxygen is taken up than carbone dioxide excreted .
The rubbing in with the fingers of an ointment or liniment .
The rupture of urinary lymphatics may lead to the presence of chyle in the urine .
The S - shaped terminal part of the descending colon , which leads to the rectum .
The SA node is supplied by fibres of the autonomic nervous system : impulses arriving at the node accelerate or decrease the heart rate .
The sac forms a swelling in the neck that dilates on coughing or straining .
The sac of a racemose gland ( see also acinus ) , any other small cavity , depression , or sac .
The saccus endolymphaticus is the small sac connected to the saccule and utricle of the inner ear by the endolymphatic duct .
The sacs , which contain a thick liquid , form when the ducts of the glands in the cervix are blocked by a new growth of surface cells ( epithelium ) over an area damaged through infection .
The safe period is calculated either on the basis of the length of the menstrual cycle or by reliance on the change of body temperature that occurs at ovulation .
The same conditions apply to those incapacitated by certain industrial diseases where the nature of the work is a recognized hazard ( e . g . tuberculosis in mortuary attendants ) .
The same principle is used in the pin hole camera .
The same term is sometimes used more loosely for a state of mind in which the individual has a strong belief that he is persecuted by others .
The same type of visual loss may occur in eyes with a normal pressure : this is called low - tension glaucoma .
The sarcoplasmic reticulum plays an important role in the transmission of nervous excitation to the contractile parts of the fibres .
The scala media ( cochlear duct ) is the central membranous canal , containing the sensory apparatus of the cochlea .
The scala vestibuli and scala tympani are the two bony canals of the cochlea .
The science concerned with the behaviour of man and animals .
The science concerned with the study of the structure , function , and diseases of the heart .
The science of communication processes and automatic control systems in both machines and living things : a study linking the working of the brain and nervous system with the functioning of computers and automated feedback devices .
The science of health and the study of ways of preserving it , particularly by promoting cleanliness .
The science of mechanical or electronic systems that function in the same way as , or have characteristics of , living systems .
The science of nutrition includes the study of diets and deficiency diseases .
The science of the dosage of medicines .
The science of the functioning of living organisms and of their component parts .
The science of the properties of drugs and their effects on the body .
The science of the study of yeasts and fermentation .
The science or practice of correcting deformities caused by disease of or damage to the bones and joints of the skeleton .
The science or practice of nonsurgical methods of treating disease .
The science or practice of the diagnosis , treatment , and prevention of disease .
The science that is concerned with the improvement of the human race by means of the principles of genetics .
The scientific study of defects and disabilities of speech and of the methods used to treat them ; speech therapy .
The score produced is usually expressed as an intelligence quotient .
The scraping of the internal surface of an organ or body cavity by means of a spoon - shaped instrument ( curette ) .
The sebum produced by the glands cannot escape because the hair follicles become blocked by a keratin plug and a pustule forms , with fluid leaking into the surrounding tissue .
The secondary sex ratio , found at birth , usually indicates slightly fewer girls than boys .
The second area of kidney tissue to develop in the embryo .
The second cervical vertebra , which articulates with the atlas vertebra above and allows rotational movement of the head .
The second costal cartilage articulates at the junction between the manubrium and body of the sternum .
The second cranial nerve ( II ) , which is responsible for vision .
The second division is only completed on fertilization .
The second stage larva of a parasitic fluke , found within the tissues of a freshwater snail .
The second stage of mitosis and of each division of meiosis , in which the chromosomes line up at the centre of the spindle , with their centromeres attached to the spindle fibres .
The second stage of the first prophase of meiosis , in which the homologous chromosomes form pairs ( bivalents ) .
The second vertebra - the axis - has an upward - pointing process ( the odontoid process or dens ) that forms a pivot on which the atlas can rotate , enabling the head to be turned .
The secretion of all these hormones is regulated by specific hormone releasing factors , which are produced in the hypothalamus .
The secretion of excess hydrochloric acid by the stomach results in the condition hyperchlorhydria .
The secretion of intrinsic factor is necessary for the absorption of vitamin B12 .
The secretion of milk by the mammary glands of the breasts , which usually begins at the end of pregnancy .
The secretion of saliva by the salivary glands of the mouth , increased in response to the chewing action of the jaws or to the thought , taste , smell , or sight of food .
The secretion of sweat containing blood .
The secretion of sweat is a means of excreting nitrogenous waste .
The secretion of the glands of the foreskin ( prepuce ) , which accumulates under the foreskin and has a white cheesy : appearance .
The secretion of urine of low specific gravity .
The secretory duct of the submandibular salivary gland .
The section of a DNA or RNA chain that controls the amino - acid sequence of a single polypeptide chain in protein synthesis .
The seed of the tree Strychnos nux - vomica , which contains the poisonous alkaloid .
The semen specimen may be provided by the husband ( AIH - artificial insemination husband ) , in cases of impotence or by an anonymous donor ( AID - artificial insemination donor ) in cases where the husband is sterile .
The semicircular canals , saccule , and utricle also in the inner ear are all concerned with balance .
The semicircular canals of the inner ear are expanded into ampullae at the point where they join the vestibule .
The semifluid material of which the axon of a nerve cell is composed , it flows slowly outwards from the cell body .
The semiliquid acid mass that is the form in which food passes from the stomach to the small intestine .
The seminal vesicles secrete most of the liquid component of semen .
The sensation of flashes of light caused by irritation of the retina of the eye , usually due to inflammation or slight movements of the retina .
The sensation of multiple images of one object .
The sensation that an arm or leg , or part of an arm or leg , is still attached to the body after it has been amputated .
The sense for the appreciation of the flavour of substances in the mouth .
The sense of smell , the process of smelling .
The sense of taste or the act of tasting .
The sense organ concerned with hearing and balance ( see illustration ) .
The sense organ of the cochlea of the inner ear , which converts sound signals into nerve impulses that are transmitted to the brain via the conchlear nerve .
The sense organs responsible are the state buds on the surface of the tongue , which are stimulated when food dissolves in the saliva the mouth .
The sense that enables the brain to be constantly aware of the position and movement of muscles in different parts of the body .
The sensory receptors concerned with the sense of taste ( see illustration ) .
The sensory structure within the ampulla of a semicircular canal within the inner ear ( see illustration ) .
The separation of a fine powder from a coarser powder by mixing them with water and decanting the upper layer while it still contains the finer particles .
The separation of a person with an infectious disease from noninfected people .
The separation of an organ or tissue into parts by surgery .
The separation of pairs of homologous chromosomes during meiosis or of the chromatics of a chromosome during anaphase of mitosis or meiosis .
The sequence of actions by which a baby and the afterbirth are expelled from the womb at childbirth .
The sequence of events between one heart beat and the next , normally occupying less than a second .
The series of nerves in the sympathetic system that are distributed to the blood vessels and viscera , passing forwards and downwards from the chain of sympathetic ganglia near the spinal cord to enter the abdomen and branch profusely .
The serotype of an infective organism is important when treatment or prophylaxis with a vaccine is being considered .
The serous membrane of the abdominal cavity ( see illustration ) .
The service is now the responsibility of the District health Authority , but ascertainment and responsibility for allocation to special school remain the responsibility of the LEA .
The service provides screening tests for congenital dislocation of hips , suppressed squint ( see cover test ) , and impaired speech and hearing .
The service was formerly based on an ideal of three examinations at 5 , 11 , and 15 years by doctors and nurses specially employed by the Local Education Authority ( LEA ) .
The seven bones making up the neck region of the backbone .
The seven bones of the ankle and proximal part of the foot ( see illustration ) .
The seventh cranial nerve ( VII ) : a mixed sensory and motor nerve that supplies the muscles of facial expression , the taste buds of the front part of the tongue , the sublingual salivary glands , and the lacrimal glands .
The sex cells ( sperm and ova ) always contain half the number of chromosomes of all the other cells of the body ( see meiosis ) .
The sex chromosome present in both sexes .
The sexually active state of the penis , which becomes enlarged and rigid ( due to the erectile tissue being swollen with blood ) and capable of penetrating the vagina .
The shaft ( central part ) of a long bone .
The shaft is withdrawn after the trocar has been inserted into the cavity .
The shaky movements and unsteady gait that result from the brain 's failure to regulate the body 's posture and the strength and direction of limb movements .
The sheath of connective tissue that surrounds individual bundles of nerve fibres within a large nerve .
The sheath of the axon of a nerve fibre .
The shin bone : the inner and large bone of the lower leg ( see illustration ) .
The short period in the cardiac cycle between the end of systole and the closure of the aortic valve marking the start of diastole .
The short saphenous vein runs up the back of the calf to join the popliteal vein at the back of the knee .
The short thin blind - ended tube , 7 - 10 cm long , that is attached to the end of the caecum ( a pouch at the start of the large intestine ) .
The short tottering steps that characterize the gait of a patient with parkinsonism .
The shortening of a muscle in response to a motor nerve impulse .
The shoulder blade : a triangular bone , a pair of which form the back part of the shoulder girdle ( see illustration ) .
The shrinking of the womb to its normal size after childbirth .
The SI unit of amount of substance , equal to the amount of substance that contains as many elementary units as there are atoms in 0.012 kilograms of carbon - 12 .
The SI unit of capacitance equal to the capacitance of a capacitor between the plates of which a potential difference of 1 volt appears when it is charges with 1 coulomb of electricity .
The SI unit of dose equivalent , being the dose equivalent when the absorbed dose of ionizing radiation multiplied by the stipulated dimensionless factors is 1J kg - 1 .
The SI unit of electric charge , equal to the quantity of electricity transferred by 1 ampere in 1 second .
The SI unit of electrical conductance , equal to the conductance between two points on a conductor when a potential difference of 1 volt between these points causes a current of 1 ampere to flow between them .
The SI unit of electrical resistance , equal to the resistance between two points on a conductor when a constant potential difference of 1 volt applied between these points produces a current of 1 ampere .
The SI unit of electric potential , equal to the potential difference between two points on a conducting wire through which a constant current of 1 ampere flows when the power dissipated between these points is 1 watt .
The SI unit of force , equal to the force required to impart to 1 kilogram an acceleration of 1 metre per second .
The SI unit of frequency , equal to one cycle per second .
The SI unit of inductance , equal to the inductance of a closed circuit with a magnetic flux of 1 weber per ampere of current .
The SI unit of intensity of illumination , equal to 1 lumen per square metre .
The SI unit of length that is equal to 39.37 inches .
The SI unit of luminous flux , equal to the amount of light emitted per second in unit solid angle of 1 steradian by a point source of 1 candela .
The SI unit of luminous intensity ,equal to the intensity in a horizontal direction of a surface of 1 / 600,000 square metre of a black body at a temperature of 2040 kelvins and a pressure of 101,325 pascals 
The SI unit of magnetic flux , equal to the flux linking a circuit of one turn that produces an e . m . f . of 1 volt when reduced uniformly to zero in 1 second .
The SI unit of magnetic flux density , equal to a density of 1 weber per square metre .
The SI unit of mass equal to 1000 grams and defined in term of the international prototype ( a cylinder of platinum - iridium alloy ) kept at Sevres , near Paris .
The SI unit of power , equal to 1 joule per second .
The SI unit of pressure , equal to 1 newton per square metre .
The SI unit of temperature , formally defined as the fraction 1 / 273.16 of the temperature of the triple point of water .
The SI unit of time ,equal to the duration of 9,192,631,770 periods of the radiation corresponding to the transition between two hyperfine levels of the ground state of the caesium - 133 atom 
The SI unit of work or energy , equal to the work done when the point of application of a force of 1 newton is displaced through a distance of 1 metre in the direction of the force .
The side - effects are those of cortisone .
The simplest and most efficient method is the mouth - to - mouth technique ( the " kiss of life " ) .
The simplest spectroscope uses a prism , which splits white light into the rainbow colours of the visible spectrum .
The simplest type has a flat triangular blade attached at its base to a handle , the other two sides being very sharp and tapering to a point .
The single - celled microscopic yeasts are a good source of vitamin B and many antibiotics are obtained from the moulds ( see penicillin ) .
The single layer cells that lines the heart , blood vessels , and lymphatic vessels .
The single layer of cells that lines serous membranes .
The single species , L . monocytogenes , infects many domestic and wild animals , and on transmission to man causes meningoencephalitis and occasionally infection of the womb .
The single species , S . moniliformis , is a normal inhabitant of the respiratory tract of rats but causes rat bite fever in man .
The sinus may be recurrently infected , leading to pain and the discharge of pus .
The sinusoids are drained by the hepatic veins .
The sister organization , Gam - Anon , provides advice and encouragement for the families of compulsive gamblers .
The site and length of the stricture is assessed by urethrography and urethroscopy , and treatment is by periodic dilatation of the urethra using sounds , urethrotomy , or urethroplasty .
The site of implantation determines the position of the placenta .
The site of the embryonic anus , marked by the depression lined with ectoderm .
The site of the embryonic mouth , marked by a depression lined with ectoderm from which the teeth develop .
The situation in which two or more genes lie close to each other on a chromosome and are therefore very likely to be inherited together .
The six - legged parasitic larvae ( chiggers ) are common in fields during the autumn and frequently attack man , remaining attached to the skin for several days while feeding on the lymph and digested skin tissue .
The sixth cranial nerve , which supplies the lateral rectus muscle of each eyeball , responsible for turning the eye outwards .
The size of this potential at rest also gives an indication of the health of the retina .
The skeleton of the head and face , which is made up of 22 bones .
The skeleton of the thorax is formed by the sternum , costal cartilages , ribs , and thoracic vertebrea of the backbone .
The skin , gut , and liver are the most severely affected .
The skin , nervous system , and the eyes and salivary glands are also commonly affected ( see uveoparotitis ) , and the condition has features similar to tuberculosis .
The skin ; a membrane or layer of tissue covering any organ of the body .
The skin also acts as an organ of excretion ( by the secretion of sweat ) and as a sense organ ( it contains receptors that are sensitive to heat , cold , touch , and pain ) .
The skin also becomes inflamed and itches .
The skin and lips have a purple colour .
The skin becomes dry , hairless , and atrophied , losing its colouring .
The skin develops blackheads , papules , and pustules , mainly on hairy parts ( such as the forearm ) .
The skin is red and itchy and small blisters may develop .
The skin is thickened and the openings of hair follicles and sweat glands are enlarged .
The skin is thickened and tough , often with pigmented patches .
The skin rash that appears in the second stage of syphilis , usually two months to two years after primary infection .
The skull contains cavities for the eyes ( see orbit ) and nose ( see nasal cavity ) and a large opening at its base ( foramen magnum ) through which the spinal cord passes .
The Sl unit of activity of a radioactive source , being the activity of a radionuclide decaying at a rate of one spontaneous nuclear transition per second .
The slender microfilaria , 150 - 300 m in length , are commonly found in the circulating blood or lymph of patients suffering an infection with any of the filarial worms , e . g . Wuchereria .
The sliding is caused by a series of cyclic reactions resulting in a change in orientation of projections on the myosin filaments .
The slimy substance that forms a protective layer around certain bacteria .
The slow escape of liquid ( called the exudates ) containing proteins and white cells through the walls of intact blood vessels , usually as a result of inflammation .
The small area of the retina of the eye where the nerve fibres from the light - sensitive cells ( see cone , rod ) lead into the optic nerve .
The small arteries constrict and the capillaries dilate slowing the blood flow .
The small bones ( ossicles ) of the middle ear - the malleus , incus , and stapes - transmit the sound vibrations to the fenestra ovalis , which leads to the inner ear ( see labyrinth ) .
The small dome at the end of the cochlea .
The small fragments of stone can then be removed by irrigation and suction .
The small fringe of hair on the bony ridge just above the eye .
The small intestine is divided into the duodenum , jejunum , and ileum .
The small intestine is lined with minute finger - like processes ( see villus ) , which greatly increase its surface area and therefore the speed at which absorption can take place .
The small portion of the brainstem , excluding the pons and the medulla , that joins the hindbrain to the forebrain .
The small rounded end of a bone that articulates with another bone .
The smaller of the two membranous sacs within the vestibule of the ear : it forms part of the membranous labyrinth .
The smallest bone of the face , either of a pair of rectangular bones that contribute to the orbits .
The smallest bone of the wrist ( carpus ) : a pea - shaped bone that articulates with the triquetral bone and , indirectly by cartilage , with the ulna .
The smallest of the three branches of the trigeminal nerve .
The smallest unit used in the classification of living organisms .
The smooth rounded surface of the frontal bone in the middle of the forehead , between the two eyebrows .
The socket of the shoulder joint : the pearshaped cavity at the top of the scapula into which the head of the humerus fits .
The soft palate , further back , is a movable fold of mucous membrane that tapers at the back of the mouth to form a fleshy hanging flap of tissue - the uvula .
The soft tissue tumours often respond to radiotherapy and to such drugs as melphalan and cyclophosphamide .
The softening of a solid by leaving it immersed in a liquid .
The soles of the feet and palms of the hands are common sites , and if much hard dead skin develops a callosity can become painful .
The soleus flexes the foot , so that the toes point downwards .
The solid rod - shaped central portion of a vertebra .
The somites differentiate into voluntary muscle , bones , connective tissue , and the deeper layers of the skin ( see dermatome , myotome , sclerotome ) .
The sore usually heals spontaneously within six months .
The sound is picked up by a microphone placed over the heart .
The sound made by breathing in this way .
The sounds heard over the larger bronchi are louder and harsher .
The sounds heard through a stethoscope placed over the lungs during breathing .
The sounds heard through the stethoscope when the patient speaks ( " ninety nine " ) .
The source of mercury was traced to an effluent containing mercuric sulphate from a local PVC factory .
The source of this activity is in the reticular formation of the midbrain .
The space between the arachnoids and pia meninges of the brain and spinal cord , containing circulating cerebrospinal fluid and large blood vessels .
The space between the carpal bones of the wrist and the connective tissue ( retinaculum ) over the flexor tendons .
The space between the visceral and parietal pleura , which is normally very small as the pleural membranes are in close contact .
The space formed between adjacent teeth .
The space in the thorax ( chest cavity ) between the two pleural sacs .
The space inside the nose that lies between the floor of the cranium and the roof of the mouth .
The space within a tubular or sac - like part , such as a blood vessel , the intestine , or the stomach .
The spasm of the muscles is often painful and the patient is sensitive about his appearance .
The spasms are involuntary flexing movements of the arms , legs , neck , and trunk ; each spasm lasts 1 - 3 seconds and is associated with flushing of the face , and runs of spasms occur over a period of several minutes .
The special connective tissue of the central nervous system , composed of different cells , including the oligodendrocytes , astrocytes , ependymal cells ( see ependyma ) , and microglia , with various supportive and nutritive functions ( see illustration ) .
The specialized muscle of which the walls of the heart are composed .
The species A . fumigatus causes aspergillosis .
The species A . israeli is the causative organism of human actinomycosis .
The species A . mallei causes glanders , an infection of horses that can be transmitted to man .
The species B . anthracis which is nonmotile , causes anthrax , a disease of farm animals transmissible to man .
The species B . duttonii , B . novyi , and B . recurrentis cause relapsing fever in West Africa , North America , and Europe , respectively .
The species C . albicans , a small oval budding fungus , is primarily responsible for candidiasis of the mouth , lungs , intestine , vagina , skin , and nails .
The species C . burnettii causes Q fever .
The species C . neoformans causes cryptococcosis .
The species C . welchii ( C . perfringers ) - Welch 's bacillus - causes blood poisoning , food poisoning , and gas gangrene .
The species H . capsulatum causes the respiratory infection histoplasmosis .
The species K . aerogenes is associated with human urinary infections .
The species K . rhinoscleromatic causes rhinoscleroma , a chronic infection of the nose and pharynx .
The species L . acidophilus is found in milk and is associated with dental caries .
The species M . audouini causes ringworm of the scalp ( tinea capitis ) .
The species M . furfur is the causative organism of a form of ringworm .
The species M . grisea and M . mycetomi cause the tropical infection Madura foot .
The species M . lacunata causes conjunctivities .
The species M . tetragenus ( formerly Gaffkya tetragena ) is normally a harmless parasite in man but it can become pathogenic , causing arthritis , endocartitis , meningitis , or abscesses in tissues .
The species N . gonorrhoeae ( the gonococcus ) causes gonorrhoea .
The species P . aeruginosa is pathogenic to man , occurring in pus from wounds .
The species P . brasiliensis causes a chronic skin disease , South American blastomycosis .
The species P . chrysogenum is the major natural source of the antibiotic penicillin .
The species P . pestis causes plague in man , and P . tularensive causes tularemia .
The species Rickettsia akari causes rickettsial pox .
The species S . aureus is commonly present on skin and mucous membranes .
The species S . paratyphi causes paratyphoid fever , and S . typhi causes typhoid fever .
The species S . pneumoniae ( formerly Diplococcus pneumoniae ) - the pneumococcus - is associated with pneumonia .
The specific nodular lesion of tuberculosis .
The specific organ or tissue upon which a hormone , drug , or other substance acts .
The specific substance or substances on which a given enzyme acts .
The specimen may be examined microscopically to assist in the diagnosis of coeliac disease or intestinal infections , or its enzyme content may be measured chemically to detect , for example , lactase deficiency .
The specimen must be examined in a vacuum , which necessitates special techniques for preparing it , and the electrons are usually focused onto a fluorescent screen ( for direct viewing ) or onto a photographic plate ( for a photograph , or electron micrograph ) .
The specimens can be immersed in a chemical fixative or subjected to freezedrying .
The sperm cells carry an X or a Y chromosome .
The spermatozoa are moved passively along the tube over a period of several days , during which time they mature and become capable of fertilization .
The spine on its dorsal ( back ) surface ends at the acromion process at the top of the shoulder .
The spinous process situated on the neural arch of a vertebra .
The spiral organ of the labyrinth of the ear , which is concerned with the reception and analysis of sound .
The spirochaetes enter through abrasions on the skin .
The spleen is a major component of the reticuloendothelial system , producing lymphocytes in the newborn and containing phagocytes , which remove worn out red blood cells and other foreign bodies from the bloodstream .
The spongy framework of protein strands within a red blood cell in which the blood pigment haemoglobin is packed .
The spores are found in soil contaminated by faeces , especially from chickens and bats .
The spots disappear within seven days but the patient remains infectious for a further 3 - 4 days .
The spreading of a flush across the skin surface , caused by changes in the local blood supply .
The squamous portion forms part of the side of the cranium .
The staff of CHCs also educate mothers ( especially those having their first child ) in feeding techniques and hygiene and see that children receive the recommended immunizations against infectious diseases .
The stage during which inflammation gradually disappears .
The stage is almost invariably followed by one in which excessive numbers of white cells are produced , as typical in leukaemia .
The stage of a disease during which the signs and symptoms disappear and the patient recovers .
The stage of labour when the upper part of the infant 's head is tightly encircled by the margins of the vaginal opening .
The stage of repair of a broken bone following callus formation , during which the callus is transformed by osteoblasts into mature bone .
The stage of the menstrual cycle immediately preceding menstruation .
The stages of the menstrual cycle are shown in the diagram .
The state in which a particular delusion or set of delusions is present in an otherwise normally functioning person .
The state of certain infants severely affected by haemolytic disease .
The state of normal or good digestion : freedom from digestive symptoms .
The state of one jaw being markedly larger than the other and therefore in front of it .
The state of refraction of the normal eye , in which parallel light rays are brought to a focus on the retina with the accommodation relaxed .
The state of the eye after the natural lens has been replaced by a plastic lens implanted inside the eye , approximately in the position previously occupied by the natural lens .
The state of the lung in which the alveoli ( air sacs ) are filled with fluid produced by inflamed tissue , as in pneumonia .
The state of two structures , such as parts of the body , being in close contact .
The state produced by loss of awareness of space , time , or personality .
The steeper the curve , the smaller the image .
The sternum articulates with the collar bones ( see clavicle ) and the costal cartilages of the first seven pairs of ribs .
The sticking of white blood cells to the linings of the finest blood vessels ( capillaries ) when inflammation occurs .
The sticking together , by serum antibodies called agglutinins , of such microscopic antigenic particles as red blood cells or bacteria so that they form visible clumps .
The stiffening of a body that occur within some eight hours of death , due to chemical changes in muscle tissue .
The stimulated vomiting centre sets off a chain nerve impulses producing coordinated contraction of the diaphragm and abdominal muscle , relaxation of the muscle at the entrance to the stomach , etc . , causing the stomach contents to be expelled .
The stitching of a displaced ovary to the wall of the pelvic cavity .
The stitching of a displaced vagina to the abdominal wall .
The stitching of a tear , possibly sustained during childbirth , in the region between the vulva and anus ( the perineum ) .
The stitching of the round ligaments of a displaced womb to the abdominal wall .
The stomach lies just below the diaphragm , to the right of the spleen and partly under the liver .
The stones are either formed in the bladder , due to obstruction , urinary retention , and infection ( primary calculi ) , or pass to the bladder after being formed in the kidneys ( secondary calculi ) .
The stones usually consist of calcareous debris or aggregations of other crystalline material .
The stones usually form in the gall bladder and pass into the bile duct , but they may develop within the duct after cholecystectomy .
The strabismus is most commonly horizontal convergent strabismus ( esotropia ) or divergent strabismus ( exotropia ) but it may be vertical ( hypertropia , in which the eye looks upwards , or hypotropia , in which it looks downwards ) .
The strand of tissue connecting the fetus to the placenta .
The stratum germinativum : one of the layers of the epidermis .
The straw - coloured fluid in which the blood cells are suspended .
The strength of a solution , expressed as the weight of dissolved substance in grams per litre divided by its molecular weight , i . e . the number of moles per litre .
The stress of the experience can be damaging to maladjusted people .
The stria terminalis is a white band that separates the thalamus from the ventricular surface of the caudate nucleus in the brain .
The striae gravidarum are the lines that appear on the skin of the abdomen of pregnant women , due to stretching and rupture of the elastic fibres .
The strip of ectoderm lying along the central axis of the early embryo that forms the neural tube and subsequently the central nervous system .
The strong odours associated with sweating result from the action of bacteria on the sweat produced by apocrine glands .
The structures , collectively , at the anterior end of the brainstem , comprising the epithalamus , thalamus , hypothalamus , and subthalamus , all of which are concerned with the reception and processing of information entering from sensory nerve pathways .
The structures that cover the cranium , i . e . all layers of the scalp .
The structures that produce and drain away fluid from the eye ( see illustration ) .
The study , management and treatment of disease and conditions affecting the mouth , jaws , teeth , and their supporting tissue .
The study and care of the foot , including its normal structure , its diseases , and their treatment .
The study and practice of treating tumours .
The study and treatment of diseases of the pulps of teeth and their sequelae .
The study of blood and blood - forming tissues and the disorders associated with them .
The study of blood serum and its constituents , particularly their contribution to the protection of the body against disease .
The study of chemical compounds and their activities in living cells .
The study of chemical compounds in living cells by means of a cytophotometer , an instrument that measures light intensity through stained areas cytoplasm .
The study of developmental abnormalities and their causes .
The study of disease more commonly found in tropical regions than elsewhere , such as malaria , trypanosomisis , schistosomiasis , and leihmaniasis .
The study of disease of the larynx and vocal cords .
The study of disease processes with the aim of understanding their nature and causes .
The study of diseases of the ears and larynx .
The study of diseases of women and girls , particularly those affecting the female reproductive system .
The study of disorders of the rectum and anus .
The study of drugs used in medicine , including pharmacognosy , pharmacy , pharmacology , and therapeutics .
The study of ear , nose , and throat diseases ( i . e . ENT disorders ) .
The study of epidemic disease , with a view to finding means of control and future prevention .
The study of ethics and correct behaviour or duty .
The study of extrasensory perception , psychokinesis , and other mental abilities that appear to defy natural law .
The study of facial growth by examination of standardized lateral radiographs of the head .
The study of food in relation to the physiological processes that depend on its absorption by the body ( growth , energy production , repair of body tissues , etc . ) .
The study of gastrointestinal disease , which includes disease of any part of the digestive tract and also of the liver , biliary tract , and pancreas .
The study of growth and development of the embryo and fetus from fertilization of the ovum until birth .
The study of immunity and all of the phenomena connected with the defence mechanisms of the body .
The study of living organisms - plants , animals , and microorganisms - including their structure and working and their relationships with one another and with the inanimate world .
The study of man in relation to his work and working surroundings .
The study of mental disorders , with the aim of explaining and describing aberrant behaviour .
The study of mental disorders and their diagnosis , management , and prevention .
The study of motion and the forces required to produce it .
The study of poisonous materials and their effects upon living organisms .
The study of sexual matters , including anatomy , physiology , behaviour and techniques .
The study of single - celled animals ( Protozoa ) .
The study of the applications of X - rays ( roentgen rays ) in medicine .
The study of the bumps on the outside of the skull in order to determine a person 's character .
The study of the changes in the mind and body that accompany ageing and the problems associated with them .
The study of the characteristics of handwriting to obtain indications about a person 's psychological make - up or state of health .
The study of the chemical processes and substances occurring in living things .
The study of the complex chemical and physical changes that are associated with the activity of the nervous system .
The study of the different races of mankind and their variations : a branch of anthropology that deals mainly with cultural and social differences between groups and the problems , medical and otherwise , that arise from their particular ways of life .
The study of the different regions of the body , including the description of its parts in relation to the surrounding structures .
The study of the diseases of man and other animals in prehistoric times , from examination of their bones or other remains .
The study of the effects of drugs on mental processes and behavious , particularly psychotropic drugs .
The study of the endocrine glands and the substances they secrete ( hormones ) .
The study of the identification and distribution of chemical compounds within and between cells , by means of stains , indicators , and light and electron microscopy .
The study of the molecules that are associated with living organisms , especially proteins and nucleic acids .
The study of the patterns of finger , palm , toe , and sole prints .
The study of the phenomena of death , involving determination of the moment of death and the different changes that occur in the tissues of the body after death .
The study of the populations of the world , their racial make - up , movements , birth rates , death rates , and other factors affecting the quality of life within them .
The study of the relationships between man , plants and animals , and the environment , including the way in which human activities may affect other animal populations and alter natural surroundings .
The study of the structure , function , and diseases of the muscles .
The study of the structure , functioning , and diseases of the nervous system ( including the brain , spinal cord , and all the peripheral nerves ) .
The study of the structure and function of bones and related structures .
The study of the structure and function of cells .
The study of the structure of living organisms .
The study of the structure of the nervous system , from the gross anatomy of the brain down to the microscopic details of neurones .
The study of the structure of tissues by means of special staining techniques combined with light and electron microscopy .
The study of the uses and properties of sound waves of very high frequency ( see ultrasound ) .
The study or practice of the legal aspects of medicine .
The study or science of the causes of disease .
The subarachnoid space separates it from the arachnoid .
The subject is made to engage passively in the required behaviour by instructions or by being physically but through the movements .
The subject looks into the short end and each eye sees , via a system of mirrors and lenses , a different picture , which is placed at the other end of each tube .
The subject sits 6 metres from the chart and one eye is tested at a time .
The sublingual glands are the smallest salivary glands .
The substance of a tissue or organ in which more specialized structures are embedded ; for example , the ground substance of connective tissue .
The substance postulated by 19th century biologists ( notably Weismann ) to be transmitted via the gametes from one generation to the next and to give rise to the body cells .
The substance that is produced by a gland .
The substances broken down include nutrients in food ( carbohydrates , proteins , etc . ) as well as the body 's storage products ( such as glycogen ) .
The sudden contraction of a muscle in response to a nerve impulse .
The sudden surge of charged particles across the membrane of a nerve or muscle cell that accompanies a physicochemical change in the membrane and cancels out , or reverses , its resting potential to produce an action potential .
The study of venereal disease , including syphilis and gonorhoea .
The sufferer experiences a burning sensation in the eyes , difficulty in breathing , tightness of the chest , nausea , vomiting , and streaming from the eyes and nose .
The sum of all the chemical and physical changes that take place within the body and enable its continued growth functioning .
The sum of the biochemical changes undergone by a particular constituent of the body ; for example , protein metabolism .
The superego is the result of the incorporation of parental injunctions into the child 's mind .
The superficial external intercostals lift the ribs during inspiration ; the deep internal intercostals draw the ribs together during expiration .
The superficial veins ( saphenous veins ) of the legs are most commonly affected .
The superior and middle nasal conchae are part of the ethmoid bone .
The superior dental nerve , which supplies the upper teeth , breaks into separate branches at some distance from the teeth and it is possible to anaesthetize these individually with less widespread effect for the patient .
The superior vena cava , originating at the junction of the two innominate veins , drains blood from the head , neck , thorax , and arms .
The supportive tissue of an organ , as opposed to the functional tissue ( parenchyma ) .
The supposed physical basis of an individual memory .
The surface area of the inside of the small intestine is increased by the presence of finger - like projections called villi ( see illustration ) .
The surface of the mouth is lined by mucous membrane , the nature of which varies according to its site .
The surface of the tongue is covered with minute projections ( papillae ) , with give it a furred appearance ( see illustration ) .
The surfaces of the bed adapts itself to the patient 's posture , which leads to greater comfort and fewer bedsores .
The surgeon excises the rear part ( the posterior arch ) of one or more vertebrae .
The surgeon is therefore able to undertake the repair or replacement of heart valves or perform other surgical operations involving the heart and great blood vessels .
The surgical creation of an external opening into the ureter .
The surgical cutting of any of the branches of the vagus nerve .
The surgical cutting of soft tissues , such as skin of muscle , with a knife or scalpel .
The surgical division of sympathetic nerve fibres .
The surgical opening or puncture of a vein in order to remove blood ( in the treatment of polycythaemia ) or to infuse fluids , blood , or drugs in the treatment of many conditions .
The surgical operation for removing haemorrhoids , which are tied and then excised .
The surgical operation of cutting the duct ( vas deferens ) connecting the testis to the seminal vesicle and urethra .
The surgical operation of interrupting the pathways of white nerve fibres within the brain .
The surgical operation of reanatomosing the vas deferens after previous vasectomy : the reversal of vasectomy , undertaken to restore fertility .
The surgical operation of uniting the ends of divided tendons by suture .
The surgical operation to repair a hernia , in which the abnormal opening is sewn up and the weakness strengthened with suture material .
The surgical or operative treatment of diseases of the brain and spinal cord .
The surgical procedure for stretching a peripheral nerve .
The surgical procedure of severing a nerve .
The surgical procedure of stitching an intestine that has either perforated or been divided during an operation .
The surgical reimplantation of a ureter into the bladder .
The surgical removal of a bone or a piece of bone .
The surgical removal of a capsule from an organ , for example , the stripping of the membrane that envelops the kidney .
The surgical removal of a lobe of an organ or gland , such as the lung , thyroid , or brain .
The surgical removal of a part of the body .
The surgical removal of a section of the phrenic nerve , which paralyses the diaphragm .
The surgical removal of a stone ( calculus ) from the urinary tract .
The surgical removal of a stone from the kidney by an incision into the kidney substance .
The surgical removal of a stone from the ureter ( see calculus ) .
The surgical removal of a vein ( or part of a vein ) , sometimes performed for the treatment of varicose veins in the legs ( varicectomy ) .
The surgical removal of any sphincter muscle .
The surgical removal of excess gum tissue .
The surgical removal of one of the bones forming the nasal cavity ( nasal conchae , or turbinate bones ) .
The surgical removal of the entire womb , including its neck .
The surgical removal of the whole or part of a nerve .
The surgical removal of the womb , either through an incision in the abdominal wall or through the vagina .
The surgical removal or cutting of a Fallopian tube .
The surgical removal or destruction of the pituitary gland in the brain .
The surgical repair of abnormalities or defects of the thorax .
The surgical repair of ulcers by skin grafting .
The surgical replacement of damaged tissue with healthy tissue ( see transplantation ) .
The surgical separation of adhesions between the heart and surrounding structures within the ribcage ( adherent pericardium ) .
The surgical tying of the vas deferens ( the duct conveying sperm from the testis ) .
The sweat contains excessive amounts of sodium and chloride , which is an aid to diagnosis .
The sweat glands and hair follicles disappear in the affected area .
The swelling , reddening , and blistering are considerably less than the so - called primary reaction that occurs after the inoculation of a person with no immunity against smallpox .
The swelling of an inflamed area is due to the leakage from small blood vessels of clear protein - containing fluid , which accumulates between the cells .
The swelling subsides with rest and elevation of the legs .
The swellings not only obstruct the nostrils but also interfere with the field of vision .
The symptoms , collectively , of a mental disorder .
The symptoms are abolished with thyroxine treatment .
The symptoms are commonly ringing noises in the ears , dizziness , blurring of vision ( and sometimes complete blindness ) , rashes , fever , and low blood pressure .
The symptoms are due to disease of the basal ganglia .
The symptoms are due to overstimulation of the balance organs in the inner ear by repeated small changes in the position of the body and are aggravated by movements of the horizon .
The symptoms are headache , sweating , salivation , lacrimation , vomiting , diarrhoea , and muscular spasms .
The symptoms are jaundice with dark urine , pale faeces , and usually itching .
The symptoms are oedema , loss of appetite , diarrhoea , general discomfort , and apathy .
The symptoms are similar to those of mitral incompetence except that the patient has a diastolic murmur .
The symptoms are those of a dementia and spastic weakness of the limbs .
The symptoms are those of laryngitis , accompanied by signs of obstruction - harsh difficult breathing ( see stridor ) , a rising pulse rate , restlessness , and cyanosis .
The symptoms are those of urethral discharge with painful or difficult urination ( dysuria ) .
The symptoms are usually pain and swelling at the site of the tumour and there is often a history of preceding trauma , although it is doubtful whether this contributes to the cause .
The symptoms are usually roughly symmetrical . .
The symptoms depend on the amount of lung involved and the virulence of the bacteria , but they generally include cough and chest pain with shadows on the chest X - ray .
The symptoms first affect the tips of the fingers and toes ( i . e . the extremities of the nerve fibres ) and subsequently spread towards the trunk .
The symptoms may be excited : stereotypy , stilted overactivity , and purposeless violence ; or inhibited : stupor , catalepsy , flexibilitas cereal , and negativism .
The symptoms may include paralysis of the legs , incontinence , and mental retardation from the commonly associated brain defect , hydrocephalus .
The symptoms of a disease , collectively .
The symptoms of overdosage or too prolonged treatment with quinine .
The symptoms of pellagra are scaly dermatitis on exposed surfaces , diarrhoea , and depression .
The symptoms of poisoning due to ingestion of any toxic material , including alcohol and heavy metals .
The symptoms of sneezing , running or blocked nose , and watering eyes are due to histamine release and often respond to treatment with antihistamines .
The symptoms of the milder forms of the disease are followed by weakness and eventual paralysis of the muscles .
The symptoms resemble those of gonorrhoea .
The symptoms respond rapidly effectively to corticosteroid treatment , which must usually be continued for several years .
The symptoms usually respond transiently to intravenous barbiturates .
The symptoms usually vanish within three days , the patient remaining infectious until the swelling has completely disappeared , but the infection may spread to other salivary glands and to the pancreas , brain , and testicles .
The syndrome can often be modified by suggestion .
The syndrome consists of a constricted pupil , drooping of the upper eyelid ( ptosis ) , and an absence of sweating over the affected side of the face .
The syndrome due to excessive amounts of thyroid hormones in the bloodstream , causing a rapid heart beat , sweating , tremor , anxiety , increased appetite , loss of weight , and intolerance of heat .
The syndrome due to physical dependence on alcohol , such that sudden deprivation may cause withdrawal symptoms - tremor , anxiety , hallucinations , and delusions ( see delirium tremens ) .
The syndrome is most common in the intellectually subnormal , the epileptic , and the brain damaged .
The syndrome may be due to overstimulation of the adrenal glands by excessive amounts of the hormone ACTH , secreted either by a tumour of the pituitary gland ( Cushing 's disease ) or by a malignant tumour in the lung or elsewhere .
The syndrome may occur as a result of septicaemia , eclamptic fits in pregnancy ( see eclampsia ) , or as a reaction to certain drugs .
The synthesis of complex molecules , such as proteins and fats , from simpler ones by living things .
The syphilitic infection is treated with penicillin but surgical repair to the aortic aneurysm or valve may be needed .
The syphilitis infection may be eradicated with penicillin .
The system integrates information from all of the senses and from the cerebrum and cerebellum and determines the overall activity of the brain and the autonomic nervous system and patterns of behaviors during waking and sleeping .
The system of blood vessels that supplies all parts of the body except the lungs .
The system of dual control of certain activities of the body by means of both nerves and circulating hormones .
The system of nerve pathways in the brain concerned with the level of consciousness from the states of sleep , drowsiness , and relaxation to full alertness and attention .
The system of nerve tracts and pathways connecting the cerebral cortex , basal ganglia , thalamus , cerebellum , reticular formation , and spinal neurones in complex circuits not included in the pyramidal system .
The system was founded by Samuel Hahnemann ( 1755 - 1843 ) at the end of the 18th century and is followed by a minority of doctors in the UK .
The system works in balance with the sympathetic nervous system , the actions of which it frequently opposes .
The table illustrates which blood groups can be used in transfusion for each of the four groups .
The taeniae coli are the longitudinal ribbon - like muscles of the colon .
The tail and tail fibres are responsible for attachment to the bacterial surface and for injection of the DNA core into the host cell .
The tail of a sperm enables it to swim , which is important as a means for reaching and fertilizing the ovum ( although muscular movements of the womb may assist its journey from the vagina ) .
The taking of measurements of the human body or its parts .
The tangled mass of fine branching threads that make up the feeding and growing part of a fungus .
The tapeworm can be expelled from the gut with the anthelmintic mepacrine .
The tarsus articulates with the metatarsals distally and with the tibia and fibula proximally .
The taste buds in the posterior third of the tongue send impulses via the glossopharyngeal nerve .
The team has executive powers , and decisions are made on the basis of consensus with ultimate accountability to the appropriate authority .
The tearing or forcible separation of part of a structure .
The teased - out short fibres of flax , hemp or jute , used in swabs for cleaning , in packs or stupes for the application of poultices , and for a variety of other purposes .
The technique of introducing through the skin , by means of an electric current , charged particles of a drug , so that it reaches a deep site .
The technique enables surgery of previously inaccessible parts of the eye , inner ear , spinal cord , and brain ( e . g . for the removal of tumours and repair of cerebral aneurysms ) , as well as the reattachment of amputated fingers ( necessitating the suturing of minute nerves and blood vessels ) and the reversal of vasectomies .
The technique for recording the electrical activity from different parts of the brain and converting it into a tracing called an electroencephalogram ( EEG ) .
The technique has been used in the diagnosis of tumours of the breast ( mammothermography ) .
The technique involves the recording of slices of the body with an X - ray scanner ( CAT scanner ) .
The technique is commonly used in excising a portion of the cervix of the womb .
The technique is more commonly used in Scandinavia and the USA than in Britain .
The technique is most often applied to obstruction of the carotid arteries or of the arteries that supply the legs .
The technique is used , for example , in the treatment of squint or in repositioning the womb .
The technique is used as a treatment for hysteria , anxiety state , and other neurotic conditions , especially when they are thought to be caused by depression of memories or emotions .
The technique is used for diagnosing various nerve and muscle disorders and assessing progress in recovery from some forms of paralysis .
The technique is used to bring about improvement in the muscles of patients with various forms of paralysis due to nerve disease or muscle disorder .
The technique is used to supplement local anesthesia in nervous patients .
The technique is useful in diagnosing retinal diseases when such things as cataract make it difficult to see the retina or when the disease produces little visible change in the retina .
The technique of examining a fluid - filled part of the body to detect a floating object .
The technique of examining part of the body by tapping it with the fingers or an instrument ( plessor ) and sensing the resultant vibrations .
The technique of examining the body by directing X - rays through it to produce images ( radiographs ) in photographic plates or fluorescent screens .
The technique of examining the breasts for the presence of tumours of other abnormalities by thermorgraphy .
The technique of injecting radio - opaque material into the lymphatic system in a particular region of the body so that X - ray photographs may be taken of the lymph vessels and nodes .
The technique of introducing an endoscope through an incision in the abdominal wall to examine the intestines and other organs within the abdominal cavity .
The technique of protecting tooth pulp that has been exposed by caries , by means of a small metal or celluloid cover .
The technique of recording the movements of an organ , especially the heart , by means of a fluoroscope and a photoelectric recording system .
The technique of separating electrically charged particles , particularly proteins , in a solution by passing an electric current through the solution .
The technique of shining a bright light through part of the body to examine its structure .
The technique of taking a rapid succession of photographs of the fluorescent screen of a fluoroscope , so that the recoded events may be later analyzed .
The technique of taking a rapid succession of X - ray photographs , to capture on film events that occur rapidly during a particular radiographic investigation .
The technique of using radioactive tracers to determine the levels of particular antibodies in the blood .
The technique of using ultrasound waves to determine the position of the placenta during pregnancy .
The technique of using ultrasound waves to map out and study the internal structure of the body .
The technique of using X - rays or ultrasound waves to produce an image of structures at a particular depth within the body , bringing them into sharp focus while deliberately blurring structures at other depths .
The technique used depends upon the site and size of the polyp , but it is often done by cutting across the base using a wire loop ( snare ) through which is passed a coagulating diathermy current .
The teeth have an unusual surface but are not more prone to decay .
The telescoping ( invagination ) of one part of the bowel into another , most common in young children under the age of four .
The telling of elaborate and fictitious stories as if they were true .
The tendency for variations to occur in the genetic composition of small isolated inbreeding populations by chance .
The tendon of the muscles of the calf of the leg ( the gastrocnemius and soleus muscles ) , situated at the back of the ankle and attached to the calcaneus .
The tenth cranial nerve ( X ) , which supplies motor nerve fibres to the muscles of swallowing and parasympathetic fibres to the heart and organs of the chest cavity and abdomen .
The teres major draws the arm towards the body and rotates it inwards .
The teres minor rotates the arm outwards .
The term adamantinoma , formerly used for this tumour , is now no longer in use as it suggests ( incorrectly ) a growth that is as hard as enamel .
The term also includes infections developing among hospital staff .
The term cerebrovascular accident is sometimes given to the clinical syndrome accompanying a sudden and severe attack , which leads to a stroke .
The term community services is also applied to these services , but strictly speaking , hospitals and other residential institutes should be included under the latter heading .
The term does not imply anything about the severity of a disease .
The term dysponea is often used for a sign of laboured breathing apparent to the doctor , breathlessness being used for the subjective feeling of laboured breathing .
The term glans is also applied to the end of the clitoris .
The term has been used to refer to colour blindness in general .
The term has caused confusion in recent years , with many doctors preferring the description rheumatology and rehabilitation for this specialist activity .
The term hepatoma is often , though incorrectly , used to include malignant tumours arising in the bile duct ( cholangiocarcinomas ) .
The term in this sense was originally used by Jung , but it is now widely used in a looser sense to denote an unconscious motive .
The term is also applied to any of the cells undergoing gametogenesis and to the gametes themselves .
The term is also applied to the clitoris in a state of sexual arousal .
The term is also applied to the patient 's accuracy of understanding the development of his personality and his problems .
The term is also applied to the syringe used for such injections , and sometimes loosely to any injection .
The term is also applied to tumours showing a glandular growth pattern .
The term is also applied to various surgical procedures ( for example the application of ligatures or diathermy to cut vessels ) used to stop bleeding .
The term is also used for any tumour of a sebaceous gland .
The term is also used for the muscle or gland itself .
The term is also used in a broader sense to include instruction about bodily function , etc . , so that the public is better informed about health issues .
The term is also used in a less precise sense as an alternative to neuropathy .
The term is also used loosely for any form of blood poisoning .
The term is applied in medicine to certain conditions , such as pathological fractures , that arise in the absence of outside injury ; also to recovery from a disease without the aid of specific treatment .
The term is applied particularly to a compound gland the secretory part of which consists of number of small sacs .
The term is applied particularly to a patient 's recognition that he has psychological problems .
The term is applied particularly to blood vessels or nerve fibres connecting two similar structures .
The term is applied particularly to symptoms and illnesses .
The term is applied particularly to the development of mature germ cells ( ova and sperm ) .
The term is applied particularly to ulcers of skin or mucous membrane .
The term is applied to a fetus from about the 28th week of gestation at which stage it can survive .
The term is applied to a parasitic microorganism ( especially a bacterium ) in relation to its host .
The term is applied to an abnormal uterus that is divided into two separate halves at the upper end .
The term is applied to bone surrounding the apex and to X - ray views of this area .
The term is applied to certain abnormal sounds heard through a stethoscope .
The term is applied to disorders in which muscular activities are affected by cerebral disturbance .
The term is applied to organs whose structure and function have diminished during the course of evolution until only a rudimentary structure exists .
The term is applied to several unrelated conditions , for example , muscular dystrophy and dystrophia adiposogenitalis ( see Frohlich 's syndrome ) .
The term is customarily modified by an adjective showing the particular type of amputation .
The term is most commonly applied to vibrations perceived through the chest when a patient breathes , speaks ( vocal fremitus ) , or coughs .
The term is most commonly used to describe the rhythmical limb movements in convulsive epilepsy ( see grand mal ) .
The term is most often used to describe the very slow beat of the ventricles under the influence of their own natural subsidiary pacemaker ( idioventricular rhythm ) .
The term is not used in any precise or scientific sense .
The term is now obsolete , but roughly corresponds to an intelligence quotient of between 20 and 50 .
The term is now obsolete , but roughly corresponds to an intelligence quotient of less than 20 .
The term is now used only with a modifying adjective .
The term is often applied to the secondary oocyte although this is technically incorrect .
The term is often applied to the vocal cords themselves or to that part of the larynx associated with the production of sound .
The term is often used as a synonym for atherosclerosis ( see atheroma ) .
The term is often used for an epileptic fit , stressing the suddenness of its onset .
The term is often used interchangeably with polyneuropathy although its specific use implies inflammation of the nerves .
The term is often used to mean loss of male physical and emotional characteristics , either as a result of removal of the testes ( castration ) or of emotional stress .
The term is often used to refer to the intensity of sexual desires .
The term is sometimes also used for chloasma and some medical sources also apply the term to pityriasis versicolor - a mild chronic infection of the skin , caused by the fungus Malassezia furfur , that produces discrete depigmented areas on the body .
The term is sometimes loosely used as a synonym for such studies .
The term is sometimes reserved for Alzheimer 's disease and Pick 's disease , but it is important to distinguish these conditions from those brain disease for which curative treatment may be available .
The term is sometimes restricted to the treatment of infectious disease with antibiotics and other drugs or to the control of cancer with antimetabolites and similar drugs ( in contrast to radiotherapy ) .
The term is sometimes used as a synonym for the whole of meiosis .
The term is sometimes used for all tumours that arise in the central nervous system , including astrocytomas , oligodendrogliomas , medulloblastomas , and ependymomas .
The term is sometimes used for any interaction between nonallelic genes .
The term is sometimes used for the condition in which one testicle has been removed surgically or destroyed by injury or disease .
The term is sometimes used loosely for the nephritic syndrome .
The term is used for a type of tumour of the scalp ( cirsoid aneurysm ) , which is an arteriovenous aneurysm .
The term is used for faecal soiling associated with psychiatric disturbance .
The term is used in legal rather than medical contexts .
The term is used particularly for morphine and other derivatives of opium ( see opiate ) but is also applied to other drugs that depress brain function ( e . g . general anaesthetics and hypnotics ) .
The term is used particularly for the point at which nerve fibres cross over in the central nervous system .
The term is usually applied , however , to the medical technique of reducing or abolishing an individual 's sensation of pain to enable surgery to be performed .
The term is usually applied to a nonsecreting stomach ( achylia gastrica ) whose lining is atrophied ( see achlorhydria ) .
The term is usually applied to an abnormal growth of tissue , which may be benign or malignant .
The term is usually applied to bacteria .
The term is usually applied to the tissue that develops into the kidneys and gonads .
The term is usually reserved for the attacks of epilepsy but it is also used more generally , e . g . a fit of coughing .
The term is usually used to describe secondary syphilitic infection of the nervous system .
The term is usually used with reference to cartilage .
The term is usually used to describe the operation to relieve obstruction caused by stenosed valves in the heart .
The term may be applied to the state of a patient in hospital who becomes incontinent and demanding .
The term may be applied to viruses , chemicals , or toxins .
The term may refer to disease organisms or to pathological changes .
The term medicine is sometimes preferred for therapeutic drugs in order to distinguish them from narcotics and other addictive drugs that are used illegally .
The term mental retardation is used as a synonym for mental subnormality .
The term morphology is sometimes used synonymously with anatomy but it is usually used for comparative anatomy : the study of differences in form between species .
The term primary pelvic hydronephrosis is used when the obstruction , usually functional , is at the junction of the renal pelvis and ureter .
The term usually refers to acetylcholinsterase , which breaks down the neurotransmitter acetylcholine into choline and acetic acid .
The term usually refers to either of the palatine tonsils , but below the tongue is another pair , the lingual tonsils .
The term usually refers to ventricular diastole , which lasts about 0.5 seconds in a normal heart rate of about 70 / minute .
The term usually refers to ventricular systole , which lasts about 0.3 seconds .
The terminal branch of an artery , which does not communicate with other branches .
The terminal part of the large intestine , about 12 cm long , which runs from the sigmoid colon to the anal canal .
The terms meningoencephalocele , encephalocele , and cephalocele are used to indicate the protrusion of brain tissue through the skull defect .
The test becomes positive within a month of conception and false positive results are very rare .
The test is not as reliable as the Wassermann reaction , but is useful as confirmation .
The test is used in the diagnosis of haemolytic anaemia ( resulting from the destruction of red blood cells ) .
The testes of the fetus form within the abdomen but descend into the scrotum in order to maintain a lower temperature that favours the production and storage of spermatozoa .
The tests must be completed by the 16th week .
The thalami are relay stations for all the sensory messages that enter the brain , before they are transmitted to the cortex .
The theory of inheritance based on Mendel 's laws .
The theory that schizophrenia is caused in part by abnormalities in the metabolism of dopamine and can be treated in part by drugs ( such as chorpromazine ) that antagonize its action as a neurotransmitter .
The therapeutic application of electromagnetic radiation ( usually alpha , beta , gamma , or X - rays ) to a particular structure .
The thick colourless lubricating fluid that surrounds a joint or a bursa and fills a tendon sheath .
The thick membrane that develops around the mammalian oocyte within the ovarian follicle .
The thickening of certain cell layers in the epidermis causing brown or violet patches in the skin with exaggeration of the normal creases .
The thickest and outermost of the three meninges surrounding the brain and spinal cord .
The thickness of the skin in these areas prevents the eczema vesicles from breaking and eventually the skin peels after a period of intense itching .
The thin delicate membrane that lies at the base of an epithelium .
The thin forward - projecting portion of the anterior lobe of the cerebellum , in the midline .
The thin layer of mesoderm that surrounds the brain of the embryo .
The thing that is feared is very gradually introduced to the patient , first in imagination and then in reality .
The third cranial nerve ( III ) , which is composed of motor fibres distributed to muscles in and around the eye .
The third molar tooth on each side of either jaw , which erupts normally around the age of 20 .
The third stage larva of a parasitic fluke .
The third stage of mitosis and of each division of meiosis .
The third stage of the first prophase of meiosis , in which crossing over begins .
The third tooth from the midline of each jaw .
The thorax bears three pairs of legs and , in most insects , wings ( these are absent in some parasitic groups , such as lice and fleas ) .
The threadlike female worm , some 12 mm long , is larger than the male .
The three connective tissue membranes that line the skull and vertebral canal and enclose the brain and spinal cord ( see illustration ) .
The three main classes of joint are diarthrosis ( freely movable ) , amphiarthrosis ( slightly movable ) , and synarthrosis ( immovable ) .
The three types are described as ectomorphic , mesomorphic , and endomorphic .
The thrombus may become detached from its site of formation and carried in the blood to lodge in another part ( see embolism ) .
The thymus is enclosed in a capsule and divided internally by cross walls into many lobules , each full of lymphocytes ( white blood cells associated with antibody production ) .
The thyrohyoid ligaments form part of the larynx .
The thyroid cartilage forms the Adam 's apple in front of the larynx .
The thyroid gland consists of a large number of closed follicles inside which is a jelly - like colloid , which contains the principle active substances that are secreted by the gland .
The thyroid gland is concerned with regulation of the metabolic rate by the secretion of thyroid hormone , which is stimulated by thyroid - stimulating hormone from the pituitary gland and requires trace amounts of iodine .
The tibialis anterior turns the foot inwards and flexes the toes backwards .
The time at which the onset of sexual maturity occurs and the reproductive organs become functional .
The time in a woman 's life when the ovaries cease to produce an egg cell every four weeks and therefore menstruation ceases and the woman is no longer able to bear children .
The time taken for blood or blood plasma to coagulate ( see blood coagulation ) .
The time taken for the temperature recorded by the thermometer to fall to 95oF gives an index of the air 's cooling power .
The tiny arteries and veins that supply the walls of blood vessels .
The tip of the knife within the eye is observed through a special contact lens .
The tip of the spine formed where projecting processes of the upper jaw bones meet at the front of the face .
The tip or summit of an organ , for example the heart or lung .
The tissue contained within the internal cavities of the bones .
The tissue grows in the artificial medium and can be studied for diagnostic or experimental purposes .
The tissue is then dehydrated in a vacuum for about 72 hours at - 32.5oC .
The tissue is treated with periodic acid , followed by Schiff reagent .
The tissue it supplies is therefore probably completely dependent on it for its blood supply .
The tissue of a tendon sheath that fills up spaces round the tendon .
The tissue section under in investigation , after hydrolysis with dilute hydrochloric acid , is treated with Schiff 's reagent .
The tissue that covers the external surface of the body and lines hollow structures ( except blood and lymphatic vessels ) .
The tissue that forms the wall of the blastocyst .
The tissue that supports , binds , or separates more specialized tissues and organs or functions as a packing tissue of the body .
The tissues likely to suffer in phosphorus poisoning are the liver , kidneys , muscles , bones , and the cardiovascular system .
The tissues that support and attach the teeth : the gums ( see gingiva ) , periodontal membrane , alveolar bone , and cementum .
The title given to a recipient of a higher university degree than a Master 's degree .
The total capacity of the lungs in an adults male is about 5.5 litres , but during normal breathing only about 500ml of air is exchanged ( see also residual volume ) .
The total number of events ( e . g . cases of lung cancer ) expressed as a percentage ( or rate per 1000 , etc . ) of the whole population .
The toxic diffuses along nerves , causing paralysis , and may reach the spinal cord and brain , when it causes violent muscular spasms and the condition of lock - jaw .
The toxic effects of a drug produced by repeated administration of small doses at intervals that are not long enough for it to be either broken down or excreted by the body .
The toxic vapour is produced by boiling formalin in an open container or using it in a sealed autoclave .
The toxin , being rather unstable to heat , is invariably destroyed in cooking .
The toxin is known to produce cancer in certain animals and is suspected of being the cause of liver cancers in human beings living in warm and humid regions of the world , where stored nuts and cereals are contaminated by the fungus .
The toxin selectively affects the central nervous system .
The tracer is injected into the animal , which is killed after a certain period .
The trachea divides into two bronchi ( see bronchus ) , which enter the lungs and branch into bronchioles .
The trachea divides into two main bronchi , which divide successively into five lobar bronchi , 20 segmental bronchi , and two or three more divisions .
The tracing is displayed on an oscilloscope .
The tracing may be recorded on a paper strip or on a screen ( oscilloscope ) .
The tract plays an important part in the control of skilled and dextrous movements .
The training usually takes place at a technical college over three academic terms , the course being approved by the all births are notified to the appropriate health visitor .
The transfer of DNA from one bacterium to another by means of a bacteriophage .
The transfer of liquid from one container to another by means of a bent tube .
The transfusion of an antiserum to treat or give temporary protection against a disease .
The transparent circular part of the front of the eyeball .
The transparent jelly - like material that fills the chamber behind the lens of the eye .
The transparent membrane that surrounds the vitreous humour of the eye , separating it from the retina .
The treatment aims to prevent the development of ophthalmia neonatorum in the infant .
The treatment is similar to that of atheroma but cessation of smoking is essential to prevent progression of the disease .
The treatment is that of the cause ; drugs used to control hypertension are ineffective .
The treatment is that of the cause and complications .
The treatment is that of the underlying cause .
The treatment of anemia depends on the cause .
The treatment of certain disorders by persuading the patient that all is well .
The treatment of disease by bathing , usually in the mineral - containing waters of hot springs .
The treatment of disease by the administration of gold or its compounds .
The treatment of disease with penetrating radiatin , such as X - rays , beta rays , or gamma rays , which may be produced by machines or given off by radioactive isotopes .
The treatment of disorders with infrared or ultraviolet radiation .
The treatment of milk by heating it to 65oC for 30 minutes , or to 72oC for 15 minutes , followed by rapid cooling , to kill such bacteria as those of tuberculosis and typhoid .
The treatment of pericarditis is directed to the cause .
The treatment of physical and psychiatric conditions by encouraging patients to undertaken specific selected activities that will help them to reach their maximum level of function and independence in all aspects of daily life .
The treatment of shock is determined by the cause .
The trophozoite , which has a ring - shaped body and a single nucleus , grows steadily at the expense of the blood cell .
The true epileptic aura is felt as a breeze or coldness passing over the body .
The true skin : the thick layer of living tissue that lies beneath the epidermis .
The tube contains a sharp pointed solid core ( trocar ) , which facilitates its insertion and is withdrawn when the cannula is in place .
The tube is calibrated in degrees , and is designed to register temperature between 35oC ( 95oF ) and 43.5oC ( 110oF ) .
The tube must be kept clean and unblocked .
The tube that conducts urine from the bladder to the exterior .
The tube that connects the middle ear to the pharynx .
The tuber cinereum is a part of the brain situated at the base of the hypothalamus , connected to the stalk of the pituitary gland .
The tubules also contain Sertoli cells , which may nourish developing sperm cells .
The tumour can be treated with X - rays or surgically removed .
The tumour can spread to lymph nodes , lungs , and bone , treatment of which may involve the use of radiotherapy and drugs such as vinblastine , bleomycin , and platinum compounds .
The tumour evolves slowly , radiotherapy is the treatment of choice but chemotherapy may be of value in metastatic disease .
The tumour is sensitive to radiotherapy .
The tumour may also spread to the bones , lungs , and liver .
The tumour may be wrongly diagnosed as stenosis of the mitral valve as it can produce a similar murmur .
The tumour may cause a slight tilt of the head towards the tumour and turning of the face to the other side .
The tumour spreads via the the bloodstream and can often be seen growing along the renal vein .
The tumour usually arises following the development of a similar growth in the stomach or intestine .
The tumours can be felt beneath the skin along the course of the nerves .
The tumours usually harden and may even obstruct the bowel .
The tunica albuginea is a fibrous membrane comprising one of the covering tissues of the ovary , penis , and testis .
The turning inwards or inside - out of a part or organ , commonly applied to the state of the womb after childbirth when its upper part is pulled through the cervical canal .
The turning point of a disease , after which the patient either improves or deteriorates .
The twelfth cranial nerve ( XII ) , which supplies the muscles of the tongue and is therefore responsible for the movements of talking and swallowing .
The two are continuous , forming a closed sac with the organs essentially outside the sac .
The two bands of ectodermal tissue that flank the neural plate of the early embryo .
The two external ( or anterior ) nares are the nostrils , leading from the nasal cavity to the outside .
The two folds of tissue which protrude from the sides of the larynx to from a narrow slit ( glottis ) across the air passage ( see illustration ) .
The two internal ( or posterior ) nares ( choanae ) are the openings leading from the nasal cavity into the pharynx .
The two major chlorophylls , a and b , consist of a porphyrin .
The two most important bile pigments are bilirubin , which is orange or yellow , and its oxidized form biliverdin , which is green .
The two most important disease are Chagas 'disease ( South American trypanosomiasis ) and sleeping sickness ( African trypanosomiasis ) .
The two most important hexosamines are glucosamine and galactosamine .
The two pairs of glands that open at the junction of the vagina and vulva .
The two pubes meet at the front of the pelvis at the pubic symphysis .
The two states of sleep alternate in cycles of from 30 to 90 minute , rem sleep constituting about a quarter of the total sleeping time .
The two strands are wound around each other into a double helix and linked together by hydrogen bonds between the bases of the nucleotides ( see base pairing ) .
The two strands of the DNA molecule unwind and each strand directs the synthesis of a new strand complementary to itself ( see illustration ) .
The two veins join to form the superior vena cava .
The type of deafness can be diagnosed by various hearing tests ( see Rinne 's test , Weber 's test ) , and the treatment depends on the cause .
The type used depends on the condition and size of the damaged area to be treated .
The typical facies seen in adenoids in the vacant look , with the mouth drooping open .
The ulcer , commonly located on the feet and legs , it often infected with spirochaetes and bacteria and may extend deeply and cause destruction of muscle and bones .
The ultimate mental attainment is about that of a five - year - old child , i . e . an IQ of 50 - 60 .
The ultimate precursor of the red cell is the haemopoietic stem cell , but the earliest precursor that can be identified microscopically is the proerythroblast .
The uncomplicated condition subsides quickly with rest and anti - inflammatory analgesics .
The unconscious activities of the brain .
The underlying cause of the nerve damage remains unknown but evidence points to the patient 's abnormal response to a viral infection .
The undifferentiated tissue of the early embryo that forms almost entirely from mesoderm .
The unfixed tissue in frozen and then split with a knife and a layer of ice is sublimed from the exposed surface .
The union of two microorganisms in which genetic material ( DNA ) passes from one organism to the other .
The union of two normally separate surfaces , such as the moving surfaces of joints , by fibrous connective tissue developing in an inflamed or damaged region .
The unit consists of a battery that stimulates the heart through an insulated electrode wire attached to the surface of the ventricle ( epicardial pacemaker ) or lying in contact with the lining of the heart ( endocardial pacemaker ) .
The unit of measurement of the power of refraction of a lens .
The unit of the genetic code that determines the synthesis of one particular amino acid .
The unsteady movements of sensory ataxia are exaggererated when the patient closes his eyes ( see Romberg 's sign ) .
The unsubstantiated theory that mating with one male has an effect on the offspring of later matings with other males .
The unwanted pregnancy rate is about 2 per 100 woman - years .
The unwanted pregnancy rate is less than 1 per 100 woman - years .
The unwanted pregnancy rate is slightly higher with these preparations : 1 - 2 per 100 woman - years .
The upper central region of the abdomen .
The upper end is continuous with the colon and the lower end bears the vermiform appendix .
The upper lateral portion of the abdomen , situated beneath the lower ribs .
The upper part is connected to the two Fallopain tubes and the lower part joins the vagina at the cervix .
The upper part of the trachea lies just below the skin , except where thyroid gland is wrapped around it .
The upper provides a clear image of diatant objects .
The upper section of the breastbone ( see sternum ) .
The ureter becomes swollen and the condition usually results from obstruction of the ureter by a stone or a misplaced artery .
The ureter is reimplanted obliquely through the bladder wall to act as a valve and prevent subsequent reflux .
The ureters are implanted into an isolated segment of bowel , usually ileum but sometimes sigmoid colon , one end of which is brought through the abdominal wall to the skin surface .
The ureters draining the urine from the kidneys are reimplanted into the colon ( see ureterosigmoidostomy ) or into an isolated segment of intestine ( usually the ileus ) , which is brought to the skin surface as a spout ( see ileal conduit ) .
The ureters themselves cannot be used for this purpose as they tend to narrow and retract if brought through the skin .
The urethral meatus is the external opening of the urethra .
The urine becomes dark brown or orange , and bile pigments and bile salts may be detected in it .
The urine is dark , the faeces pale , and the patient may itch .
The urine is passed together with the faeces , and continence depends upon a normal anal sphincter .
The urine may be dark but the faeces retain their colour .
The urine thus formed is conducted from the nephrons via the renal tubules into the renal pelvis and from here to the ureter , which leads to the bladder .
The use of a balancing opposing force during traction , when a strong continuous pull is applied to a limb so that broken bones can be kept in alignment during healing .
The use of antisera prepared in animals carries its own risks ( for example , a patient may become hypersensitive to horse protein ) .
The use of barbiturates with alcohol should be avoided since these drugs reinforce each other , producing serious effects .
The use of cold in the treatment of disorders .
The use of contraception or sterilization ( male or female ) to prevent unwanted pregnancies .
The use of contraception to limit or space out the numbers of children born to a couple .
The use of drugs to stimulate intestinal activity and clear the bowels .
The use of extreme cold in a localized part of the body to freeze and destroy unwanted tissues .
The use of fats as an alternative source of energy leads to disturbances of the acid - base balance , the accumulation of ketones in the bloodstream ( ketosis ) , and eventually to convulsions preceding diabetic coma .
The use of fibres for the transmission of light images .
The use of gases or vapours to bring about disinfestations of clothing , buildings , etc .
The use of heat to alleviate pain and stiffness in joints and muscles and to promote an increase in circulation .
The use of induced rapidly alternating electric currents to stimulate nerve and muscle activity .
The use of lead in paints is now strictly controlled .
The use of mechanical equipment during physiotherapy to produce regularly repeated movement in part of the body .
The use of poison gases and other chemicals , bacteria , viruses , and toxins during war .
The use of reduced pressure to remove unwanted fluids or other material through a tube for disposal .
The use of serum containing known antibodies ( see antiserum ) to treat a patient with an infection or to confer temporary passive immunity upon a person at special risk .
The use of such compounds is generally under strict control .
The use of sunlight to promote healing ; sunbathing .
The use of the hands to produce a desired movement or therapeutic effect in part of the body .
The use of the methods of behaviourist psychology ( see behaviourism ) , especially operant conditioning to alter people 's behaviour .
The use of the test for the diagnosis of brain damage is no longer generally supported .
The use of ultra - sound waves generated inside the body from an extremely small source , such as the tip of a needle or a bubble within the tissues .
The use of ultrasound to examine the internal structure of the body by producing images of the reflections from different depths .
The use of ultrasound to produce pictures of structures within the body .
The use of ultrasound waves to determine the position of structures within the body , such as the position of a fetus within the womb or the midline of the brain within the skull .
The use of ultrasound waves to investigate and display the action of the heart as it beats .
The use of water in the treatment of disorders .
The usual cause is infection spreading down the vas deferens from the bladder or urethra , resulting in pain , swelling , and redness of the affected half of the scrotum .
The usual cause is local bacterial infection , often by staphylococci , that the body 's defenses have failed to overcome .
The usual source of such a hemorrhage is a cerebral aneurysm that has burst .
The usual symptoms are diarrhoea , sometimes with blood and mucus , and lower abdominal pain .
The usual symptoms are rashes , fever , joint pains , and enlargement of the lymph nodes .
The usually technique is gastroduodenostomy .
The uterus has an inner mucous lining ( endometrium ) and a thick wall of smooth muscle ( myometrium ) .
The vaccine is administered as a droplet left in contact with the scarified area .
The vagus nerve slows the heart and reduces its output , but sympathetic nerves increase the rate and output of the heart and increase blood pressure by causing the constriction of small blood vessels at the same time .
The vagus reduces the rate at which the heart beats , and so lowers its output .
The valve in the heart between the right atrium and right ventricle .
The variation in colour produced in certain tissue elements that are stained with the same dye .
The various systems of healing that are not regarded as part of orthodox treatment by the medical profession .
The vascular pigmented layer of the eye , which lies beneath the outer layer ( sclera ) .
The vasomotor centre also receives impulses from elsewhere in the brain , so that emotion ( such as fear ) may also influence the heart rate and blood pressure .
The vast network of cells specialized to carry information ( in the form of nerve impulses ) to and from all parts of the body in order to bring about bodily activity .
The vein walls become thickened and feel like cords under the skin .
The veins draining most of the blood from the lower limbs and pelvic region .
The veins in the neck become engorged and fluid accumulates in the tissues ( see oedema ) .
The ventricles then contract very strongly and pump blood out through the aorta and pulmonary artery .
The vernier scale is graduated into divisions equal to nine - tenths of the smallest unit market on the main scale .
The vernier scale is often adjusted by means of a screw thread .
The vertebrae and ribs retain the segmented structure , which is lost in the skull and limbs .
The vertical overlap of the upper incisor teeth over the lower ones .
The vessel wall is only one cell thick , which enables exchange of oxygen , carbon dioxide , water , salt , etc . , between the blood and the tissues ( see illustrations ) .
The vestibule of the ear is the cavity of the bony labyrinth that contains the saccule and utricle - the organs of equilibrium .
The vestigial remains of part of the embryonic mesonephros that are found near the testis of the adult .
The vestigial remains of part of the mesonephric duct in the female , situated next to each ovary .
The vibratory effect of these sound waves can also be used in the treatment of various disorders of deep tissue , and even to break up stones in the kidney or elsewhere .
The victim 's hair is likely to fall out and does not grow again .
The vincula tendinum are threadlike bands of synovial membrane that connect the flexor tendons of the fingers and toes to their point of insertion on the phalanges .
The virus causes degeneration of the tissues of the liver and kidneys .
The virus is excreted in the faeces of an infected person and the disease is therefore most common where sanitation is poor .
The virus that causes herpes zoster can also cause chickenpox in children .
The virus thought to be the causative agent of glandular fever .
The viruses , principally HIV ( human immunodeficiency virus ) , are transmitted in blood , semen , and vaginal fluid , and in western countries .
The viruses are transmitted by coughing and sneezing .
The visual record of this technique is called a tomogram ( see also orthopantomogram ) .
The visual recording of these reflected waves is called an echogram .
The vitamin can be absorbed only in the presence of intrinsic factor , a protein secreted in the stomach .
The vitamin is found in most foods and a deficiency is therefore rare .
The volatile tarry material also released during smoking contains chemicals known to produce cancer in animals .
The volume of air that remains in the lungs after individual has breathed out as much as he can .
The volume of the red cells in blood , expressed as a fraction of the total volume of the blood .
The wall of the embryonic gut , which consists of a layer of endoderm with a layer of mesoderm outside it .
The wall of the vagina is sufficiently elastic to allow the passage of the newborn child .
The walls of arteries contain smooth muscle fibres , which contract or relax under the control of the sympathetic nervous system .
The walls of the ureters contain thick layers of smooth muscle , which contract to force urine into the bladder , between an outer fibrous coat and an inner mucous layer .
The walls of veins consist of three tissue layers , but these are much thinner and less elastic than those of arteries ( see illustration ) .
The Wassermann reaction for diagnosis of syphilis is a complement fixation test .
The wasting away of a normally developed organ or tissue due to degeneration of cells .
The water - soluble group includes the vitamin B complex and vitamin C .
The watery fluid secreted by the sweat glands .
The watery fluid that fills the chamber of the eye immediately behind the cornea and in front of the lens .
The waxy material that is secreted by the sebaceous glands in the external auditory meatus of the outer ear .
The way in which the body or part of the body reacts to a stimulus .
The weakening or blunting of normal sensations .
The wearer can see clearly at any distance by lowering or raising his eyes to look through an appropriate part of the lens .
The wearing down of the cartilage at the articulating surface of a bone , exposing the underlying bone .
The wearing of the teeth , particularly at the necks by overvigorous brushing .
The white fibrous outer layer of the eyeball .
The white threadlike adult female , 60 - 120 cm long , livers in the connective tissue .
The whitish crescent - shaped area at the base of a nail .
The whitish crescent - shaped area at the base of the body is called the lunula .
The whole region of the ankle joint , including the tarsus and the lower parts of the tibia and fibula . .
The whole region of the wrist joint , including the carpus and lower parts of the radius and ulna .
The with drawal of fluid from the body by means of suction using an instrument called an aspirator .
The woman may also experience morning sickness .
The womb ( see metroptosis ) and rectum are most commonly affected by this condition .
The womb becomes swollen , which causes breathlessness , excess fluid in the body tissues , and other symptoms in the woman , and there may be a difficult birth .
The womb usually drops under the influence of gravity because the supporting tissues are weak or damaged , especially in women who have given birth .
The wood tick , D . andersoni , transmits Rocky Mountain spotted fever to man in the western USA .
The word applies particularly to trance states dominated by religious thinking .
The word is often broadened to mean public flaunting of any quality of the individual .
The word is particularly applied to infants just born or in the first week of life .
The word is sometimes used loosely for all forms of behaviour that lead to pain or humiliation .
The worm possesses two pairs of sharp cutting plates inside its mouth cavity , which enable it to feed on the blood and tissues of the gut wall .
The wormlike larva of a fly , which occasionally infests human tissues ( see myiasis ) .
The worms , transmitted to man by various mosquitoes ( including Aedes , Culex , Anopheles , and Mansonia ) , bring about inflammation and eventual blocking of lymph vessels , which causes the surrounding tissues to swell ( see elephantiasis ) .
The worms can be eliminated with tetrachloroethylene .
The worms do not cause any serious lesions of the gut wall although , rarely , they may provoke appendicitis .
The worms may also invade the tissues of the gut wall , giving rise to abscesses .
The worms suck blood from the gut wall , to which they are attached by means of cutting teeth .
The worms travel to the lungs in the bloodstream and from there pass via the windpipe and gullet to the small intestine .
The wound is left open until it has healed by granulation .
The X - ray is called an angiocardiogram .
The X - ray photographs or films thus obtained are known as cystograms .
The X - ray pictures obtained from these procedures are called pyelograms .
The X - rays obtained are called myelograms .
The X - shaped structure formed by the two optic nerves , which pass backwards from the eyeballs to meet in the midline beneath the brain , near the pituitary gland ( see illustration ) .
The yellow pigment of the corpus luteum .
The yolk sac is continuation of this structure .
Their accumulation in the blood occurs in kidney failure and results in nausea , vomiting , lethargy , drowsiness , and eventually ( if untreated ) dealth .
Their bite cases intense irritation and a severe dermatis .
Their bites are not only a nuisance but may become a focus of infection .
Their cause is unknown and only palliative treatment is available .
Their controlled interference with the expiratory air flow produces audible vibrations that make up speech , song , and all other vocal noises .
Their ducts ( Wharton 's ducts ) open in two papillae under the tongue , on either side of the frenulum .
Their ducts open directly onto the surface of the skin and they are densest on the soles of the feet and the palms of the hands .
Their flattened leathery bodies are resistant to crushing and their mouthparts are adapted for sucking blood .
Their function is to absorb the products of digestion and they greatly increase the surface area over which this can take place .
Their function is to lubricate the entrance to the vagina during coitus .
Their main functions are in heredity and protein synthesis .
Their muscular walls are thinner than those of the ventricles .
Their muscular walls can constrict to reduce blood flow or dilate to allow blood through to these areas .
Their presence can sometimes be used to diagnose such an infection .
Their presence in the urine indicates continued activity of the disease .
Their secretion contributes to the seminal fluid , but less than that of the prostate gland or seminal vesicles .
Their secretions lubricate the vulva and so assist penetration by the peins during coitus .
Their uses include the diagnosis and treatment of myasthenia gravis ( see also parasympathomimetic ) .
Theophylline preparations , particularly aminophylline , are used mainly to control bronchial asthma .
Theorists have speculated that some events ( such as birth ) are always traumatic .
Therapy in which people with the same problem , such as alcoholism , meet and discuss together their difficulties and possible ways of overcoming them .
There appears to be an inherited tendency to diabetes , the disorder may be triggered by various factors , including physical stress .
There are eight essential amino acids : tryptophan , lysine , phenylalanine , threonine , valine , methionine , leucine , and isoleucine .
There are few adverse reactions from external application .
There are few serious side - effects , but some patients are allergic to penicillin and develop such reactions as skin rashes , swelling of the throat , and fever .
There are few side - effects , but drowsiness or dizziness may occur .
There are four different types of tooth ( see canine , incisor , premolar , molar ) .
There are four in the U . K : Broadmoor , Rampton , Moss Side , and Carstairs .
There are four main histological types : well - differentiated , myxoid , pleomorphic , and round - cell liposarcomas , the first two of which are the most sensitive to treatment .
There are in addition several kinds of tick typhus ( in which the rickettsiae are transmitted by ticks ) , including Rocky Mountain spotted fever , and typhus transmitted by mites ( see rickettsial pox , scrub typhus ) .
There are in addition the grades of Principal Nursing Officer , who has responsibility for part of the nursing organization within a hospital or in community nursing , and Senior Nursing Officer , who is responsible for a group of nurses caring for a designated specialty ( e . g . surgical ) .
There are many artificially produced isotopes , including iodine - 131 and cobalt - 60 , which are used in radiotherapy .
There are many causes , including paranoid schizophrenia , manic - depressive psychosis , organic psychoses such as alcoholism , paraphrenia , and severe emotional stress .
There are many causes of cardiac arrest but the most common cause is myocardial infarction .
There are many different approaches to psychotherapy , including psychoanalysis , client centred therapy , and group therapy .
There are many different types of naevi .
There are many other varieties of acne , some being caused by contact with chemical substances ( such as tar ) .
There are many types of breathing in which the rhythm , rate , or character is abnormal .
There are many varieties of cysts occurring in different parts of the body .
There are more than 30 blood group systems , one of the most important of which is the ABO system .
There are no drugs available for changing sexual orientation , although it is possible to depress the sexual drive .
There are no other changes , but the white patches , which appear anywhere , grow in size until much of the body is affected .
There are no rods or cones in this area and hence it does not register light .
There are normally 0.03 - 0.15 x 109 basophils per litre of blood .
There are normally 0.04 - 0.4 x 109 eosinophils per litre of blood .
There are normally 0.2 - 0.8 x 109 monocytes per litre of blood .
There are normally 1.5 - 4.0 x 109 lymphocytes per litre of blood .
There are normally 150 - 400 x 109 platelets per litre of blood .
There are normally 2.0 - 7.5 x 109 neutrophils per litre of blood .
There are normally about 5 x 1012 erythrocytes per litre of blood .
There are often no symptoms in the early stages of the disease , when diagnosis is made on X - ray examination .
There are openings in the diaphragm through which the ossophagus , blood vessels , and nerves pass .
There are probably many causative factors , some of which are known , for example , cigarette smoking is associated with lung cancer , radiation with some bone sarcomas and leukaemia .
There are several different forms of arthritis affecting children , and some authorities confine the diagnosis of Still 's disease to the following : a disease of childhood marked by arthritis ( often involving several joints ) with a swinging fever and a transitory red rash .
There are several different types imperforate anus , including developmental anal stenosis , persistent anal membrane , and covered anus ( due to fused genital folds ) .
There are several similar drugs prepared P . notatum ( see benethamine penicillin , benzathine penicillin ) and a number of antibiotics derived from the penicillins ( including ampicillin and cloxacilin ) , known as semi - synthetic penicillins .
There are several systems of analysis used by different schools of psychology ; for example , psychoanalysis ; transactional analysis , in which people 's relationship are explained in psychoanalytic terms ; and functional analysis , in which a particular kind of behavious is thoroughly described with reference to its frequency , its antecedents , and its consequences .
There are several types , the simplest consisting of a curved blunt metal blade , used to press the tongue out of the line of vision , and a small light to illuminate the field .
There are several types ; for example , benign familial pemphigus , which is a hereditary condition ; and pemphigus vulgaris , a rare serious disease occurring in middle age and initially affecting the mucous membranes .
There are several types ; for example , xanthomata palpebrarum , in with the plaques appear on the eyelids in the elderly ( see xanthelasma ) .
There are several types of retractors for different operations ( see illustration ) .
There are strong genetic factors in the causation , and environmental stress can precipitate illness .
There are three clinically distinct forms : amyotrophic lateral sclerosis ( ALS ) , progressive muscular atrophy , and progressive bulbar palsy .
There are three main genera : Microsporum , Epidermophyton , and Trichophyton .
There are three main histological types of cells : alpha , beta , and D - cells .
There are three pairs of salivary glands : the parotid glands , sublingual glands , and submandibular glands ( see illustration ) .
There are three regions : the decidua capsularis , a thin layer that covers the embryo ; the decidua basalis where the embryo is attached ; and the decidua parietalis , which is not in contact with the embryo .
There are three types : hyaline cartilage , elastic cartilage , and fibrocartilage ( see illustration ) .
There are three types of muscle : striated muscle , attached to the skeleton ; smooth muscle , which is found in such tissues as the stomach , gut , and blood vessels ; and cardiac muscle , which forms the walls of the heart .
There are three varieties : the cardiac , fundic ( oxyntic ) , and pyloric glands , and they secrete gastric juice .
There are thus four canines , two in each jaw , in both the permanent and deciduous dentitions .
There are two clinical types of the disease .
There are two components : Fehling 's I ( a copper sulphate solution ) and Fehling 's II ( a solution of potassium sodium tartrate and sodium hydroxide ) , which are kept separate until requires for use .
There are two families : Argasidae ( soft ticks ) , including Ornithodoros , with mouthparts invisible from above and no hard shield ( scutum ) on the dorsal surface ; and Ixodidae ( hard ticks ) , including Dermacentor , Haemaphysalis , and Rhipicephalus , with clearly visible mouthparts and a definite scutum .
There are two forms , both of which are administered by injection .
There are two groups , the G agents and the V agents .
There are two main groups of corticosteroids .
There are two main groups of glands : the exocrine glands , which discharge their secretions by means of ducts , and the endocrine glands , which secrete their products - hormones - directly into the bloodstream .
There are two main kinds : ( 1 ) the Barr body , a small object that stains with basic dyes , found on the edge of the nucleus just inside the nuclear membrane ; ( 2 ) a drumstick - like appendage to the nucleus in neutrophils ( a type of white blood cell ) .
There are two ovaries , situated in the lower abdomen , one on each side of the womb ( see reproductive system ) .
There are two principal forms of the disease : North American blastomycosis ( Gilchrist 's disease ) , caused by B . dermatitidis , and South American blastomycosis , caused by B . brasiliensis .
There are two principal forms of the disease : visceral leishmaniasis , in which the cells of various internal organs are affected ( see kalaazar ) ; and cutaneous leishmaniasis , which affects the tissues of the skin .
There are two thyroid hormones , triiodothyronine and thyroxine .
There are two types , both applied to the cornea after a drop of local anaesthetic has been put in the eye .
There are two types used for surgery : subarachnoid and epidural .
There are two varieties of the species affecting man : P . humanus capitis , the head louse ; and P . humanus corporis , the body louse .
There are usually associated physical handicaps and there is always physical damage of the brain .
There are usually no toxic effects , but nausea and vomiting commonly occur after its use .
There are various types of aspirator : some employ hollow needles for removing fluid from cysts , inflamed joint cavities , etc .
There are very many causes of intellectual subnormality , including Down 's syndrome , inherited metabolic disorders , brain injury , and gross psychological deprivation .
There is a broad spectrum of malignancy , with prognosis ranging from a few months to many years .
There is a characteristic brown ring in the cornea ( the Kayser - Fleischer ) .
There is a concave depression ( iliac fossa ) on the inside of the pelvis .
There is a constant risk of damage to the meninges , with resulting infection .
There is a constant risk of infections and this condition is accompanied by paralysis and numbness of the legs and urinary incontinence .
There is a genetically inherited predisposition to the illness .
There is a reduced flow of arterial blood from the heart , which in extreme cases results in peripheral circulatory failure ( cardiogenic shock ) .
There is a Royal London Homeopathic Hospital .
There is a wide variety of suturing techniques developed to meet the differing circumstances of injuries to and incisions in the body tissues ( see illustration ) .
There is abrupt loss of consciousness , absence of the pulse , and breathing stops .
There is also a small risk that blood clots may form in the veins , especially those of the legs ( which may lead to pulmonary embolism ) , or that prolonged use of hormonal contraceptives may reduce fertility .
There is an inherited tendency to varicose veins but obstruction to blood flow is responsible in some cases .
There is considerable swelling of the eyelids of one or both eyes .
There is doubt as to whether hysteria constitutes a clinical entity .
There is enlargement of the heart , murmurs , embolism , and frequently arrhythmias .
There is evidence that prolonged use may cause brain damage and lead the user onto hard drugs , such as heroin .
There is intense itching until the skin eventually peels .
There is loss of protein in the urine and impaired kidney function .
There is nervous degeneration in both forms of the disease and death from heart failure is often the outcome .
There is no curative treatment at this stage , but the patient may be helped by the control of heart failure and polycythaemia .
There is no detectable structural disease ; the symptoms are caused by abnormal muscular contractions in the colon .
There is no dividing line on the lens as there is between the upper and lower segments of bifocal lenses .
There is no known cure and treatment is palliative with lotions or ointments .
There is no reason why a child born alive before the 28th week should not survive if properly nurtured , though the small size will greatly increase the risk of neonatal death ( see infant mortality rate ) .
There is no recognizable structural damage to the brain , although repeated concussion eventually causes symptoms suggesting brain damage .
There is no resistance to passive movements , which distinguishes it from flexibilities cereal .
There is no satisfactory treatment , but patients with this disease are resistant to infection with Plasmodium falciparum , which causes a serious form of malaria .
There is no specific treatment , and the patient may become dependent on oxygen .
There is no specific treatment , apart from measures to relieve the symptoms : cases of bulbar polio may require the use of a respirator .
There is no specific treatment apart from aspirin and codeine to relieve the symptoms .
There is no specific treatment for this cosmopolitan disease although surgical removal of cysticerci may be necessary to relieve pressure on the brain .
There is no statutory requirement forcing patients to use the hospital ( s ) of their area , but a code of zoning practice exists for some specialties ( e . g . geriatrics , mental illness ) .
There is no structural disease and the pain is probably due to muscle spasm .
There is often also an increase in the numbers of white blood cells and platelets .
There is often no specific treatment but patients improve following the control of heart failure and arrhythmias .
There is often severe illness affecting the entire body and the condition may be complicated by enlargement of the spleen and lymph nodes and inflammation of the pericardium and iris .
There is pain and burning in the throat , intense thirst , and diarrhoea , with dizziness , weakness , and convulsions .
There is selective damage to the motor and sensory nerve fibres in the spinal cord , resulting in spasticity of the limbs and a sensory ataxia .
There is some evidence that EEG patterns of psychopaths are abnormal .
There is sometimes a line for 4 meters .
There is sometimes forewarning of an attack ( an aura ) consisting of flickering bright lights or blurring of vision , which clears up as the headache develops .
There is spasm in the muscles of the shoulders , neck , and trunk .
There is speculation that a rapid turnover of brown fat occurs to balance excessive intake of food and unnecessary production of white fat ( making up the bulk of adipose tissue ) .
There may also be excessive menstrual bleeding and pain in the lower regions of the back and abdomen .
There may be a leak of cerebrospinal fluid at the site of the fracture , manifested as a watery discharge from the nose .
There may be no symptoms , but when very slow heart and pulse rates occur the patient may develop heart failure or Stokes - Adams syndrome .
There may be numbness and weakness in the leg .
There may be pain at the injection site , and progestogens taken by mouth are often preferred .
There may be secondary infection due to scratching .
There may be some abdominal pain while the parasite is in the gut but generally there no symptoms .
There may be two or more genetically different populations of cells .
Therefore an increase in body temperature causes an increase in sweating .
These activities are designed to make the best use of the patient 's capabilities and are based on individual requirements .
These and other abnormal presentations may cause complications during childbirth , and an attempt may be made to correct them ( see cephalic version ) .
These and other changes are brought about by a hormone ( progesterone ) produced at first by the ovary and later by the placenta .
These aneurysms may rupture , causing cerebral haemorrhage .
These approaches share the views that the relationship between therapist and client is of prime importance , that the goal is to help personal development and self - understanding generally rather than to remove symptoms , and that the therapist does not direct the client 's decisions .
These are all irreversible treatments and are therefore reserved for the most severe and intractable of symptoms , particularly severe chronic anxiety , depression , and untreatable pain .
These are called nystagmoid jerks and they do not imply disease .
These are dependent upon the normal function of the whole nervous system and incoordination may be result from a disorder in any part of it .
These are features of chronic heart failure due to profound anaemia .
These are known as nuclides and are used extensively in radiotherapy for the treatment of cancer .
These are long , thin , and branching and are composed primarily of an albumin - like protein , elastin .
These are normal products of lipid metabolism and can be used to provide energy .
These are normally just audible but become much louder ( bronchophony ) if the lung under the stethoscope is consolidated , when they resemble the sounds heart over the trachea and main bronchi .
These are probably an allergic reaction to the worms ' waste products , and they sometimes lead to fever and itching .
These are transformed into mature spermatozoa by the process of spermiogenesis .
These are usually symmetrically arranged along a line between the mid point of the collar bone and the pelvis ( the nipple line ) .
These bands may follow the course of nerves .
These blood - vessel birthmarks include the strawberry mark , which usually disappears in early life , and the port - wine stain , which does not disappear and it best left untreated .
These bore through the intestinal wall and can cause disease ( see trichinosis ) .
These can occur in any condition causing hallucinations but are most typical of delirium tremens .
These changes also occur in some women taking oral contraceptives .
These changes are brought about by an increase in sex hormone activity due to stimulation of the ovaries and testes by pituitary hormones .
These changes include loss of activity ( in the case of enzymes ) and loss ( or alteration ) of antigenicity ( in the case of antigens ) .
These chelates are constituents of haemoglobin , myoglobin , the cytochromes , and chlorophyll , and are thus important in many reduction reactions in all living organisms .
These chemicals are derived oil and tar products .
These compounds - which include putrescine , cadaverine , and neurine - were formerly thought to be responsible for food poisoning , but although they are often associated with toxic bacteria they themselves are harmless .
These contain cell bodies but no synapses .
These controlled drugs include the natural opiates and their synthetic substitutes , many stimulants ( including amphetamine , cocaine , and pemoline ) , hallucinogens such as LSD and cannabis , and the sedative methaqualone .
These courses , covering a wide range of skilled and semiskilled occupations and lasting about six months , may be held at colleges , special skill centres , or at the premises of potential employers .
These degrees or diplomas and one year 's hospital experience are required by the GMC before they will register a person as a doctor .
These disorders include acquired haemolytic anaemia , pernicious anaemia , rheumatic fever , rheumatoid arthritis , glomerulonephritis , and several forms of thyroid dysfunction , including Hashimoto 's disease .
These divide further and terminate in minute air sac ( see alveolus ) , the sites of gaseous exchange ( see illustration ) .
These do not invade the deeper tissues of the body .
These drugs , which include chlortetracycline , doxycycline , oxtytetracycline , and tetracycline , are effective against a wide range of bacterial infections .
These drugs are given by mouth and are used in the treatment of diabetes mellitus .
These drugs are often administered as aerosols , giving rapid relief , but at high doses they may stimulate the heart .
These drugs are useful in treating a variety of different depressive symptoms .
These episodes can be precipitated by upsetting events but are out of proportion to these causes .
These features of the disease ( radiological spondylosis ) may not be accompanied by any signs and symptoms .
These fluctuations are not as great as those of manic - depressive psychosis .
These forms are important in the transmission of disease ( see vector ) .
These genes are described as sex - linked .
These glands develop in the hair follicles and appear after puberty has been reached .
These granules are normally removed by the spleen and siderocytes are characteristically seen when the spleen is absent .
These granules contain the chemicals heparin , histamine , and serotonin , which are released during inflammation and allergic responses .
These include interactions with other drugs ( e . g . ephedrine , amphetamine ) and foods containing tyramine ( e . g . cheese ) to produce a sudden increase in blood pressure .
These include preparations taken by mouth , such as ferrous sulphate , and those administered by injection , such an iron dextran .
These include unsteady gait and shaky movements of the limbs ( ataxia ) , rapid involuntary movements of the eyes ( nystagmus ) , defects in speech pronunciation ( dysarthria ) , spastic weakness , and retrobulbar neuritis .
These itch intensely and may last for hours or days ; the cause is sensitivity to certain foods , such as shellfish or strawberries .
These lead directly to the inferior vena cava , draining blood from the liver .
These may also be small sporadic outbreaks of the condition without any obvious cause .
These may have arisen spontaneously or they may be induced by the examiner .
These may take several months to appear , and if secondary bacterial infection occurs they may degerate into abscesses .
These movements may be simple and repetitive , such as hand clapping , or they may be so complex as to mimic a person 's normal conscious activities .
These patterns are formed by skin ridges , the distribution of which is unique to each individual .
These patterns are sometimes conceptualized as different categories ( see personality disorder ) and sometimes as different dimensions ( see extroversion , neuroticism ) .
These permit the passage into the liver cells of nutrients absorbed by blood from the intestines .
These pills are taken every day for three weeks and then stopped for a week , during which time menstruation occurs .
These processes can then be subject to operant conditioning .
These readings indicate the ability of the patient 's body to utilize glucose .
These receptors are important for coordinated muscular movement .
These records are then integrated by computer to give a cross sectional image .
These sacs give the placenta the appearance of a bunch of grapes .
These secondary growths often resolve completely after radiological treatment .
These side - effects are most likely to occur with broad - spectrum antibiotics ( those active against a wide variety of organisms ) .
These side - effects are reduced by unilateral treatment , in which the current is passed only through the nondominant hemisphere of the brain .
These solutions contain specific concentrations of substances that are vital for normal tissue function ( e . g . sodium , potassium , calcium , chloride , magnesium , bicarbonate , and phosphate ions , glucose , and oxygen ) .
These specific disabling fears are known as phobias .
These stages reflect the parts of the body on which sexual interest is concentrated during childhood development .
These staining differences are based on variations in the structure of the cell wall in the two groups .
These structures are hidden behind the sclera just beyond the edge of the cornea and are not accessible to direct viewing .
These symptoms include inflammation of the tongue and lips and sores in the corners of the mouth .
These symptoms recur in a usually milder form after an interval of two or three days .
These systems involve the interaction of a variety of substances ( coagulation factors ) and lead to the production of the enzyme thromboplastin , which converts the soluble blood protein fibrinogen to the insoluble protein fibrin .
These tumours are relatively insensitive to radiotherapy and cytotoxic drugs but some respond to such hormones as progestogens and testosterone .
These tumours may be subclassified according to the substances that they produce , for example mucus secreting and serous adenocarcinomas ; or to the microscopical arrangement of their cells into patterns , for example papillary and follicular adenocarcinomas .
These tumours may deteriorate into deep ulcers .
These tumours may occur in any part of the body , as they arise in the tissues that make up an organ rather than being restricted to a particular organ .
These two properties are utilized in the prevention of chemotherapy induced sickness .
These very small tubes easily become blocked with mucopus , which prevents air from reaching the alveoli of the lungs .
These viruses which were accordingly termed enteric cytopathic human orphan .
These waste products are normally excreted by the kidneys in urine .
They abolished the old system of certification and established a legal framework for voluntary treatment of the mentally ill on the same basic as other patients .
They act as shock absorbers , protecting the brain and spinal cord from the impact produced by running and other movements .
They act as stem cells in the walls of the seminiferous tubules , dividing continuously by mitosis and giving rise to spermatocytes .
They act by increasing the bronchial secretion or make it less viscous ( see mucolytic ) .
They all respond to treatment with chloramphenicol or tetracyclines .
They also ensure that the families of handicapped children receive maximum support from health and social services and that such children achieve their maximum potential in the preschool period .
They also offer a befriending service to support exceptionally distressed clients through a serious crisis .
They anchor and probably nourish the developing germ cells , especially the spermatids , which become partly embedded within them .
They are actually plerocercoids , but the generic Sparganum is given to them since they fail to develop into adults and definite classification of the species is not possible from the larvae alone .
They are also clasified according to the type of white cell that is proliferating abnormally ; for example lympho - blastic leukaemia ( see lymphoblast ) and acute myeloblastic leukaemia ( see myeloblast ) ( see also myeloid leukaemia ) .
They are also used in mouth washes , throat lozenges , eye drops , etc . , and in antiperspirants .
They are antidepressants , whose use is now restricted because of the severity of their side - effects .
They are characterized by spasticity of the limbs and cerebellar ataxia .
They are cholic acid , deoxycholic acid , glycocholic acid and taurocholic acid .
They are chromaffin cells , like those of the adrenal gland , and may secrete adrenaline .
They are classified according to their structure and function ( see immunoglobulin ) .
They are classified as supraventricular if they originate in the atria and venticilar if they arise from a focus in the ventricles .
They are composed of a collagen - like protein ( reticulin ) and are particularly common in lymph nodes , the spleen , liver , kidneys , and muscles .
They are composed of lymphoid tissue and act as filters for the lymph , preventing foreign particles from entering the bloodstream .
They are concentrated and stored in the lower part of the epididymis until ejaculation .
They are concerned with balance and each canal registers movement in a different plane .
They are conventionally given Roman numbers , as follows : I olfactory ; II optic ; III oculomotor ; IV trochlear ; V trigeminal ; VI abducens ; VII facial ; VIII vestibulocochlear ; IX glossopharyngeal ; X vagus ; XI accessory ; XII hypoglossal . .
They are derived from some of the excretory tubules of the embryonic mesonephros .
They are dispersed at at fertilization by the contents of the acrosome .
They are each formed by the union of the internal and external iliac veins .
They are embedded in the submucosa and secrete mucus .
They are entirely responsible for the financial management of their own practices .
They are especially sensitive to changes in pressure and so detect vibration particularly well .
They are found in fermenting animal and plant products , especially dairy products , and in the alimentary tract and vagina .
They are found in soil ( particularly when enriched with pigeon droppings ) , and they are common in pigeon roosts and nests .
They are glycolipids , containing sphingosine , a fatty acid , and a sugar ( usually galactose or glucose ) .
They are harmful to living tissues and can be used to sterilize certain materials .
They are important medically as a source of such antibiotics as streptomycin , actinomycin , chloramphenicol , and neomycin .
They are included in the paramyxovirus group ( see myxovirus ) .
They are included in the picornavirus group .
They are included within the picornavirus group .
They are involved in immunity and can be subdivided into B - lymphocytes , which produce antibodies , and T - lymphocytes , which are involved in graft rejection , etc .
They are involved in recycling nitrogen , converting nitrates to ammonia or free nitrogen .
They are involved with the regulation of voluntary movements at a subconscious level .
They are known as either primary or secondary spermatocytes according to whether they are undergoing the first or second division of meiosis .
They are lined with columnar epithelium in which various types of secretory cells are found .
They are located in the epithelium that covers the surface of the tongue , lying in the grooves around the papllae , particularly the circumvallate papillae .
They are manufactured by plants and obtained by animals and man from the diet , being one of the three main constituents of food ( see also fat , protein ) .
They are marked by weakness and wasting of selected muscles : the affected muscle fibres degenerate and are replaced by fatty tissue .
They are normally formed round joints and in places where ligaments and tendons pass over bones .
They are normally present in the alimentary and urinogenital tracts of mammals and are found in the mouth , particularly in dental plaque associated with periodontal disease .
They are not normally heard in healthy lungs but their interpretation is somewhat controversial .
They are not visible with ordinary light microscopy and are best seen using dark - ground microscopy .
They are nurses specially trained in the care of these artificial openings and the appliances used with them .
They are of the same sex and otherwise genetically identical .
They are often found in cells damaged by radiation .
They are often present in patients with allergic rhinitis , in whom they may develop in response to long - term antigenic stimulation .
They are only used for severe pain since they cause dependence .
They are paid by item of service and the contact with a patient is for a course of treatment only .
They are parasites of animals , and some species are normal inhabitants of the respiratory tract of man .
They are parasites of mammals , birds , and fish .
They are particularly abundant in the armpits , on the soles of the feet and palms of the hands , and on the forehead .
They are particularly concerned with the formation of bile and are often seen to contain fragments of red blood cells and pigment granules derived from the breakdown of haemoglobin .
They are particularly numerous in the placenta , where they provide an extensive area for the exchange of oxygen , carbon dioxide , food , and waste products between maternal and fetal blood .
They are produced by deceptive qualities of the stimulus and are in no way pathological .
They are produced within living cells and may act either within the cell ( as in cellular respiration ) or outside it ( as in digestion ) .
They are rarely used in practice today .
They are reduced to NADH and NADPH , respectively .
They are regarded by some authorities as primitive bacteria .
They are responsible for movements of the thigh .
They are responsible for raising the first and second ribs in inspiration and for bending the neck forward and to either side .
They are responsible for the souring of milk .
They are seen in certain anaemias in which red cell production is impaired .
They are seen in the bone marrow in certain anaemias ( megaloblastic anaemias ) due to deficiency of vitamin B12 or folic acid .
They are similar to glycoproteins but contain a greater proportion of carbohydrate .
They are similar to the sounds heard normally over the larger bronchi and are termed bronchial breath sounds .
They are smaller than rickettsia , are transmitted by air - bone droplets rather than by insects , and they produce diseases characterized by inflammation of the lungs , without a rash ( compare typhus ) .
They are still used for relief of severe pain ( see analgesic ) .
They are stimulated by reflex action , which can be initiated by the taste , smell , sight , or thought of food .
They are stimulated to produce parathyroid hormone by a decrease in the amount of calcium in the blood .
They are subject to pressure and are therefore painful may be covered by a thick callus .
They are supplied with blood by arterioles and drained by venules .
They are supplied with blood by the renal arteries .
They are symptoms of partial damage to a peripheral nerve , such as that caused by external pressure on the affected part .
They are synthesized in the liver and small intestine and are involved in many of the body 's metabolic processes .
They are the largest of the unfused vertebrae and have stout processes for attachment of the strong muscles of the lower back .
They are therefore softer than normal and bend out of shape .
They are thought to be concerned with controlling the activity of the endocrine glands .
They are thought to be involved in adhesion of bacteria to other cells and in transfer of DNA during conjugation .
They are thought to be the virus particles .
They are thought to play a role in inflammatory response .
They are thus responsible for the maintenance of many higher mental activities .
They are transformed into spermatozoa by the process of spermiogenesis ( see spermatogenesis ) .
They are used chiefly in skin preparations as a base for more active drugs , such as antibiotics .
They are used for disorders of the circulation or to lower the blood pressure .
They are used for such conditions as motion sickness and vertigo and go to counteract nausea and vomiting caused by other drugs .
They are used in diagnosis in the techniques of radiography and also in certain forms of radiotherapy .
They are used in the construction of crowns , bridges , and dentures .
They are used in the treatment of myasthenia gravis ( see anticholinesterase ) , glaucoma ( see miotic ) , and some heart and circulatory conditions ( e . g . carbachol ) and to restore intestinal and bladder function after surgery ( e . g . bethenecol ) .
They are used in the treatment of peptic ulcers ( e . g . propantheline ) and parkinsonism ( e . g . chlorphenoxamine ) , to relieve spasm of smooth muscle ( see pasmalytic ) , and as mydriatics .
They are used particularly to prevent anaemia during pregnancy .
They are used to help weight gain in underweight patients , such as the elderly and those with serious illnesses , and to strengthen the bones in osteoporosis .
They are used to treat high blood pressure .
They are useful in maintaining function when a patient has nerve or muscle disorders that prevent voluntary movement .
They are usually given by mouth to treat various condition , including respiratory - tract infections , syphilis , and acne .
They are very sensitive to radiotherapy .
They are well proportioned and show no mental retardation , but may be sexually underdeveloped .
They are widely distributed in soil and air ( usually as spores ) .
They are worn to correct faulty eyesight .
They ascend the neck on either side as far as the thyroid cartilage ( Adam 's apple ) , where they each divide into two branches , the internal carotid , supplying the cerebrum , forehead , nose , eye , and middle ear , and the external carotid , sending branches to the face , scalp , and neck .
They assist in concentrating the pull of the muscle on a small area of bone .
They attach the hamstring muscles ( the biceps femoris , semitendinosus , and semimembranosus ) , to their insertions in the tibia and fibula .
They bear tufts of flagella at one or both ends of the cell .
They can , however , act as carriers , transmitting the bacillus by coughing and sneezing .
They can affect any organ but are most common in the limbs , particularly the leg .
They can arise in fibrous tissue , muscle , fat , bone , cartilage , synovium , blood and lymphatic vessels , and various other tissues .
They can be cultured only on serum or blood agar .
They can be pathogenic in man , causing infections of the skin and respiratory system .
They can be separated by immunoelectrophoresis .
They can be subclassified on the basis of the colour of the stained granules into neutrophils , eosinophils , and basophils .
They can grow only in the presence of certain factors in the blood and certain coenzymes .
They cause pain , the passage of bloody urine , and interruption of the urinary stream and should be removed surgically . .
They communicate with the atmosphere through the trachea , which opens into the pharynx .
They contains a pigment , visual purple ( rhodopsin ) , which is broken down ( bleached ) in the light and regenerated in the dark .
They denote a highly infectious stage of the disease .
They develop into blisters and then scabs , which drop off after about 12 days .
They do not threaten life , but render pregnancy unlikely .
They exist as parasites in many warm - blooded animals .
They ferment carbohydrates , producing alcohol and carbon dioxide , and are important in brewing and breadmaking .
They ferment carbohydrates without the formation of gas .
They ferment glucose , usually with the formation of gas .
They form the structural material of muscles , tissues , organs , etc . , and are equally important as regulators of function , as enzymes and hormones .
They function best in bright light and are essential for acute vision ( receiving a sharp accurate image ) .
They give clear images , unblurred by the coloured fringes that are produced with ordinary lenses ( caused by splitting of the light into different wavelengths ) .
They give rise to the tympanic cavity , the parathyroid glands , the thymus , and probably the thyroid gland .
They have all been very widely applied to differing clinical conditions but are of unknown value as treatments of mental illness .
They have cilia and swim about until they reach a snail .
They have four pairs of flagella , two nuclei , and two sucking discs used for attachment to the intestinal wall .
They have functions , all relating to the arrest of bleeding ( see blood coagulation ) .
They have largely been replaced by tranquillizers , which are less likely to cause drowsiness or dependence .
They have the responsibilities of regularly visiting psychiatic hospitals ( yearly for ordinary hospitals ; more frequently for special hospitals ) , reviewing psychiatric care , giving second opinions on the need for certain psychiatric treatments , and acting as a forum for the discussion of psychiatric issues .
They help to extend and rotate the vertebrae .
They help to move the shoulder blade backwards and upwards .
They include chlorpropamide , tolazamide , and tolbutamide .
They include cholera , diphtheria , dysentery , food poisoning , infective jaundice , malaria , measles , poliomyelitis , smallpox , tuberculosis , typhoid , and whooping cough .
They include chorea , dystonia , and those involuntary movements occurring as side - effects to the use of L - dopa and the phenothiazines .
They include dysmetria ( the application of inappropriate force for a movement ) , intention tremor , dysdiadochokinesis , and a staggering wide - based gait .
They include ectopic beats ( extrasystoles ) , ectopic tachycardias , fibrillation , and heart block ( which is often associated with slow heart rates ) .
They include ethyloestrenol , methadienone , nandrolone , norethandrolone , oxymesterone , and stanolone .
They include griseofulvin and nystatin .
They include relaxation of smooth muscle , decreased secretion of saliva , sweat and digestive juices , and dilation of the pupil of the eye .
They include the amnion , chorion , allantois , and yolk sac .
They include the caudate and lenticular nuclei ( together known as the corpus striatum ) and the amygdaloid nucleus .
They include the genera Brugia , Loa , Onchocerca , and Wuchereria .
They include the services of such personnel as community nurses employed by Area Health Authorities ( see home nurse , domiciliary midwife , health visitor ) and social workers , home helps , and bath atendants employed by social service departments of local authorities .
They infect animals , plants , and microorganisms ( see bacteriophage ) .
They irritate the lining of the stomach , which provides a stimulus for the reflex production of sputum by the glands in the bronchial mucous membrane .
They lie between the cervical and lumbar vertebrae and are characterized by the presence of facets for articulation with the ribs .
They live and lay their eggs in the crevices of walls and furniture and emerge at night to suck blood .
They live either as saprophytes or as parasites of plants and animals ; some species infect and cause disease in man ( see blastomycosis ) .
They mature into larvae , which are infective , within the body of a bloodsucking insect , such as a mosquito .
They may also occur in almost any psychiatric syndrome , especially depression .
They may also occur in other parts of the skull and nervous system .
They may also occur in the rectum and other parts of the digestive tract and in the bronchial tree ( bronchial carcinoid adenoma ) .
They may alter the normal microbial content of the body ( e . g . in the intestine , lungs , bladder ) by destroying one or more groups of harmless organisms , which may result in infections due to overgrowth of resistant organisms .
They may be associated with dyspepsia but usually few symptoms .
They may be associated with muscular disorders of the oesophagus but rarely cause symptoms .
They may be caused by increased pressure from within ( pulsion diverticula ) or by pulling from without ( traction diverticula ) .
They may be given by injection to treat infertility .
They may be of different sexes and are no more alike than ordinary siblings .
They may be partly responsible for such problems as tics , stammering , and phobias .
They may be produced by any heart disease , by nicotine from smoking , or by caffeine from excessive tea or coffee consumption .
They may be provoked by psychological illness ( such as schizophrenia ) or physical disorders in the brain ( such as temporal lobe epilepsy ) or they may be caused by drugs or sensory deprivation .
They may be so distended as to cause pitting of the adjacent bone .
They may be solid or cystic ( cystadenocarcinomas ) .
They may be subject to inspection to prove freedom from infection , particularly those who handle food that is either to be eaten raw or has previously been subjected to cooking ( e . g . meat pies , paté ) .
They may cause inflammation and some ulceration of the intestinal lining , which produces a mild diarrhoea .
They may contain melanin ( melanotic melanomas ) or be free of pigment ( amelanotic melanomas ) .
They may undergo malignant change ( see leiomyosarcoma ) .
They migrate around the body and may cause fever , vertigo , delirium , and pains in the limbs .
They migrate to the lungs , where they cause tissue destruction and bleeding , and then via the windpipe and gullet to the intestine .
They most commonly occur at three main points equidistant around the circumference of the anus .
They normally comprise about 1 % of the total red cells and are increased ( reticulocytosis ) whenever the rate of red cell production increases .
They occur in people of all ages and may be congenital .
They occur in the red blood cells and cells of the lymphatic system , spleen , liver , and kidneys .
They offer little advice , believing that their clients will be helped to make their own decisions by talking to scone one who cares .
They offer successful treatment in some conditions and help reduce symptoms and prolong life in others .
They often cause hangover effects in the morning and the barbiturate hypnotics can lead to dependence .
They often heal spontaneously but occasionally rupture .
They often involve abhorrents or aggressive feelings about events in the remote past and are accompanied by a lack of confidence in memory .
They open into hair follicles and their secretion is produced by the disintegration of their cells .
They open into the nasal cavity , via the meatuses , and are named according to the bone in which they are situated .
They produce toxins that cause abdominal pain , violent vomiting , and continuous diarrhoea .
They range from woodwork , metalwork , and printing to pottery and other artistic activities , household management , social skills ( for psychiatric patients ) , and leisure activities ( for geriatic patients ) .
They receive oxygen rich blood from the hepatic artery and nutrients from the intestines via the portal vein .
They remain attached at the centromere .
They resemble tiny worms , about 0.4mm in length , and their presence give rise to dermatitis .
They resemple bacteria in their cellular structure and method of asexual reproduction , but like viruses , they cannot reproduce outside the bodies of their hosts .
They secrete androgens in response to stimulation by luteinizing hormone from the anterior pituitary gland .
They secrete material that mixes with saliva .
They serve to increase the surface area of the cell and are seen on absorptive and secretory cells .
They sometimes become malignant , giving rise to neurofibrosarcomas .
They spread rapidly in commutities , such as schools .
They strengthen the joint and limit its movements to certain directions .
They therefore persist in the skin , looking like rice grains .
They too can only be cultured on serum or blood agar .
They transmit sound from the outer ear to the labyrinth ( inner ear ) .
They transmit the blood parasites that cause sleeping sickness .
They unroll to a length of 2 cm or more and have a central core ensheathed in mucus and cell debris .
They usually represent a personality disorder , for which psychotherapy is sometimes helpful .
They vary from a transient weakness or numbness to profound coma and death .
They were formerly used as tranquillizers in the treatment of mental illness but have been replaced by more effective and reliable drugs .
Thickened white patches on mucous membranes , such as the mouth lining or vulva , due to an overgrowth of the tissues .
Thickened yellow triangles develop on the conjunctiva at the inner and outer margins of the cornea .
Thickening of parts of the body , which occurs in certain diseases .
Thickening of the outer horny layer of the skin .
Thickening of the tissues at the bases of the finger and the toe nails so that the normal angle between the nail and the digit is filled in .
Thickening of the wall produces progressive arterial obstruction and symptoms from inadequate blood supply to the affected part ischaemia ) .
Thickening or over - growth of the nails .
Thin open - woven material used in several layers for the preparation of dressings and swabs .
Thin sections of its organs are placed in close contact with a radiation - sensitive material , such as a photographic emulsion , and observed under a microscope .
Thinking and scarring of connective tissue , most often a consequence of inflammation or injury .
Thinning of bony tissue sufficient to cause decreased density of bone to X - rays , as in osteoarthritis .
Thinning of the sclera ( white of the eye ) as a result of inflammation .
Third degree haemorrhoids often require surgery ( see haemorrhoidectomy ) , especially if they become strangulated ( producing severe pain and further enlargement ) .
Third degree haemorrhoids remain outside the anus and need to be returned by pressure .
This - the tonic phase - is replaced by convulsive movements , when the tongue may be bitten and urinary incontinence may occur ( the clonic phase ) .
This - together with the churning action of the muscular layers of the stomach - reduces the food to a semiliquid partly digested mass that passes on to the duodenum .
This , like blenorrhagia , is associated with either prostatitis or urethriris , and is cleared by the usual measures undertaken in the treatment of these conditions .
This abnormal circulatuion is called a shunt and results in excessive blood flow through the lungs .
This abnormal communication is congenital due to an abnormality of heart development in the fetus .
This acted as a counterirritant to pain elsewhere and produced a running sore thought to be useful for the drainage of harmful materials from the body .
This action is termed folinic acid rescue .
This affects the central part of the visual field , which may be permanently lost ( sun blindness ) .
This air must be let out by surgical incision .
This allows blue blood , poor in oxygen , to bypass the lungs and enter the general circulation .
This allows the circulation through the retinal blood vessels to be observed and photographed .
This allows the dynamic movements of the heart to be studied when the film is projected .
This also minimizes the possibility of long - term irritation at the site of operation .
This area is known as the trabecular meshwork .
This arises because of a failure of the mechanisms responsible for maintaining a balance between acids and alkalis in the blood ( see acid - base balance ) .
This arises because of a failure of the mechanisms that usually maintain a balance between alkalis and acids in the arterial blood ( see acid - base balance ) .
This broad science involves the application of psychological as well as physiological principles to the design of buildings , machinery , vehicles , packaging , implements , and anything else with which man comes into contact .
This can be a form of defense mechanism .
This can be a result of personality disorder as well as mental illnesses causing paranoid states .
This can be accompanied by odd behaviour or episodes of stupor .
This can be caused by anaemia , candidiasis , vitamin deficiency , or lichen planus .
This can be caused by excess calcium in the blood , as caused by overactivity of the parathyroid glands , or it may result from an underlying abnormality of the kidney .
This can be caused by toxic chemicals , autoimmunity , the action of parasites , especially in malaria , or conditions such as thalassaemia and sickle - cell disease , associated with abnormal forms of haemoglobin , or spherocytosis , which is associated with abnormal red blood cells .
This can be caused by underlying disorders of the urinary tract but is usually functional in nature .
This can be corrected by physiotherapy aimed at increasing all movements of the body , but without stretching the neck .
This can be done by a surgical operation but is usually performed by a special metal capsule , swallowed by the patient .
This can be done deliberately and cause unconsciousness by lowering the carbon dioxide concentration in the blood .
This can be done mechanically ( by pulling the hairs individually or using wax to strip an area of hair ) or by electrolysis , which removes the hair permanently .
This can be made directly , by means of an arterial needle puncture and pressure recording , or indirectly , by a recorder placed on the skin over an artery .
This can be permanent , to by pass a severe stricture of the trethra in the penis , or it can form the first stage of an operation to cure a stricture of the posterior section of the urethra ( urethroplasty ) .
This can be used by itself to help people cope with stressful situations or as a part of desensitization to specific fears .
This can occur as part of a generalized cystitis or it can be associated with inflammation in the urethra , prostate or neck of the womb .
This can occur in a variety of conditions that produce a sustained drop in blood pressure .
This can result from eating too little ( subnutrition or starvation ) but may also imply dietary excess or an incorrect balance of basic food - stuffs such as protein , fat , and carbohydrate .
This can result from injury or disease of the eyeball or socket but is most commonly associated with overactivity of the thyroid gland ( see thyrotoxicosis ) .
This cartilage may become ossified in later development , as between the epiphyses and shaft of a long bone .
This cause myiasis , particularly in children .
This causes a short bout of shivering , fever , and sweating , and loss of healthy red cells results in anaemia .
This causes delay in passage of the stomach contents to the duodenum , which leads to repeated vomiting ( sometimes of food eaten more than 24 hours earlier ) , and sometimes visible distension and movement of the stomach .
This causes drowsiness and lethargy , and ultimately - if untreated - the patient dies .
This causes great distress and there is a risk of death from respiratory failure or exhaustion .
This causes inability to alter the focus of the eye and is usually accompanied by paralysis of the muscles of the pupil resulting in fixed dilation of the pupil ( mydriasis ) .
This causes pain , redness , and swelling of the scrotum , and may be associated with inflammation of the epididymis ( epididymo - orchitis ) .
This causes pain and numbness in the index and middle fingers and weakness of the abductor muscle of the thumb .
This causes proliferation of the primitive bone marrow cells and aids subsequent regeneration of the bone marrow .
This causes thrombophlebitis , which encourages obliteration of the varicose vein by thrombosis and subsequent scarring .
This changes the order of the genes on the chromosomes and can lead to serious genetic disorders , e . g . chronic myeloid luekaemia .
This class includes the enzymes formerly known either as dehydrogenases or as oxidases .
This complaint most usually affects those people coming into contact with stored cereal products , such as hay and grain .
This compound is chemically stable and thus the haemoglobin can no longer combine with oxygen .
This condition is characterized by painless enlargement of the scrotum .
This condition is often associated with the adrenal tumour phaeochromocytoma .
This condition is very serious and blindness is usually inevitable .
This condition may be treat by injections of the hormone .
This condition may be treated successfully by insulin injections .
This condition was formerly known as osteochondrosis .
This confirms that swelling of the uterus is due to a fetus rather than a tumour or other abnormality .
This contains a number of enzymes concerned in digestion .
This contracts and pumps blood to the lungs via the pulmonary artery .
This contrasts with data in which events only are recorded ( see Hospital InPatient Enquiry ) and two separate individuals treated for the same disease cannot distinguished from one individual treated on two separate occasions .
This contrasts with specificity , which is the proportion of people free from disease who react negatively to the test ( i . e . the higher the specificity the fewer the false positives ) .
This creates a pathway for fluid to drain from the anterior chamber of the eye to the subconjunctival tissue .
This depends in part on social circumstances , for a person who is subnormal in a demanding culture may manage well in a simpler environment .
This disease is thought to be due to a virus .
This disease may persist until adulthood .
This distinguishes nematodes from other helminthes .
This divides and passes through a series of stages of maturation termed respectively early , intermediate , and late normoblasts , the latter finally losing its nucleus to become a mature red cell .
This divides and passes through a series of stages of maturation termed respectively promyelocyte , and metamyelocyte , before becoming a mature granulocyte .
This division is not completed until each oocyte is ovulated .
This draws air into and out of the lungs , through the normal air passages .
This effect can be dangerous in patients taking MAO inhibitors ( antidepressants ) , in whom blood pressure may become very high .
This effect is due to the alternation of actin and myosin protein filaments within each myofibril ( see illustration ) .
This enables direct movement of the artificial hand or limb by the muscles .
This end forms a spout , or stoma , which projects into a suitable urinary appliance .
This ensures that the milk remains in the stomach , exposed to protein digesting enzymes , for as long as possible .
This enzyme is missing or is of low activity in certain people of some Eastern and African races .
This enzyme is present in blood serum ( serum GOT , SGOT ) .
This examination is rarely undertaken for the specific purpose of outlining the seminal vesicles .
This fall is claimed to have resulted from the work of the Samaritans , a voluntary suicideprevention organization that grew into a nationwide service over this period .
This fixes the tissue instantly , without the formation of large ice crystals ( which would cause structural changes ) .
This fluid lubricates the opposing visceral and parietal surfaces so that they can slide painlessly over each other during breathing .
This forcefully contracts , pumping blood out to the body via the aorta .
This forms a swelling that compresses or destroys the healthy brain cells and because of the rigid nature of the skull increases the pressure on the brain tissue .
This generally involves the use of insecticides applied either topically , as in delousing , or as a spray for eliminating an infestation of fleas or bed bugs in the home .
This generates tension in the muscle , usually causing movement .
This gives catguts of various lives , lasting for different lengths of time before absorption is complete .
This gives rise to repressed feelings of personal inferiority .
This gives the degree to which the eye differs from normal , which determines whether or not the patient needs glasses and , if so , how strong they should be .
This gland requires iodine to synthesize thyroid hormones .
This group includes the majority of bacteria and all animals and fungi .
This has been supposed , but not proved , to be a factor in causing schizophrenia .
This has been thought to be the cause of acutely developing symptoms that mimic syringomyelia .
This has the advantage over using X - rays that the fetus is not subjected to possibly harmful radiation .
This helps an infected , diseased , or injured tissue ( bone , joint , or muscle ) to heal .
This helps to maintain the blood supply in the event of a feeding vessel being blocked .
This in turn affects the function of the nerve fibres which the myelin normally supports .
This in turn leads through a narrow channel , the cerebral aqueduct , to the fourth ventricle in the hindbrain , which is continuous with the spinal canal in the centre of the spinal cord .
This in turn results either from failure to produce the substance ( intrinsic factor ) that facilitates absorption of B12 from the bowel or from dietary deficiency of the vitamin .
This include moves to living outside institutions and encouragement to cope with work , pay , social life , and civil rights .
This includes both external respiration , which involves breathing , in which oxygen is taken up by the capillaries of the lung alveoli and carbon dioxide is released from the blood , and internal respiration , during which oxygen is released to the tissues and carbon dioxide absorbed by the blood .
This includes the different forces at work during the movement of a single part of the body , and more complex movements such as running and climbing .
This includes the management of head injuries , the relief of raised intracranial pressure and compression of the spinal cord , the eradication of infection , the control of intracranial haemorrhage , and the diagnosis and treatment of tumours .
This increases the transparency of the specimens .
This inertia may be present from the start of labour or it may develop because of exhaustion following strong contractions .
This instrument , a type of endoscope , consists of a sheath down which is passed a fine knife , which is operated by the surgoen viewing the stricture down an illuminated telescope .
This investigation is without risk to the patient .
This is a characteristic sign degenerative or inflammatory joint disease and occurs most frequently and prominently in osteoarthrosis .
This is a common symptom of many nutritional disorders , including ariboflavinosis ( vitamin B2 deficiency ) .
This is a disorder of the cerebral cortex resulting in the patient 's inability to organize the movements rather than clumsiness due to weakness , sensory loss , or disease of the cerebellum .
This is a feature of schizoid and asthenic personalities .
This is a function of the association areas of the parietal lobe of the brain .
This is a hazard following compound fractures and must be rigorously guarded against whenever the marrow is exposed during bone or joint surgery .
This is a kind stereotypy affecting speech and is most common in institutionalized schizophrenics .
This is a rare result of the spread of infection within the abdomen ( as from appendicitis ) .
This is a sign of bacterial infection in the urinary tract .
This is a symptom of diabetes mellitus .
This is a symptom typical of diabetes mellitus and diabetes insipidus .
This is a test of the connection between the sensory nerves attached to stretch receptors in the muscle , the spinal cord , and the motor neurones running from the cord to the thigh muscle , all of which are involved in the reflex .
This is a wide field , in which workers tackle problems ranging from the immunization of people against infectious diseases , such as diphtheria or whooping cough , to finding methods of eliminating vectors , such as malaria carrying mosquitoes .
This is accompanied by a heightened consciousness of heartbeat and respiration , which is turn is worsened by the anxiety it induces .
This is accompanied by severe mental and physical disorders .
This is accompanied by the formation of amines ( such as putrescine and cadaverine ) having a strong and very unpleasant smell .
This is accomplished by the close proximity of them maternal and fetal blood systems within the placenta .
This is achieved by means of proprioceptors , which send impulses from muscles , joints , and tendons .
This is achieved by observing samples of blood , urine , faeces , and diseased tissue obtained from the living patient or at autopsy , by the use X - rays , and by many other techniques ( see biopsy ) .
This is an end result of osteoarthritis .
This is an experimental treatment for disturbances of bodily regulation , such as hypertension .
This is an important reaction occurring during the process of glycolysis .
This is an occupational disease of shepherds .
This is because the retina is not uniformly sensitive to light of different colours or intensities ( see rod , cone ) : retinal sensitivity increases towards its centre ( the macula ) .
This is called the decussation of the pyramids .
This is carried out when the meniscus has been torn or is diseased , to relieve pain and " locking " of the knee joint .
This is caused by gradual loss of elasticity of the lens of the eye which thus becomes progressively less able to increase its curvature in order to focus on near objects .
This is common in cystitis and when there are stones in the bladder and is occasionally present in bladder cancer .
This is commonly due to bacterial infection and usually requires antibiotic treatment to prevent its spread to the bloodstream .
This is commonly performed during vaccination against smallpox .
This is commonly used as a temporary procedure after operations on the kidney .
This is done in preference to gastroduodenostomy if the latter operation is technically difficult or in special operations to avoid a backflow of bile into the stomach .
This is done to improve the functioning of muscles and joints .
This is done to manipulate underlying structures and break up adhesions that may have formed following injury .
This is due either to failure of formation of sperm by the seminiferous tubules within the testis or to a blockage in the ducts that conduct sperm from the testes .
This is due to an obstruction to the free flow of urine from the kidney .
This is due to defective valces ( which normally prevent reflux ) .
This is due to withdrawal of water from the cell by osmosis .
This is effected by administering drugs or by the use of other methods , such as acupuncture or hypnosis .
This is followed by fading , in which the prompting is gradually withdrawn and the reinforcement maintained .
This is followed by lochia serosa , a brownish mixture of blood and muscus , and finally lochia alba ( lochia purulenta ) , a yellowish or whitish discharge containing microbes and cell fragments .
This is interferes with activity of the heart and has many features in common with heart failure , including oedema , pleural effusions , ascites , and engorgement of the veins .
This is interrupted at intervals by gaps called nodes of Ranvier , at which branches of the axon leave .
This is known as primary glaucoma and there are two pathologically distinct types : acute congestive glaucoma , in which a sudden rise in pressure is accompanied by pain and marked blurring of vision ; and chronic simple glaucoma , in which the pressure increases gradually , usually without producing pain , and the visual loss is insidious .
This is manifested in both sexes by the appearance of secondary sexual characteristics ( e . g . deepening of the voice in boys ; growth of breasts in girls ) and in girls by the start of menstruation .
This is may follow injury or may occur spontaneously in a disease of the blood , such as haemophilia .
This is modern form of surgery for cataract .
This is most commonly performed to cure vesicoureteric reflux .
This is most often due to a head cold but it may be caused by a fracture through the anterior fossa of the skull or a frontal brain tumour .
This is most often performed as a diagnostic procedure in the course of arteriography or cardiac catheterization .
This is most often performed as urethral catheterization , when a catherter is introduced into the bladder to relieve obstruction to the outflow of urine .
This is necessary for such operations as removing stones or tumours from the bladder and for gaining access to the prostate gland in the operation of transvesical prostatectomy .
This is necessary if a segment of ureter is damaged by disease or injury .
This is necessary in the treatment of certain bladder conditions , notably cancer .
This is normal with fear , emotion , or exertion .
This is normally unbranched except at the nerve ending .
This is not a symptom specific to any one condition , extreme degrees are found in schizophrenia and dementia .
This is not serious in the case of water - soluble vitamins , when any intake in excess of requirements is easily excreted in the urine .
This is not the same process as occurs in blood coagulation .
This is often a sign of extreme exhaustion and may be the prelude to death .
This is one of the mechanisms of identification .
This is performed for disease of the terminal part of the ileum ( such as Crohn 's disease ) or of the caecum or ascending colon ( such as cancer or Crohn 's disease ) .
This is performed in cases of chronic synovitis , when other measures have been ineffective , in order to reduce pain in the joint and prevent further destrution .
This is performed to prevent infection spreading from the urinary tract causing recurrent edidymitis .
This is quite common in young boys , who retract their testes into the groin due to involuntary or reflex contraction of the cremasteric muscle of the suspensory cord .
This is rare but may happen in shingles , when the irritation caused by the virus in the spinal canal initiates impulses that travel outwards in normally afferent nerves .
This is repeated many times from different directions until a map is built up of the area in front of the eye in which such an object can be seen .
This is repeated until the first stimulus evokes the response by itself ( see conditioned reflex ) .
This is said to be a cause of mental illness and of personality disorder .
This is said to improve the tone of the skin , improve circulation , and alleviate underlying pain .
This is sometimes a form of social phobia .
This is sometimes necessary in the emergency treatment of bleeding from a ruptured spleen and in the treatment of some blood diseases .
This is tested and a calculation indicating that there is a probability of less than 5 % ( p 0.05 ) that the observed difference or a larger on could have arisen by chance is regarded as being statistically significant and the null hypothesis is rejected .
This is the characteristic symptom of tetanus but it also occurs less dramatically with overuse of the phenothiazine drugs and in disorders of the basal ganglia .
This is the invasive part of the trophoblast , which erodes the maternal tissues and forms the villi of the placenta .
This is the part of the brain most directly responsible for consciousness , with essential roles in perception , memory , thought , mental ability , and intellect , and it is responsible for initiateing voluntary activity .
This is the procedure of vaccination ( also called inoculation ) .
This is thought to be one of the ways in which hysteria is produced .
This is uncommon in adult life and is usually associated with other features of catatonia .
This is uniocular diplopia , and only in the rarest cases is there any abnormality of the eye .
This is used as a means of identification .
This is used as a method of treatment when undesirable behaviour ( e . g . destructiveness ) is reduced simply by withdrawing whatever rewards it ( e . g . the fuss made by other people ) .
This is usually a consequence of brain injury or cerebrovascular disease .
This is usually associated with inflammation of the ureter itself ( ureteritis ) often behind an obstruction caused by a stone or stricture .
This is usually associated with urgency and frequency of urination if due to cystitis or urethritis .
This is usually caused by a bacterial infection , which may develop in any condition causing obstruction to the flow of urine .
This is usually due to a severe blow to the eye .
This is usually due to abnormal curvature of the cornea and lens , whose surface resembles part of the surface of an egg ( rather than a sphere ) .
This is usually due to atheroma and results in the death ( infarction ) of part of the heart muscle .
This is usually due to failure of one testicle to descend into the scrotum before birth .
This is usually due to spread of infection from the kidney itself ( see pyelonephritis , pyonephrosis ) .
This is usually performed by injecting radio - opaque contrast material into the exposed vasa deferentia .
This is usually performed for ulcerative colitis .
This is usually performed to reduce secretion of acid and pepsin by the stomach in order to cure a peptic ulcer .
This is usually undertaken to allow catheterization of the vas and the injection of radio - opaque contrast material for X - ray examination ( vasography ) , to test for patency of the duct in patients with azoospermia .
This is usually undertaken to remove a kidney stone ( see nephrolithotomy ) .
This is utilized in phage - typing , a technique of indentifying bacteria by the action of known phages on them .
This joins the cystic duct , which leads from the gall bladder , to form the common bile duct , which drains into the duodenum .
This latter condition is called elective mutism .
This latter operation is performed via the urethra and viewed through a cystoscope .
This law applies only to genes on different chromosomes .
This leads to damage and functional impairment of many organs , including the liver , pancreas , and endocrine glands .
This leads to increased susceptibility to infection ( due to neutropenia ) , anaemia , and bleeding ( due to thrombocytopenia ) .
This leads to mental retardation , enlargement of the liver and spleen , deformities of the bones , and coarsening and thickening of the features ( gargoylism ) .
This leads to the inability to absorb lactose , known as lactose intolerance .
This limits blood circulation and predisposes to thrombosis .
This material is concentrated and excreted by the kidneys , and the IVP reveals details of the kidneys , the ureters , and subsequently the bladder .
This may arise because of stimulation of the amputation stump , which contains severed nerves that formerly carried messages from the removed portion .
This may arise following urethral injury .
This may arise through starvation , malnutrition , or intestinal disease .
This may be a part of the body ( e . g . the foot or the hair ) , clothing ( e . g . underwear or shoes ) , or other objects ( e . g . leather handbags or rubber sheets ) .
This may be a result of copious sweating associated with intense physical activity and hot weather .
This may be a sign that the intestine is obstructed .
This may be accomplished by active steps , usually the administration of a drug , or by passive euthanasia - the deliberate with - holding of treatment .
This may be acute and sometimes fatal , but is more often chronic with the development of fibrosis affecting all parts of the lungs .
This may be acute or chronic and is most often due to rheumatic fever ( see endocarditis ) .
This may be an early sign of malignant change .
This may be associated with kidney or heart disease .
This may be because the same observer gets different results on sucessive occasions ( intraobserver error ) or because a series of different observers fail to abstain the same result ( interobserver error ) .
This may be caused by an increase in the concentration of alkaline substances or a decrease in that of acidic substances in the blood .
This may be caused by breathing that is exceptionally deep in relation to the physical activity of the individual .
This may be caused by pyloric stenosis or it may occur as a complication of abdominal operations or trauma .
This may be caused by the presence of bacteria in the bloodstream ( bacteraemic shock ) , a severe allergic reaction ( anapphylactic shock : see anaphylaxis ) , overdosage with such drugs as narcotics or barbiturates , or the emotional shock due to a personal tragedy or disaster ( neurogenic shock ) .
This may be caused by the presence of melanin or its precursors , in some cases of melanoma .
This may be cauterized or removed surgically .
This may be congenital or develop after injury .
This may be done as a temporary or permanent measure ; for example , the intestine may be brought to the surface of the abdomen ( see colostomy ) .
This may be done during surgery , in order to reduce the patient 's requirement for oxygen .
This may be done either alone or in combination with more traditional psychotherapy .
This may be done in difficult childbirth .
This may be done to facilitate delivery by applying manual pressure to the outside of the abdomen , by inserting the hand into the womb , or by combining both methods ( see cephalic version , podalic version ) .
This may be done to relieve raised intracranial pressure , to obtain cerebrospinal fluid from the ventricle for examination , or to introduce antibiotics or contrast material for X - ray examination .
This may be done voluntarily to stimulate belching , accidentally during rapid eating or drinking , or unconsciously as a habit .
This may be due either to a decrease in the total volume of the plasma ( relative polycythaemia ) or to an increase in the total volume of the red cells ( absolute polycythaemia ) .
This may be due either to the introduction of air through an instrument being used to remove the fluid ; because a perforation in the digestive tract has allowed the escape of fluid and gas ; or because gas - forming bacteria are growing in the peritoneal fluid .
This may be due to a disorder of potassium metabolism .
This may be due to bacterial infection and can be either acute or chronic .
This may be due to congestion ( as in heart failure ) , inflammation , infiltration ( e . g . by fat ) , or tumour .
This may be due to degenerative disease or syphilitic infection , which damages the muscular coats of the vessel , or it may be the result of congenital deficiency in the muscular wall .
This may be due to dementia , aphasia , subnormality , or mental illness .
This may be due to gonorrhoea ( specific urethritis ) , a nonspecific venereal infection ( nonspecific urethritis ) , or to the presence of a catheter in the urethra .
This may be due to lack of dietary iodine , which is necessary for the production of thyroid hormone , the gland enlarges in an attempt to increase the output of hormone .
This may be due to the presence of the parasites causing the disease but it may also be an allergic reaction to the repeated bites of their insect carriers .
This may be followed by subcutaneous bleeding and the opening of previously healed wounds .
This may be homosexual , heterosexual , or the between man and beast .
This may be necessary to correct a joint deformity caused by tendon shortening or to reduce the imbalance of forces caused by an overactive muscle in a spastic limb .
This may be necrophilism , but the attraction is sometimes not sexual .
This may be performed as a diagnostic procedure ( for example , to take an arterial biopsy in the diagnosis of arteritis ) or during reconstruction of a blocked artery when the blocked segment is replaced by a synthetic graft .
This may be required following lacerration of the urethra .
This may be the result of an injury or it may be done by the surgeon at operation in the course of amputation , for example of a limb , finger , or toe .
This may develop in infants fed on bottled milk , which has a much higher sodium content than human milk .
This may follow a penetrating injury involving both the lower urinary tract and the bowel .
This may follow injury , a stroke , or myocardial infarction or may gradually develop for no apparent reason .
This may happen , for example , if a blow on the back of the head causes the front of the brain to be pushed against the inner surface of the skull .
This may happen at any age between about 10 and 17 years .
This may happen if - during a difficult delivery - excess traction applied to the head damages the fifth cervical root of the spinal cord .
This may happen if the fertilized egg cell remains in the ovary or in the tube leading from near the ovary to the womb ( the Fallopian tube ) or if it lodges in the free abdominal cavity .
This may happen if the supporting tissues are weak .
This may indicate simply rapid transit of food through the digestive tract or some form of malabsorption .
This may indicate the presence of damage to , or disease of , the kidneys .
This may occur after a short dose of heavy radiation ( radiotherapy or atomic explosions ) or to prolonged exposure to small doses , as may happen accidentally to X - ray workers .
This may occur after bone marrow failure .
This may occur after drowning , poisoning , etc . , or during a surgical operation on the thorax or abdomen when muscle - relaxing drugs are administered .
This may occur by direct physical contact , by common handling of an object that has picked up infective microorganisms ( see forms ) , through a disease carrier , or by spread of infected droplets coughed or exhaled into the air .
This may occur in a variety of conditions , including pregnancy and enlargement of the spleen .
This may occur in diabetes mellitus , starvation , or after persistent vomiting and results from the partial oxidation of fats .
This may occur in rheumatoid arthritis or ankylosing spondylitis and causes pain .
This may occur in the armpit , around the nipple ot unbilicus , or in the groin .
This may occur in the course of a disease ( e . g . a duodenal ulcer , colonic diverticulitis , or stomach cancer ) , allowing the contents of the intestine to enter the peritoneal cavity , which causes acute inflammation ( peritonitis ) with sudden severe abdominal pain and shock .
This may occur only in the fat layer beneath the skin or it may be more widespread .
This may occur spontaneously or , more usually , in response to treatment with drugs or radiotherapy .
This may occur through undernourishment , disuse , or ageing .
This may occur when pepsin and acid are present in abnormally high concentrations or when some other mechanism reduces the normal protective mechanisms of the mucosa .
This may occur when there is an increase in the rate of red cell production , as in haemorrhagic or haemolytic anaemia , or in infiltrations of the bone marrow by tumours , etc .
This may progress to keratomalacia and eventual blindness .
This may result from an increase in the concentration of acidic substances or a decrease in the level of alkaline substances in the blood .
This may result from an obstetric manoeuvre in which the arm is raised at the shoulder to an extreme degree , which damages the lower cervical and upper thoracic nerve roots of the spinal cord .
This may result from compression of the nerve against the humerus in the upper arm or from selective damage to the nerve , which is a feature of lead poisoning .
This may result from low atmospheric pressure at high altitudes , a shortage of circulating blood , red blood cells , or haemoglobin , or disordered blood flow , such as occurs in heart failure .
This may result from sweating , persistent vomiting or diarrhoea , or loss of fluid in wounds .
This may result in an increased tendency to form clots within blood vessels ( thrombosis ) ; alternatively the function of the platelets may be abnormal , leading to an increased tendency to bleed .
This may result in the person becoming extremely efficient in what he ( or she ) is trying to achieve ; alternatively , excessive overcompensation may be harmful to the person .
This may result in very severe anaemia of the fetus , leading to heart failure with ordema ( hydrops foetalis ) or stillbirth .
This measure has largely been replaced by a comparison of the functioning of persons of the same age group ( see intelligence quotient , intelligence test ) .
This membrane is part of the sac ( amnion ) that encloses the fetus during pregnancy .
This method has proved invaluable for diagnosing Chagas 'disease , using reduviid bugs ( the carries ) , since the parasites are not always easily detected in blood smears .
This method of permanent urinary diversion may be used after cystectomy or to bypass a diseased or damaged bladder .
This most commonly happens when the red blood cells of the fetus are Rh positive ( i . e . they have the rhesus factor ) but the mother 's red cells are Rh negative .
This muscle acts in conjunction with the psoas muscle to flex the thigh .
This muscle lifts the lower jaw , thus closing the mouth .
This normally follows the drinking of more fluid than the body requires , but it can be stimulated by the administration of a diuretic .
This not only applies to the study of such classical epidemics as plague , smallpox , and cholera but also includes all forms of disease that relate to the environment and ways of life .
This obstructs the neck of the bladder , impairing urination .
This occurs above the site of a long - standing obstruction in the ureter , which blocks the free flow of urine from the kidney .
This occurs as part of the normal process of bone formation ( see ossification ) .
This occurs because of persistence of the infecting bacteria ( usually Staphylococcus aureus ) in the skin .
This occurs by three main routes : ( 1 ) through the bloodstream ; ( 2 ) through the lymphatic system ; ( 3 ) across body cavities , e . g . through the peritoneum .
This occurs in schizophrenia and depression .
This occurs in some patients with acute prostatitis , who complain of a profuse discharge from the urethra .
This occurs in some patients with phimosis on erection of the penis : the tight foreskin cannot be drawn back over the glans and becomes painful and swollen .
This occurs in the final stages of renal failure .
This occurs normally in bright light , but persistent miosis is most commonly due to drug therapy for glaucoma .
This occurs when the cells lining the air sacs ( alveoli ) are too immature , as in premature babies , or too damaged by inhaled substances or secretions to produce the wetting agent ( surfactant ) with which the surface tension between the alveolar walls is overcome .
This occurs when the fibres are called upon to contract and do work , but despite an increase in tension do not shorten in length .
This often accompanies dyspepsia , particularly if there is nausea .
This often marks the onset of a fever and may be followed by a feeling of heat , with copious sweating .
This often occurs during pregnancy and breast - feeding or if the milk flow is suppressed .
This operation , which is rarely undertaken , may be preformed for a tumour of the seminal vesicle .
This operation is performed of cancer of the kidney pelvis or ureter .
This operation is performed when a joint is very painful , highly unstable , grossly deformed or chronically infected , or when an arthroplasty would be inadvisable or impossible .
This operation is rarely performed , because gastric juices entering the oesophagus through the artificial junction cause inflammation and stricture .
This operation is sometimes necessary when there is a malignant tumour in the orbit .
This operation is usually performed for religious and ethnic reasons but is sometimes required for medical conditions , mainly phimosis and paraphimosis .
This operation is usually undertaken to remove a stone ( see pyelolithotomy ) but is also necessary when surgical drainage of the kidney is required by a catheter or tube .
This operation may be performed on a young girl if the membrane completely closses the vagina and thus impedes the flow of menstrual blood .
This operation was used for the relief of parkinsonism and other conditions in which involuntary movements are prominent .
This paralyses the diaphragm on the side operated upon , which is then pushed up by the abdominal contents , so pressing on the lung and partially collapsing it .
This particularly applies in alcoholism ( when all alcohol must be prohibited ; in hepatitis ( in which corticosteroid treatment may reduce inflammation ) .
This predisposes to inflammation ( see balanitis , balanoposthitis ) , which results in further narrowing .
This prepares the endometrium for implantation of the embryo , but if this does not occur much of the endometrium breaks down and is lost in menstruation .
This procedure is carried out on experimental animals , but certain injuries to the brain in man may cause the same severe neurological signs as occur in an animal that has been decerebrated .
This procedure is designed to sever the tracts within the medulla oblongata .
This procedure is very rare nowadays , being undertaken only in dire circumstances when the fetal head is too large to pass through the birth canal , the mother 's life is endangered , and Caesarean section impossible .
This process starts to occur soon after the end of the second month of embryonic life .
This process turns forward and articulates with the collar bone at the acromioclavicular joint .
This produces attacks of pallor , numbness , and discomfort in the fingers .
This produces necrotizing arteriolitis , which may result in kidney failure .
This produces sudden severe abdominal pain , first at the site of rupture but becoming generalized .
This provides a possible route for the spread of infection from the middle ear ( see mastoiditis ) .
This provides a temporary or permanent drainage route for urine .
This provides a useful basis for classifying the many different strains .
This rapidly destroys any Rh positive fetal cells so that they do not remain long enough to stimulate antibody production in her blood ( which could affect her next pregnancy ) .
This rare metabolic disorder ( estimated incidence 1 / 20,000 ) has severe consequences in terms of mental handicap unless the child receives a special diet from an early age 
This rare procedure enables a dead fetus to be delivered through the birth canal .
This reduces the oxygen content of the arterial blood in the aorta and its branches , resulting in a patient with a dusky blue appearance ( cyanosis ) and an increased number of red blood cells ( polycythaemia ) .
This reqiures regular refresher courses to supplement the basic qualification of State Certified Midwife .
This residue is extremely rich in a clotting factor , factor VIII ( antihaemophilic factor ) , and is used in the control of bleeding in haemophilia .
This responds to gravity and relays information to the brain about the position of the head .
This responds to gravity and relays information to the brain about the position of the head .
This restores patency and arterial blood flow to the tissues beyond the obstruction .
This results from activation of the vasomotor centre in the brain , which brings about contraction of muscular walls of the arteries and hence an increase in blood pressure .
This results from activation of the vasomotor centre in the brain , which brings about relaxation of the arterial walls and a consequent lowering of blood pressure .
This results in back pressure of blood , with congestion of the lungs and liver .
This results in bleeding into the skin ( see purpura ) , spontaneous bruising , and prolonged bleeding after injury .
This results in high blood pressure ( hypertension ) in the upper part of the body and arms and low blood pressure in the legs .
This results in resistance to passive movement of the limb ( see spasticity ) .
This slow - wave sleep is periodically interrupted by episodes of paradoxical , or REM ( rapid - eye - movement ) , sleep , when the EEG pattern is similar to that of an awake and alert person .
This specialized branch of medicine may require the use of surgery , manipulation , traction , or special apparatus .
This stage lasts about two weeks and the child is infectious throughout .
This starts in the early embryo and is not complete at birth ( see fontanelle ) .
This state is known as scleromalacia perforans .
This stimulates reflex actions in which the larynx is closed by the epiglottis and the nasal passages are closed by the soft palate , so that food does not enter the trachea ( windpipe ) .
This substance is accepted by brain cells in much the same way as glucose , but it is metabolized very slowly after uptake by functioning neurones .
This symptom is not experienced during pregnancy or breast - feeding or after the menopause .
This symptom may be psychogenic , occurring , for example , as a phase of anorexia nervosa ( bulimia nervosa ) , or it may be due to neurological causes , such as a lesion of the hypothalamus .
This symptom should always be taken seriously , however small the amount .
This syndrome may complicate heart block .
This system is based on the presence or absence of antigens A and B .
This technique , pioneered in Britain , resulted in the birth of a live baby girl in July 1978 .
This technique is used to obtain a picture of the fine structure of the neighbouring tissues .
This tends to equalize the concentrations of the two solutions .
This tension makes correct alignment of the fragments difficult .
This term is more commonly used to describe the structure homologous to the cochlea in primitive vertebrates .
This theoretically normal state is in fact rarely seen , since most people have a slight tendency to squint ( see heterophoria ) .
This tumour is rare in children , occurring most commonly in the bladder , prostate , and stomach .
This type is found in some neuromuscular diseases , such as Fiedreich 's ataxia .
This type of bed is invaluable for the treatment of patients with large areas of burns .
This type of diverticulitis is caused by infection and causes lower andominal pain with diarrhoea or constipation .
This type of lupus often starts in childhood , with dark red patches on the nose or cheek .
This ultimately leads to the conversion of chemical energy into a readily usable and storable form .
This uncomfortable symptom may be due to proctitis , prolapse of the rectum , rectal tumour , or irritable bowel syndrome .
This unit is used to indicate the energy value of foods .
This unit now the basis of all time measurements .
This unit was formerly called the mette candle .
This unites with the common bile duct and the secretions pass into the duodenum .
This usually , but not invariably , occurs in anaemia .
This usually accompanies urethritis and sometimes acute prostatitis .
This usually arises in association with epididymitis and causes pain and swelling of the involved cord .
This usually causes no trouble but it may be associated with impaired drainage of urine from the kidney by the ureters , which cross in front of the united lower segment .
This usually includes removal of the associated kidney as well ( see nephroureterectomy ) .
This usually involves bringing the ureter to the skin surface so that the urine can drain into a suitable appliance ( cutaneous ureterostomy ) .
This usually occurs in association with inflammation of the bladder ( see cystitis ) , particularly if caused by vesicoureteric reflux .
This usually occurs in association with inflammation of the glans penis ( balanitis ; see balanoposthitis ) .
This usually occurs in association with prostatitis and caused pain in the perineum , groin , and scrotum and a high temperature .
This usually occurs when the body is buried in damp earth or is submerged in water .
This view is used in the diagnosis of caries and periodontal disease .
This vitamin is stored in the liver , together with vitamins B12 , d and K .
This was done in the days before effective antituberculous drugs to help tuberculosis to heal .
This was formerly performed for visceroptosis ( a condition in which the abdominal organs were thought to have descended to a lower than normal position ) , but it is no longer carried out .
This was formerly thought to predispose to hypersensitivity reactions and to infection and so to death in childhood ( see status lymphaticus ) , a concept no longer held .
This was often successful in reducing severe emotional tension but had serious side - effects , including epilepsy and changes in the personality towards apathy and irresponsibility .
This was sometimes formerly undertaken to allow healing in a lung damaged by tuberculosis .
This was the cause of endemic goitre , formerly common in regions where the diet lacked iodine .
This was thought to draw out harmful excess blood from diseased organs nearby and so promote healing .
This weakness predisposes to a tear in the lining of the aorta , which allows blood to enter the wall and track along ( dissect ) the muscular coat .
Those of E . granulosus exert pressure as they grow and thereby damage surrounding tissues .
Those of high - grade malignant may invasive .
Those on the same chromosome are affected by linkage .
Those that cannot be corrected or improved may survive for months or years with persistent cyanosis .
Those who claim may do so initially on the basis of a personal affidavit .
Those who do not qualify may be eligible for similar payments as supplementary benefits under the terms of the National Assistance Act .
Those with a rapid and short - lived effect ( such as thiopentone ) are injected as anaesthetics .
Though not a registered medical practitioner , the EHO is responsible for the health department .
Though these are theoretically independent variables , most screening tests are so designed that if the sensitivity is increased the specificity is reduced and the number of false possitives may rise to wasteful proportions .
Thought and speech are rapid to the point of incoherence and the connections between ideas may be impossible to follow .
Thought withdrawal is the experience of one 's thoughts being removed from one 's head , which is characteristic of schizophrenia .
Three bones in the tarsus - the lateral ( external ) , intermediate ( middle ) , and medial ( internal ) .
Three broad bands of nerve fibres - the inferior , middle , and superior cerebellar peduncles - connect it to the medulla , the pons , and the midbrain respectively .
Three or more spores may form in each cells ; these germinate to form filaments .
Three tubes that form part of the membranous labyrinth of the ear .
Thrid - degree burns may require skin grafting .
Thrombin is not normally present in blood plasma , being derived from an inactive precursor , prothrombin .
Thrombocytopenia may result from failure of platelet production or excessive destruction of platelets .
Thrombosis ( thrombophlebitis ) commonly develops .
Thrombosis can also occur in a vein , and it may be associated with inflammation ( see phlebitis , phlebothrombosis ) .
Thrombosis complicating endarteritis , seen in temporal arteritis , polyarteritis nodosa , and syplilis .
Thrombosis in an artery obstructs the blood flow to the tissue it supplies : obstruction of an artery to the brain is one of the causes of a stroke and thrombosis in an artery supplying the heart - coronary thrombosis - results in a heart attack ( see myocardial infarction ) .
Thrombosis may occur within a blood vessel in diseased states .
Through the sinus , in its walls , pass the internal carotid artery and the abducens , oculomotor , trochlear , ophthalmic , and maxillary nerves .
Through the skin : often applied to the route of administration of drugs in ointments , etc . , which are obsorbed through the skin .
Throughout an attack the patient is in a state of clouded awareness and afterwards he may have no recollection of the event .
Thus , while there is an absolute visual field beyond which things cannot be seen , no matter how large or bright they are , are lative field exists for objects of different brightness , size , and colour .
Thus a painful stimulus such as a pinprick will bring about the reflex of withdrawing the finger before the brain has had time to send a message to the muscles involved .
Thus an infant scoring 10 points at 60 minutes after delivery would be in opimum condition .
Thus bacteria of the same species may be subdivided into serotypes that produce slightly different antigens .
Thus gastric intubation may be performed to remove a sample of the stomach contents for analysis or to administer drugs directly into stomach .
Thus malaria and leishmaniasis are regarded as exotic when they are diagnosed in patients in Britain .
Thus the antigens of the HL - A system are isoantigens , as are the agglutinogens of the different blood groups .
Thus the eponyms islets of Langerhans , aqueduct of Sylvius , and Hashimoto 's disease are more likely to be designated in text books as pancreatic islands , cerebral aqueduct , and autoimmune thyroiditis , respectively .
Thus trioses have three carbon atoms , tetroses four , pentoses five , and hexoses six .
Thyrocalcitonin is given by injection to treat hypercalcaemia and Paget 's disease of the bone .
Thyroid extract is used in the treatment of thyroid deficiency disease .
Thyroid function can be interfered with , and changes in the kidney can appear after long - term treatment .
Thyroxine can be administered by mouth to treat underactivity of the thyroid gland ( see cretinism , myxoedema ) .
Tick bites can cause serious skin lesions and occasionally paralysis ( see Ixodes , Amblyomma ) , and certain tick species transmit typhus and relapsing fever .
Tics most often become prominent when individuals is exposed to emotional stress .
Tightening of the screw arrangements forces the surfaces of the bones together .
Tilting of the head causes the otoliths to bend the hair cells , which send impulses to the brain via the vestibular nerve .
Tingling shocklike sensation passing down the arms or trunks when the neck is flexed .
Tiny electrodes are attached to the skin at the inner and outer corners of the eye , and as the eye moves an alteration in the potential between these electrodes is recorded .
Tipping the patient head down , lying on the left side , may move the air lock .
Tissue damage caused by such agents as heat , chemicals , electricity , sunlight , or nuclear radiation .
Tissue in the medulla of the adrenal gland consisting of modified neural cells containing granules that are stained brown by chromates .
Tissues of mesodermal origin , such as bone , cartilage , or striated muscle , may also be present .
To arrange that traction on a limb by weights and pulleys does not pull the patient out of bed , countertraction is often produced by applying tension to mental pins temporarily inserted into the opposite end of the bone .
To blunt or deaden sensitivity ( for example , by the application of a local anaesthetic , which reduces or causes complete loss of sensation in nearby nerves ) .
To breathe in such a way as to cause vibration of the soft palate of the roof of the mouth , resulting in a hoarse noise .
To cut out tissue , an organ , or a tumour from the body .
To deprive the body of blood ; for example , as a result of an accident causing severe bleeding or very rarely through uncontrollable bleeding during a surgical operation .
To destroy tissues by direct application of a heated instrument ( known as a cautery ) : used for the removal of small warts or other gronths .
To eject the contents of the stomach through the mouth ( see vomiting ) , the contents of the stomach ejected during vimiting .
To focus the eye on near objects , the ciliary muscles contract and the tension in the ligaments is thus lowered , allowing the lens to become rounder .
To grow bacteria or other microorganisms in cultures .
To issue an order for compulsory admission to a psychiatric hospital under the appropriate section of the Mental Health Act .
To move a limb or any other part away from the midline of the body .
To move a limb or any other part towards the midline of the body .
To pierce a tissue with a sharp instrument .
To prevent the ends of the bones fusing after the operation , a large gap may be created between them ( gap arthroplasty ) , a barrier of artificial material may be inserted ( interposition arthroplasty ) , or one or both bone ends may be replaced by a prosthesis of metal or plastic ( replacement arthroplasty ) .
To reduce material to a uniform consistency , e . g . by crushing and mixing .
To reinsert a tooth into its socket after its accidental or deliberate removal .
To scrape deposits of calculus ( tartar ) from the teeth ( see scaler ) .
To this end , physical contact and confrontations between group members are arranged by the group leader .
To transfer live tissue for culture outside the body .
To treat a specimen for microscopical study wih a stain .
Tobacco contains the stimulant but poisonous alkaloid nicotine , which enters the bloodstream during smoking .
Today , specialized remedial treatment in baths , under the supervision of physiotherapists , is used to alleviate pain and improve bloood circulation and limb mobility in arthritis and in nerve and muscle disorders .
Today artificial radioative isotopes , such as cobalt - 60 , are used .
Today embalming is employed mainly so that a body can be transported long distances and fureral rites can be conducted without undue haste .
Today restricted in orthodox medicine to exercises in remedial swimming pools for the rehabilitation of arthritic or partially paralysed patients .
Together with prompting , it is useful for introducing new behaviours to the individual .
Together with the corpora cavernosa , it forms the erectile tissue of the penis .
Tolerance and dependence may result from prolonged use of the drug .
Tolerance develops rapidly and dependence may occur .
Tolerance of amphetamine develops rapidly , and prolonged use may lead to dependence .
Too much sebum gives greasy hair and yellow flakes .
Too small to be seen clearly without the use of a microscope .
Total colectomy is removal of the whole colon , usually for extensive colitis .
Total gastrectomy , in which the oesophagus is joined to the duodenum , is usually performed for stomach cancer but occasionally for the Zollinger - Ellison syndrome .
Total or partial failure of development of an organ or tissue .
Total or partial loss of memory following physical injury , disease , drugs , or psychological trauma ( see confabulation , fugue , repression ) .
Total pancreatectomy ( Whipple 's operation ) involves the entire gland and part of the duodenum .
Touch receptors , proprioceptors , and the receptors for hearing and balance all belong to this class .
Tourniquets are no longer recommended as a first - aid measure to stop bleeding from a wound because of the danger of reducing the supply of oxygen to other tissue ( direct pressure on the wound itself is considdered less harmful ) .
Toxic effects , though infrequent , are severe and include anorexia , hepatitis , and exfoliative dermatitis .
Toxic effects are usually only seen with overdosage .
Toxic effects essentially due to poisoning ingestion .
Toxic side - effects are rare , but vertigo and headache frequently occur and patients with severe anaemia may collapse during treatment .
Toxic side - effects are usually only seen with overdosage , when respiratory muscles may occur .
Toxin - producing bacteria causing food poisoning include those of the genus Staphylococcus , which rapidly multiply in warm foods , and the species Clostridium welchii , which multiplies in reheated cooked meals .
Toxins from more venomous species , such as the black window ( Lactrodectus mactans ) , cause muscular pains , convulsions , nausea , and paralysis .
Toxins from the less venomous species of spider cause only local pain , redness , and swelling .
Toxins produced by the bacterium cause putrefactive decay of connective tissue with the generation of gas .
Tracheitis causes soreness in the chest and a painful cough and is often associated with bronchitis .
Traction may be required to keep the bone ends separate but in good alignment .
Trade name : a solution of trichlorphenol : an effective antiseptic for minor skin injuries irritations .
Trade name for computerized axial tomography .
Trademark : an alloy of chromium and cobalt that is used in instruments , prostheses , surgical appliances , and dentures .
Transient irritation may occur with higher doses .
Transient paralysis of a part of the body that has previously been involved in a focal epileptic fit ( see epilepsy ) .
Transillumination of the sinuses of the skull is a means of detecting abnormalities .
Transmission of an infectious disease by touching or handling an infected person or animal ( direct contact ) or by indirect contact with airborne droplets , faeces , etc . , containing infective microorganism .
Transmitted from parents to their offspring ; inherited .
Transplanting organs or tissue between individuals is a difficult procedure because of the natural rejection processes in the recipient of the graft .
Transporting or secreting milk , as the lactiferous ducts of the breast .
Transurethral resection ( TUR , resection of the prostate ) - an operation performed when the prostate gland becomes enlarged - involves removal of the gland through the urethra using an instrument called a resectosope .
Treament and prevention is by avoidance of kneeling .
Treament with calcium and vitamin D can reverse most of the features .
Treated ( attenualted ) bacteria or viruses are used for many immunizations .
Treatment , by manipulation and massage , provides relief for many disorders of bones and joints .
Treatment : as for laryngitis , with tracheostomy if necessary and bronchoscopy in addition , during which it may be possible to clear the obstructing exudate by bronchial lavage and suction .
Treatment aimed at preventing a condition from becoming worse , in the expectation that either natural healing will occur or progress of the disease will be so slow that no drastic treatment will be justified .
Treatment based on the belief that psychological problems are the products of faulty learning and not the symtoms of an underlying disease .
Treatment by humidification and mild sedation usually reverses the alarming symptoms .
Treatment by providing a less harmful alternative to a drug or remedy that a patient has been receiving .
Treatment by remedial bathing in sea water .
Treatment by teaching a patient to decrease his anxiety by reducing the tone in his muscles .
Treatment can involve psychotherapy or behaviour therapy using aversion therapy and masturbatory conditioning of desirable sexual behaviour .
Treatment consists of antibiotic drugs to control the infection and physiotherapy to drain the sputum .
Treatment consists of aspirin and other analgesics , reduction of pressure across the joint ( by weight loss and the use of a walking stick in osteoarthritis of the hip ) , and corrective and prosthetic surgery .
Treatment consists of elastic support , by stockings or bandages , and diuretic drugs .
Treatment consists of elastic support together with drugs , such as phenylbutazone , to relieve the inflammation and pain .
Treatment consists of intravenous administration of fluid and nutrients and removal of excess stomach secretions by tube until peristalsis returns .
Treatment consists of intravenous feeding ( no food or drink should be given by mouth ) , and anticholinergic drugs .
Treatment consists of minimizing the effect of the disease by administration of pancreatic enzymes and bronchial physiotherapy and by preventing and combating secondary infection .
Treatment consists of psychotherapy or specific behaviour therapy designed to eliminate homosexual behaviour and fantasy and to increase heterosexual behaviour .
Treatment consists of rest , a low salt diet , diuretic drugs ( e . g . frusemide ) , and digitalis derivatives ( e . g . digoxin ) .
Treatment consists of rest and antibiotics ; surgery may be required to repair damaged heart valves .
Treatment consists of stopping protein intake and giving antibiotics ( to prevent bacterial production of toxins ) and enemas and cathartics ( to remove colonic toxins ) .
Treatment consists of the use of drugs that suppers the inflammation , combined with measures to relieve the discomfort and more speific drug treatment if a speific cause of the uveitis is found .
Treatment depends on the cause , and may include physiotherapy , bracing , and spinal osteotomy in severe cases .
Treatment depends on the extent of disease and may include surgery , radiotherapy , drug therapy , or a combination of these .
Treatment depends on the nature of the primary tumour , different types responding to different drug combinations .
Treatment depends on the underlying cause , but initially very gentle nursing and the provision of nourishment and fluids by gradual steps is appropriate for all .
Treatment depends on the underlying cause ; to determine this , samples of the synovial fluid or membrane are taken for examination .
Treatment follows the same principles as for mania , and it may be difficult to prevent an individual from damaging his own interests with extravagant behaviour .
Treatment for lesbianism varies : many therapists prefer to reduce the anxiety and guilt associated with the condition rather than try to change it directly .
Treatment for neurosis can include chemotherapy ( often with tranquillizers ) , psychotherapy , or behaviour therapy .
Treatment includes administration of antibiotics .
Treatment includes appropriate antibacterial drugs , humidification of the inhaled air or oxygen , and mild sedation to relieve exhaustion due to persistant coughing .
Treatment includes avoidance of food and administration of antibiotics and corticosteroids ; later dilatation of the stricture may be needed .
Treatment includes elastic support and sclertherapy , but avulsion ( stripping ) or excision ( phlebectomy ) is required in some cases .
Treatment includes rest , corticosteroids , immunosuppressive drugs , anibiotics , or ( in some cases ) surgical removal of the affected part of the intestine .
Treatment includes surgical removal of the affected lobe or lung ( 20 % of cases are suitable for surgery ) , radiotherapy , and chemotherapy .
Treatment includes the clearing of any underlying infection by antibiotic adminitration .
Treatment includes thorough daily disinfection of the skin as well as antibiotic therapy .
Treatment involves a course of anthelmintics .
Treatment involves antibiotics and sulphonamides .
Treatment involves intravenous infusion of salt solution .
Treatment involves killing the adult worms with injection of phenolthiazine .
Treatment involves rest , administration of alkaline fluid and intravenous glucose , and blood transfusions .
Treatment involves surgical removal of the maggots .
Treatment involves the application of mild antiseptic dressings and intramuscular doses of penicillin .
Treatment involves use of the drugs thiabendazole and dithiazanine .
Treatment is aimed at gradual withdrawal of the drug and eventually total abstention .
Treatment is based on a carefully controlled diet , with adequate carbohydrate for the body 's needs , together with injections of insulin or drugs ( such as tolbutamide ) that are taken by mouth to lower blood - glucose levels .
Treatment is by administration of antibiotics and analgesics .
Treatment is by administration of antibiotics and analgesics .
Treatment is by administration of antibiotics in large quantities .
Treatment is by administration of atropine .
Treatment is by administration of chelating agents .
Treatment is by administration of oxygen .
Treatment is by antibiotic administration , and subsequent circumcision prevents further attacks .
Treatment is by antibiotic administration .
Treatment is by antibiotic drugs and surgical drainage of abscesses .
Treatment is by antibiotics , and further attacks are prevented by circumcision .
Treatment is by anticoagulant therapy with heparin and warfarin .
Treatment is by application of antibiotic ointments or surgical incision and curettage of the gland .
Treatment is by complete bed rest on a firm surface , manipulation , traction , and analgesics .
Treatment is by diuretic drugs , but under some circumstances surgery to join the portal vein to the inferior vena cava ( bypassing the liver ) may be necessary ( see portacaval anastomosis ) .
Treatment is by drainage of pus and a prolonged course of antibiotics .
Treatment is by early surgical removal of the blood clot and the constructions of a venous shunt to permit blood flow from the penis .
Treatment is by forceful stretching of the tight lower end of the oesophagus or by surgical splitting of the muscular ring in that area .
Treatment is by gentle stretching and exercises , sometimes combined with corticosteroid injection into the joint .
Treatment is by immediate administration of alkaline solutions , followed by milk or olive oil .
Treatment is by immobilization , cold compresses , and correction of the blood disorder ( if present ) .
Treatment is by incision of the tendon sheath .
Treatment is by keeping the limbs warm , though vasodilator drugs may help .
Treatment is by nephrectomy followed by radiotherapy and cytotoxic drugs .
Treatment is by orchidectomy avoiding an incision into the scrotum .
Treatment is by prevention , but some symptoms may be ameliorated by drug therapy ( e . g . angina by glyceryl trinitrate ) or by surgical bypass of the arterial obstruction .
Treatment is by radiotherapy or by cytotoxic drugs .
Treatment is by regular washing with a detergent shampoo .
Treatment is by rest , achieved sometimes by spinting the adjacent joint , and corticosteroid injection into the tender area around the tendon .
Treatment is by rest , injection of cortisone into the tendon sheath , and , if these fail , surgical incision of the sheath .
Treatment is by rest , massage , and local corticosteroid injection .
Treatment is by surgery but tumours are apt to recur locally .
Treatment is by surgery to remove the affected segment and join the remaining ( normal ) colon to the anus .
Treatment is by surgical drainage , usually by the technique of joining the pseudocyst to the stomach ( marsupialization ) .
Treatment is by surgical drainage and antibiotics .
Treatment is by surgical excision together with antituberculous drugs .
Treatment is by surgical opening and cleaning of the sinus .
Treatment is by surgical operation , e . g . goniotomy , to improve drainage of fluid from the eye .
Treatment is by surgical removal , which may necessitate amputation of a limbs , and radiotherapy .
Treatment is by surgical removal of the foreskin ( circumcision ) .
Treatment is by surgical removal or bypass ( see gastroenterostomy ) .
Treatment is by the administration of a suitable antibiotic , together with analgesics and a high fluid intake .
Treatment is by the administration of an appropriate antibiotic , and a full urological investigation is conducted to determine any underlying abnormality and prevent recurrence .
Treatment is by the surgical operation of pyloromyotomy ( Ramstedt 's operation ) .
Treatment is by treating any underlying disease .
Treatment is commonly with reassurance and tranquillizers .
Treatment is difficult and requires specialist skills .
Treatment is directed at the problem or target behaviour and is designed for the particular patient , not for the particular diagnostic label that has been attached to him .
Treatment is directed to any underlying cause ( such as varicocele ) .
Treatment is directed to clearing the underlying causative organism by antibiotic administration .
Treatment is directed to relieving any obstruction of the ureter and controlling the infection with antibiotics .
Treatment is directed to the underlying cause .
Treatment is drainage and root treatment or extraction of the tooth .
Treatment is necessary only when the perversion causes suffering .
Treatment is not specific , but lengthy specialized education is usually necessary .
Treatment is removing the patient from further exposure .
Treatment is unsatisfactory although chloroquine diphosphate has proved beneficial in some cases .
Treatment is unsatisfactory and relapses are frequent .
Treatment is urgent nephrectomy under antibiotic cover .
Treatment is usually by surgical repair of the perforation , but conservative treatment with antibiotics may result in spontaneous healing .
Treatment is usually by surgical repair of the perforation , but in some cases conservative treatment using antibiotics and intravenous fluid may be used .
Treatment is usually given in a psychiatric hospital , where the alcoholic is first " dried out " and then helped to understand the psychological pressures that led to his heavy drinking .
Treatment is usually with drugs such as lithium or phenothiazines .
Treatment is usually with such drugs as mephalan or cylophosphamide , with local radiotherapy to particular areas of pain .
Treatment is with antibiotics and sometimes also by surgery .
Treatment is with antidepressant drugs and psychotherapy .
Treatment is with antituberculous drugs , to which scrofuloderma responds better than lupus vulgaris , another type of skin tuberculosis .
Treatment is with antituberculous drugs .
Treatment is with behaviour therapy , especially desensitization and flooding .
Treatment is with calcium lactate or other calcium salts , lime water , or milk .
Treatment is with drugs such as chlorambucil or combinations of cyclophosphamide , vincristine and prednisone , sometimes with the addition of doxorubicin and bleomycin .
Treatment is with metronidazole and a careful and thorough remige of oral hugiene supplemented with oxidizing mouthwashes .
Treatment is with phenothiazine drugs for mania and with antidepressant drugs or electroconvulsive therapy for depression .
Treatment is with spinal braces and , in cases of severe deformity , surgical correction by fusion or osteotomy .
Treatment may be by behavioural techniques such as aversion therapy , but is not always needed .
Treatment may be surgical removal of the thyroid gland , administration of radioactive iodine to destroy part of the gland , or by the use of drugs ( such as carbimazole or propylthiouracil ) that interfere with the production of thyroid hormone .
Treatment may necessitate surgical removal of the cysts .
Treatment may require haemodialysis on a kidney machine .
Treatment of disease by inducing fever .
Treatment of a patient with more than one type of medicine .
Treatment of a simple fracture includes realignment of the bone ends where there is displacement , immobilization by external splints or internal fixation , followed by rehabilitation .
Treatment of an acute attack is by administration of antibiotics , and further attacks are prevented by circumcision .
Treatment of arthritis depends on the cause , but aspirin and similar analgesics are often used to suppress inflammation , and hence reduce pain and swelling .
Treatment of bursitis not due to infection is by rest and corticosteriod infection .
Treatment of cancer depends on the type of tumour , the site of the primary tumour , and the extent of spread .
Treatment of dermatitis depends upon the cause .
Treatment of disease localized to the primary site is by amputation of the limb .
Treatment of eczema depends on the cause but usually includes the use of locally applied corticosteroids .
Treatment of epididymo - orchitis is by local support and administration of analgesics and antibiotics .
Treatment of external myiases involves the destruction and removal of maggots followed by the application of antibiotics to wounds and lesions .
Treatment of mutism due to psychological causes in increasingly by behavioural means , such as prompting : people that the patient does not address are slowly introduced into the situation where the patient does speak .
Treatment of pericystitis is directed to the underlying cause and usually involves antibiotic therapy .
Treatment of short - term fears , such as the fear of hearing the results of an examination , can be relieved by tranquillizers , such as diazepam .
Treatment of the condition , common in the Far East , involves intravenous injections of neosalvarsan and surgical removal of the larvae .
Treatment of the majority of cases is by surgical removal if the tumour is accessible .
Treatment of urethritis due to infection is by administration appropriate antibiotics after the causative organisms have been isolated from the discharge .
Treatment of varicose veins by the injection of an irritant solution .
Treatment that removes the outward signs of an illness or prevent its progress .
Treatment usually involves drugs ( such as amphetamines or haloperidol ) and behaviour therapy ; the family usually needs advice .
Treatment usually involves separation of the affected people and management according to their individual requirements .
Treatment with a histamine - blocking drug , by removal of the tumour ( if benign ) , or by total gastrectomy is usually effective .
Treatment with amphotericin B may be effective .
Treatment with an antiserum and measures to reduce the bleeding are sometimes effective .
Treatment with antibiotics , such as tetracycline or chloramphenicol , is effective .
Treatment with antibiotics and folic acid is usually effective , but the condition often improves spontaneously on return to a temperate climate .
Treatment with antibiotics shortens the disease and prevent such complications as ear and kidney infections and swollen neck glands .
Treatment with antituberculous drugs is effective .
Treatment with chloramphenicol , streptomycin , or tetracycline is effective .
Treatment with chloramphenicol is effective .
Treatment with corticosteroid drugs may be life - saving and artificial respiration may be needed .
Treatment with cortisone derivatives is rapidly effective .
Treatment with diuretics increases the rate of excretion of the toxic compounds from the body .
Treatment with drugs is usually effective against all but the viral infections ( there is no specific treatment for most of the common viral infections , including the common cold and influenza .
Treatment with drugs that increase the excretion of urates ( uricosuric drugs ) or with allopurinol , which slows their formation , has largely controlled the disease .
Treatment with metronidazole is effective .
Treatment with penicillin is fully effective if administered in the early weeks of the infection .
Treatment with plasma from recovered patients is the best therapy .
Treatment with reassurance , antidepressant drugs , and psychotherapy is usual , but the condition is often chronic .
Treatment with sulphonamides , penicillin , or tetracyline in the early stages of the disease is usually effective .
Treatment with sulphonamides is effective .
Treatment with tetracycline , streptomycin , and chloramphenicol is effective .
Treatment with tetracyclines is effective .
Treatment with tetracyclines or chloramphenicol is effective .
Treatment with the antibiotic amphotericin has proved effective .
Treatment with thiamin relieves the symptoms .
Treatment with thiazide diuretics often results in potassium deficiency , this is corrected by simultaneous administration of potassium salts .
Treatment with thiosemicarbazone is effective .
Treatment with vitamin C soon reverses the effects .
Tremor is a prominent symptom of parkinsonism .
Tremulousness of the iris when the eye is moved .
TRH is given by intravenous injection to test thyroid gland function and to estimate reserves of thyroid - stimulating hormone in the pituitary .
Trichinosis , rarely a serious disease , is treated with thiabendazole .
Trichuriasis can be treated with various anthelmintics , including thiabendazole and piperazine salts .
Tricuspid atresia obstructs the blood flow within the heart from the right atrium to the right ventricle .
Triglycerides are synthesized from the products of digestion of dietary fat : they are the form in which fat is stored in the body .
Trombicula larvae are responsible for transmitting scrub typhus in southeast Asia .
Trophablast sampling is a new screeing technique for the prenatal diagnosis of congenital disorders , such as Down 's syndrome and thalassaemia , as early as the ninth week of pregnancy .
Tropical sprue is seen in people from temperate regions who stay in tropical climates for weeks or months .
True gastrulation only occurs in the embryos of amphibians and certain fish , but a similar process occurs in the embryonic disc in other vertebrates , including man .
True lack of colour appreciation is extremely rare ( see monochromat ) , but some defect of colour discrimination is present in about 8 % of Caucasian males , and 0 , 4 % of Caucasian females .
Truncal vagotomy is the cutting of the main trunks of the vagus nerve .
Trypanosomes undergo part of the their development in the blood of a vertebrate host .
Tsetse flies , which have slender forwardly projecting biting mouthparts , feed during the day on man and other mammals .
TSH may be given by injection to test thyroid gland function .
Tuberculoid leprosy is a benign , often self - limiting , form of leprosy causing discoloration and disfiguration of patches of skin ( sparsely distributed ) associated with localized numbness .
Tuberculomas are found in a variety of sites , including the lung or brain , and a single mass may be the only clinical evidence of disease .
Tuberculosis and syphilis are occasional causes .
Tuberculosis is curable by the antibiotics streptomycin , isoniazid ( INH ) , and para - aminosalicylic acid ( PAS ) .
Tuberculosis of lymph modes , usually those in the neck , causing the formation of abscesses .
Tuberculosis of the backbone , usually transmitted by infected cows 'milk .
Tuberculosis of the skin in which the skin breaks down over suppurating tuberculous glands , with the formation of irregular - shaped ulcers with blue - tinged edges .
Tuberculosis of the urinary tract can also cause ureteritis , which progresses to stricture formation .
Tuberculous infection of the skin , usually due to direct inoculation of the tuberculosis bacillus into the skin .
Tubular glands that lie in the mucous membrane of the stomach wall .
Tumour growths are sometimes examined in this way .
Tumours arising in solf tissue have a considerably better prognosis than those arising in bone .
Tumours in certain organs , including the pituitary gland , are often classified by their histological staining affinities , for example eosinophil , basophil , and chromophobe adenomas .
Tumours may occur in the spinal canal , where they may press on the spinal cord .
Tumours may ulcerate and become infected with pus - forming bacteria , causing severe inflammation of the bowel wall .
Tumours of low - grade malignancy produce symptoms by pressure on surrounding structures .
Tumours originating in soft tissue may spread to bone , producing an appearance on X - ray identical to myeloma deposits .
Turbulent flow is produced by damaged valves , septal defects , narrowed arteries , or arteriovenous communications .
Turning out of the eyelid , away from the eyeball .
Twilight states last only for a short time , commonly a few hours .
Twisting of part of the digestive tract , usually leading to partial or complete obstruction and sometimes reducing the blood supply , causing gangrene .
Two - thirds of the way down it passes into the back of the thigh , continuing downward behind the knee as the popliteal artery .
Two alleles of a particular gene occupy the same relative positions on a pair of homologous chromosomes .
Two doctors have to agree that termination of pregnancy is necessary and the operation must be performed in an approved hospital or clinic .
Two individuals who are born at the same time and of the same parents .
Two or more practitioners may form a partnership sharing fees and work loads , including cross - cover for each other 's NHS patients .
Two paired rounded swellings in the floor of the hypothalamus , immediately behind the pipuitary gland .
Two pairs of colliculi , the superior and inferior colliculi protrude from the roof of the midbrains ( see tectum ) .
Two pairs of fleshy folds - the labia majora and labia minora - surround the openings of the vagina and urethra and extend forward to the clitoris ( see illustration ) .
Two pairs of veins in the embryo that carry blood from the head ( anterior cardinal veins ) and trunk ( posterior cardinal veins ) , they unite to form the common cardinal vein , which drains into the sinus venosus of the heart .
Two pairs of yellowish - brown endocrine glands that are situated behind , or sometimes embeded within , the thyroid gland .
Two pear - shaped depressions that lie on either side of the opening to the larynx .
Two separate sound sources cause ultrasound waves to be transmitted through and reflected from the organs being examined .
Two species causing this condition are E . granulosus and E . multilocularis .
Two such techniques are quite widely used in medicine , for example to separate mixtures of amino acids .
Two triangular endocrine glands , each of which covers the superior surface of a kidney .
Two types are usually described : conversion hysteria , characterized mainly by physical symptoms , such as paralysis ; and dissociative hysteria , in which patients show changes in thinking , such as multiple personality states or amnesia .
Two wings that form part of the orbits ; and two pterygoid processes projecting down from the point where the two wings join the body .
Type A Coxsackie viruses generally cause less severe and less well - defined diseases , although some cause meningitis and severe throat infections ( see herpangina ) .
Type B Coxsackie viruses cause inflammation or degeneration of brain , skeletal muscle , or heart tissue ( see Bornholm disease ) .
Type I pneumocytes are flat and inconspicuous .
Type II pneumocytes are cuboidal and secrete surfactant .
Types of neurones ( nerve cells ) within the central nervous system .
Typhus is suspected if antibodies are found .
Typical deposits in the bones on X - ray , giving the appearance of holes .
Typically , the attacks of vertigo are sudden and explosive and associated with pallor , nausea , and vomiting .
Typically , there is a red scaly rash on the face , affecting the nose and cheeks , arthritis , and progressive damage to the kidneys .
Typically an abstract idea is represented by a simpler and more tangible image .
Typically it is precipitated by a head injury or an acute infection causing abstinence from alcohol .
Typically there is a transverse myelitis , producing paralysis and numbness of the legs and trunk below the inflamed spinal cord , and retrobulbar ( optic ) neuritis affecting both optic nerves .
Ulceration , mainly of the lips and mouth ( cancrum oris ) .
Ulcerative colitis ( idiopathic proctocolitis ) almost always involves the rectum ( see proctitis ) as well as a varying amount of the colon , which become inflamed and ulcerated .
Ulcerative gingivitis is painful and destructive .
Ulcers in the skin include varicose ulcers complicating varicose veins , due to defective circulation ; bedsores ( decubitus ulcers ) , due to pressure ; and rodent ulcers , due to malignant growth .
Ulcers may form and the membrane may be cast off .
Ultrasound can be used to examine the structure of the inside of the body , in the same way that X - rays can be used to build up pictures but with the advantages that the patient is not submitted to potentially harmful radiation and that structures not opaque to X - rays can be seen .
Ultrasound waves are reflected to different degrees by different structures within the body .
Unable to be replaced in a normal position , applied particularly to a type of hernia .
Uncommonly it can be attributed to the late effects of encephalitis or coal - gas poisoning or to Wilson 's disease .
Uncommonly it may be a developmental defect , when it would most likely affect both lateral ventricles .
Uncomplicated haemorrhoids are seldom painful , pain is usually caused by a fissure .
Unconsciousness is followed by convulsions and death .
Under certain conditions ( e . g . irradiation of the bacterium ) the phage can develop into an active form , which reproduces itself and eventually destroys the bacterial cell .
Under certain conditions the plaque may cause gingivitis , periodontal disease , or dental caries .
Under normal circumstances both the eyes work together and look at the same point simultaneously , but if one eye is covered it will move out of alignment with the object the other eye is still viewing .
Under such circumstances a charge that would have been one of murder is reduced to manslaughter .
Under the terms of Part III of the Act , local authorities are required to provide accommodation for those in need of care and attention that is not otherwise available to them ( Part III accomodation ) .
Underdevelopment of an organ or tissue .
Undirected fantasy thinking that fails to respect the realities of life .
Unfortunately panaceas do not exist , despite the claims of many patent medicine manufacturers .
Unicellular organisms include the Protozoa , most bacteria , and some fungi .
Uninfected insects of the species known to carry disease in question are allowed to suck the blood of a patient suspected of having the disease .
Unintelligible speech - like babbling as heard from infants .
Unit of weight used in pharmacy . 1 drachm = 3.883g ( 60 grains ) .
Unless all such deaths occur rapidly after the onset of the disease ( e . g . cholera ) they are likely to be the outcome of episodes that started in an earlier period ( hence the term ratio rather than rate ) .
Unless early and effective treatment by bed rest and calipers is carried out , deformity , shortening , and secondary osteoarthritis of the bones result .
Unless the condition is remedied by removing the obstruction ( when present ) and by artificial respiration if necessary , there is progressive cyanosis leading to death .
Unless treated lupus vulgaris spreads , ulcerates , and causes extensive scarring .
Unless treated promptly , irreversible brain damage and death follow within minutes .
Unlike acriflavine , it does not cause staining .
Unlike casein , it is not precipitated from milk under acid conditions , it is therefore a constituent of cheese made from whey rather than curd .
Unlike homografts , autografts are not rejected by the body 's immunity defences .
Unresponsive : applied to a condition that fails to respond satisfactorily to a given treatment .
Until the nerve has undergone repolarization no further nerve impulses can pass .
Untreated , affected infants fail to thrive and become mentally retarded , but if galactose is eliminated from the diet growth and development may be normal .
Untreated , it can lead to a hunchback deformity .
Untreated , these burst through the skin and form running sores , which leave scars when they heal .
Untreated anthrax can be fatal but administration of large doses of penicillin or tetracycline is usually effective .
Untreated it leads to mental retardation and death in infancy .
Untreated it may progress to diabetic coma .
Untreated or severe urethritis results in a urethral stricture .
Untreated pediculosis of the scalp can lead to a condition in which the hair becomes matted together by the exudate from weeping skin lesions .
Untreated the disease can be fatal , but it responds to tetracyclines or penicillin .
Untreated the disease may last for years but prolonged administration of antibiotics and sulphonamides is effective .
Unusual positions of the appendix may cause pain in different sites , leading to difficulty in diagnosis .
Up to 30 % of these tumours are malignant , but probably as many as 85 % of all cases are cured by surgery alone .
Up to 4 mm in diameter , milia are round masses of keratin occurring just beneath the outer layer ( epidermis ) of the skin .
Urea is formed in the liver from ammonia and carbon dioxide in a series of enzyme - madiated reactions ( the urea cycle ) .
Urge incontinence is leakage of urine that accompanies an intense desire to pass water with failure of restraint .
Urgent assessment is required to differentiate lack of production of urine from an obstruction to the flow of urine from the kidneys , which can readily be relieved .
Urgent surgical treatment to protect the meninges is required .
Uricosuric drugs are sometimes administered with certain antibiotics ( such as penicillin ) to maintain high blood levels since they inhibit their excretion .
Uricosuric drugs are used to treat gout and other conditions in which the levels of uric acid in the blood are increased , as during treatment with some diuretics .
Urinary catheters are passed into the bladder through the urethra to allow drainage of urine in certain disorders and to empty the bladder before abdominal operations .
Urination can occur in the normal hanging position .
Urine and faeces retain their normal colour .
Urine passes into the bladder through the ureters .
Urobilinogen is formed from bilirubin in the intestine by bacterial action .
Use of a condom protects both partners against the transmission of venereal diseases and , carefully used , it is reasonably reliable contraceptive ( between 2 and 10 pregnancies per 100 woman - years ) .
Used alone , lupus generally refers to tuberculosis of the skin ( lupus vulgaris ) .
Used alone , the term most commonly refers to diabetes mellitus .
Used for centuries as an arrow poison by South American Indians , curare was formerly employed to control the muscle spasms of tetanus and , more recently , as a muscle relaxant in surgical operations .
Used to treat heart failure , it is administered by mouth , or , in emergency , by injection .
Using a 20ml syringe with a three - way tap , rh positive blood is withdraw from the baby ( via the umbilical vein ) , ejected , and replaced by 20ml Rh negative donor blood , without detaching the syringe .
Using a fine knife , an incision is made from within the eye into Schlemm 's canal , at the junction of the cornea and sclera , and continued outwards until the knife appears beneath the conjunctiva .
Using a micropipette it is possible to add or take away material from individual cells under the microscope .
Using palpation it is possible , in many cases , to distinguish between swellings that are solid and those that are cystic ( see fluctuation ) .
Using this technique it is possible to dissect the nuclei of cells and even to separate individual chromosomes .
Using two hands to perform an activity , such as a gynaecological examination .
Usuallly applied to a blood vessel or nerve that does not follow its normal course .
Usually 100 white cells are counted and classified under the microscope , so that the results can readily be expressed as percentages of the total number of leucocytes and the absolute numbers per litre of blood .
Usually a black crescentic gap is seen at the edge of the iris where the tear has occurred , and the pupil is displaced away from the site of the tear .
Usually applied to pain or discomfort in the lower chest or abdomen after eating and sometimes accompanied by nausea or vomiting .
Usually describing the cold clammy skin associated with certain forms of malaria .
Usually due to total failure of its development in the embryo .
Usually given injection , it penetrates the cerebrospinal fluid and is highly active against infective organism ( Trypanosoma gambiense ) .
Usually only one Graffian follicle will ovulate in each menstrual cycle .
Usually only the transverse and sigmoid mesocolons persist in the adult , attached to the transverse and sigmoid colon , respectively .
Usually several years ' heavy drinking is needed for addiction to develop , but the range is from one to 40 years .
Usually the chairmen of each Cog - wheel division form an executive committee for day - to - day decisions that are ratified at less frequent ( quarterly ) meetings of the medical committee .
Usually the infection responds to antobiotics , but surgery ( see mastoidectomy ) may be required in severe cases .
Usually the last component in the sequence is taught first , as it is this component that is followed by reinforcement .
Usually the vertical and horizotal curvatures are measured .
Usually this is to disguise an inability to remember past events .
Usually two independent medical opinions are required before brain death is agreed , but organs such as kidneys may then legally be removed for transplantation surgery before heart has stopped .
Uterine procidentia may result from injury to the floor of the pelvic cavity .
V agents also act through the skin , therefore gas masks are ineffective protection against them .
Vaccination against cholera is effective for only 6 - 9 months .
Vaccination against the disease provides only partial protection .
Vaccination is often carried out in two or three stages , as separate doses are less likely to cause unpleasant side - effects .
Vaccination with TAB provides temporary immunity .
Vaccination with TAB provides temporary immunity against paratyphoid A and B .
Vaginal discharge , especially with blood , may be a symptom .
Vaginal suppositories are used to treat some gynaecological disorders ( see pessary ) .
Vaginitis may indicate the presence of venereal disease .
Valves are important structures in the heart , veins , and lymphatic vessels .
Vaporizers are used to produce acrosols of various medications for use in inhalation therapy .
Variation from normal behaviour beyond the limits acceptable to the majority of the conforning peer group , particularly ( though not exclusively ) applied to sexual habits ( see also perversion ) .
Variations in chemical composition of the ground substance and in the proportions and quantities of cells and fibres give rise to tissues of widely differing characteristics , including bone , cartilage , tendons , and ligaments as well as adipose , areolar , and elastic tissues .
Various bloodsucking insects transmit tropical diseases , for example the female Anopheles mosquito transmits malaria and the tsetse fly transmits sleeping sickness .
Various drugs have this effect , including some antihistamines ( e . g . cyclizine , promethazine ) and anticholinergic drugs .
Various factors , such as age , sex , and particularly thyroid activity , influence the value of the BMR .
Various kinds of gene have been discovered : structural genes determine the biochemical makeup of the proteins ; regulator genes control the rate of protein production ( see operon ) .
Various repellents , e . g . benzyl benzoate , can be applied clothing .
Various species of black fly , in which Onchocerca undergoes part of its development , transmit the infective larvae to man .
Various types of bag may be worn to collect the effluent .
Vasectomy does not affect sexual desire or potency .
Vasectomy of both ducts causes sterility and is an increasingly popular means of birth control .
Vaso - epididymostomy in therefore usually performed by anastomosing the head of the epididymis to a longitudinal incision in the lumen of the adjacent vas .
Vasoconstrictors in disorders of the circulation , shock , or severe bleeding and to maintain blood pressure during surgery .
Vasodilators are used to lower blood pressure in cases of hypertension .
Vasopressin also causes constriction of blood vessels .
Vectorcardiography is less commonly used in Britain , but may be employed to obtain a three - dimensional impression of electrical activity of the heart .
Veins contaion valves that assist flow of blood back to the heart .
Veins that are distended , lengthened , and tortuous .
Venereal warts are found on the genitals or around the anus in both sexes .
Venous blood containing digested food is brought to the liver in the hepatic portal vein ( see portal system ) .
Venous sinuses occur , for example , in the dura mater and drain blood from the brain .
Ventilation , perfusion imbalance ( ventilation of under - perfused alveoli or perfusion of under - ventilated alveoli ) is an important cause of anoxia and cyanosis .
Very high doses cause death within hours from destructive lesions of the central nervous system .
Very rarely both upper halves or both lower halves are lost , producing an altitudinal hemianopia .
Very severe cases sometimes require surgical fusion .
Very slowacting barbiturates ( such as phenobarbitone ) are used as sedative and to control epilepsy .
Vesicle occur in a variety of skin disorders , including eczema and herpes .
Vesicoureteric reflux in childhood is one of the causes .
Viability is deemed to start at the 28th week of pregnancy and a fetus born dead before this time is known as an abortion or miscarriage .
Vibrations emerging from the cochlea could cause pressure to build up inside the ear , but this is released through the Eustachian tube .
Vibrations or tremors in a part of the body , detected by feeling with the fingers or hand ( palpation ) or by listening ( auscultation ) .
Vicarious menstruation is bleeding from a mucous membrane other than the womb lining when normal menstruation is due .
Vigorous treatment that aims at the complete cure of a disease rather than the mere relief of symptoms .
Vigorous treatment with procaine penicillin is required .
Viral encephalitis is endemic in some parts of the world , it may also occur epidemically or sporadically .
Viral meningitis does not respond to drugs .
Virtually non - toxic , it can also be given by mouth to treat such conditions as lacerations of the mouth or tongue and gastric ulcers .
Viruses are now thought to be the cause of nonspecific meningitis , many gastrointestinal and respiratory tract infections , and of many illnesses producing symptoms of the common cold .
Viruses are too small to be visible with a light microscope and too small to be trapped by filters .
Viruses cause many disease , including the common cold , influenza , measles , mumps , chickenpox , herpes , smallpox , polio , and rabies .
Viruses may possibly play a role in the origin and growth of the tumour , which has been shown to be very sensitive to cytotoxic drug therapy .
Visceral ( smooth ) muscles develop from unsegmented mesoderm ( see mesenchyme ) .
Vision becomes blurred but the eye is usually painless .
Vision is lost in the affected part of the retina .
Vision is usually poor in the severe cases .
Visual sensations caused by changes within the eye itself , rather than by the normal light stimulation process .
Vitamin B12 is manufactured only by certain microorganisms and is contained only in foods of animal origin .
Vitamin D is necessary for the uptake of calcium from food .
Vitamin D is toxic and large doses must therefore be avoided .
Vitamins are divided into two groups , according to whether they are soluble in water or fat .
Vocal resonance is lost over pleural fluid except at its upper surface , when it has a bleating quality and is called aegophony .
Voluntary aerophagy is used to permit oesophageal speech after surgical removal of the larynx ( usually for cancer ) .
Voluntary raising of the tongue forces food backwards towards the pharynx .
Vomited material may be yellowish or bluish .
Vomiting and diarrhoea sometimes occur , but fever is slight .
Vomiting is controlled by a special centre in the brain that may be stimulated by drugs ( e . g . apomorphine ) acting directly on it ; or by impulses transmitted through nervous pathways either from the stomach ( e . g . after ingesting irritating substances , in gastritis and other stomach disease ) , the intestine ( e . g . in intestinal obstruction ) , or from the inner ear ( in travel sickness ) .
W . bancrofti is a tropical and subtropical species that causes elephantiasis , lymphangitis , and chyluria .
Walking on the entire sole of the foot : a habit of man and some animals .
Warfarin has also been used as a rat poison .
Warm - blooded : able to maintain a constant body temperature independently of , and despite variations in , the temperature of the surroundings .
Warm gloves and antispasmodic drugs ( such as phenoxybenzamine ) may relieve the condition .
Wartlike eruptions in the anal and genital regions are common .
Warts , polyps , and other growths can be burned away by this method .
Warts and skin cancer may develop after many years of exposure to these chemicals .
Warts usually disappear spontaneously but there is a wide range of treatment , including local application of chemicals , removal with a curette , and electrocautery .
Washing out a body cavity , such as the colon or stomach , with water or a medicated solution .
Washing out the contents of the large bowel by means of copious enemas , using either water , with or without soap , or other medication .
Wasting of the body , caused by such conditions as malnutrition , tuberculosis , cancer , or parasitic worms .
Water and waste products from the patient 's blood filter through the membrane , whose pores are too small to allow passage of blood cells and proteins .
Watering of the eye , in which tears flow onto the cheek .
Waves of peristalsis assist the passage of food .
Weakness ; loss of strength , the surgical removal of a nerve .
Weakness of a limb or limbs associated with increased reflex activity .
Weakness of both legs , resulting form disease of the nervous system .
Weakness of the voice , especially when due to fatigue .
Western dietary intake is approximately 500 - 1000 mg / day .
Wheals may be caused by scratching or rubbing the skin and are sometimes the sign of a local or general allergy ( see urticaria ) .
When a nerve impulse is triggered , a wave of depolarization spreads , and ions flow across the membrane ( see action potential ) .
When a patient has committed a dangerous act , the court may order compulsory admission to a hospital with special security arrangements ( e . g . Broadmoor ) .
When a patient 's allergen has been identified , it may be possible to attempt desensitization to alleviate or prevent allergic attacks .
When a taste cell in stimulated by the presence of a dissolved substance impulses are sent via nerve fibres to the brain .
When accompanied by stress incontinence of urine , surgical repair ( anterior colporrhaphy ) in indicated .
When all the pigment is bleached ( i . e . in bright light ) , the rods no longer function .
When applied to the surface of the body , it evaporates to leave a thin clear transparent skin , useful for the protection of minor wounds .
When associated with sciatica , it is probably due to a slipped disc .
When blood of different groups is mixed , agglutination occurs because serum contains natural antibodies ( isoagglutinins ) that attack red cells of a foreign group , whether previously encountered or not .
When blood pressure is raised , impulses travel from the receptors to the vasomotor centre in the brain , which initiates a reflex vasodilatation and slowing of heart rate to lower the blood pressure to normal .
When breathed in it combines with haemoglobin in the red blood cells to form carboxyhaemoglobin , which is bright red in colour .
When cell division occurs these separate and move to opposite sides of the nucleus , and the spindle is formed between them .
When chromosome division takes place the centromeres split longitudinally .
When combined with the use of a chemical spermicide the diaphragm provides reliable contraception with a failure rate as low as 2 - 10 pregnancies per 100 woman - years .
When electrolyte concentrations are severely diminished they can be corrected by administering the appropriate substance by mouth or by intravenous drip .
When excess of an electrolyte exists it may be removed by dialysis or by special resins in the intestine , taken by mouth or by enema .
When exposed to air , urobilinogen is oxidized to a brown pigment , urobilin .
When factors such as age structure or sex of populations may seriously affect their rates ( as in mortality or morbidity rates ) it is more meaningful to compare age / sex specific rates using one or more age groups of a designated sex ( e . g . lung cancer in males aged 55 - 64 years ) .
When feasible , transfusion of white blood cells may be life - saving .
When first formed , a blood clot is a loose meshwork of fibres containing various blood cells .
When incapacity arises from an injury at work or through contact with toxic substances ( e . g . lead ) at work , payment is made at a higher rate and there is also no qualifying period ( injury benefit ) .
When inhaled or swallowed it may severely damage the heart , liver , and kidneys , causing cirrhosis and nephrosis , and it can also affect the optic nerve and other nerves .
When it develops from the sheath of a nerve root , it causes pain and may compress the spinal cord .
When it occurs in younger people it may indicate abnormal fat metabolism , but there is great racial variation in its incidence .
When mature , it bursts from the follicle and travels along the Fallopian tube to the womb .
When measured under controlled conditions and using appropriate techniques , coagulation times may be used to test the function of the various stages of the blood coagulation process .
When mixed with water it becomes sticky and enables air to be trapped and dough to be formed .
When muscle contraction takes place , the two sets of filaments slide past each other , so reducing the length of each unit ( sarcomere ) of the myofibril .
When occurring as an isolated sensory symptom it indicates damage to the spinothalamic tract in the spinal cord , which conveys the impulses of temperature to the thalamus .
When one or more observations are substantially different from the rest , which can influence the arithmetic mean unduly , it is preferable to use the geometric mean ( a similar calculation based on the logarithmic values of the observations ) or more commonly - the median ( the middle observation of the series arranged in ascending order ) .
When oxidized haematoxylin is converted to haematein , which imparts a blue colour to certain parts of cells , especially cell nuclei .
When part of Horner 's syndrome , ptosis is accompanied by a small pupil and an absence of sweating on that side of the face .
When performed for cancer of the kidney , the entire organ is removed together with its surrounding fat and the adjacent adrenal gland ( radical nephrectomy ) .
When present from birth , the displacement is usually inwards towards the nose .
When sound waves reach the ear , the tympanum vibrates , transmitting these vibrations to the malleus - one of the auditory ossicles in the middle ear - to which it is attached .
When stones are associated with urinary obstruction and infection they usually require surgical removal ( see nephrolothotomy , pyelolithotomy ) .
When swallowed it causes burning of the mouth and throat , which should be treated by giving water , milk , or other fluid to dilute the stomach contents and by gastric lavage .
When swallowed it exerts its most serious effects upon the lungs , the tissues of which it destroys after a few days .
When symptoms develop the valve should be replaced surgically with a mechanical prosthesis ( such as a Starr - Edwards ball - cage valve ) or with an aortic valve graft .
When the anaemia is less severe the fetus may reach term in good condition , but the accummulation of the bile pigment bilirubin from the destroyed cells causes severe jaundice after birth , which may require exchange transfusion .
When the basilar membrane vibrates , the sensory cells become distorted and send nerve impulses to the brain via the cochlear nerve .
When the blood flows backwards , the cusps fill up and become distended , so closing the valve .
When the body is too cold the sweat glands are inactive , the capillaries contract , and a layer of air is trapped over the epidermis by the erected hairs .
When the body is too hot , loss of heat is increased by sweating and by the dilation of the capillaries .
When the breasts are too small , a prosthesis may be inserted to improve the contour .
When the capsule is in the jejunum a small knife within it is triggered by suction on an attached tube , cutting off a small piece of mucosa .
When the cells dies , these enzymes are released to break down the cell 's components .
When the child starts to pass urine it is detected by a pad ( or by sheets of metallic mesh ) and this sets off a bell ( or loud buzzer ) , which wakens the child .
When the ciliary muscle ( see ciliary body ) is relaxed , suspensory ligaments attached to the ciliary body and holding the lens in position are stretched , which causes the lens to be flattened .
When the concentration of bilirubin is above 1 - 1.5mg per 100ml , visible jaundice occurs .
When the cover is removed the eye immediately returns to its normal position .
When the eye is directed at an object , the part of the image that is focused on the fovea is the part that is most accurately registered by the brain .
When the head moves the fluid ( endolymph ) in the canals presses on the cristae , which register the movement and send nerve impulses to the brain .
When the host bacterium is destroyed the phage infects another bacterium and introduces the DNA from its previous host , which may become incorporated into the new host 's DNA .
When the inflammation involves the first part of the nerve and can be seen at the optic disc .
When the level is over 8 parts per million systemic fluorosis may occur , with calcification of ligaments .
When the membrane surrounding the heart ( pericardium ) is also involved the condition is termed pancarditis .
When the mosquito bites an individual , parasites are injected into the bloodstream and migrate to the liver and other organs , where they multiply .
When the next batch of parasited is released , symptoms reappear .
When the score is low , the test is repeated at intervals as a guide to progress .
When the symptoms are combined with those of tabes dorsalis , the condition is called tabo - paresis .
When the top of the baby 's head appears at the vaginal opening the whole infant is eased clear of the vagina , and the umbilical cord is cut .
When the two bones have joined , by growth and reshaping , the clamps can be removed .
When there are other features , including fever and enlargement of the liver and spleen , the condition is known as the Weber - Christian disease .
When they share premises , secretarial help , and other resources this constitutes a group practice and the premises from which they operate may be privately owned or may be a publicly owned health centre .
When this becomes markedly dominant it may be a feature of schizoid personality or of schizophrenia .
When this is not possible , for example because the tooth or root is deeply buried within the bone , extraction is performed surgically by removing bone and dividing the tooth .
When transilluminated , its fluid volume can be appraised without puncture and any meconium observed .
When used as a local anasthetic , side - effects are rare .
When ventricular fibrillation occurs the heart stops beating ( see cardiac arrects ) .
When viewed under a microscope myofibrils show alternating bands of high and low refractive index , which give striated muscles its characteristic appearance .
When well developed it can be seen by unaided observation , but faint Kayser - Fleischer rings may only be detected by specialized ophthalmological examination .
Where several factors appear to correlate with the onset of disease the relative importance of each may be calculated by the statistical technique known as multivariate analysis .
Where the antibody meets its antigen , a band of precipitation occurs .
Wherever possible , districts have common boundaries with local authorities in order to try and ensure liaison with the Social Service Department , which provides many important services to support the sick and aged ( see social services ) .
Wherever possible those entering the trial should be allocated to their respective groups by means of random numbers , and one such group ( controls ) should have no active treatment ( randomized controlled trial ) .
While in the training grades specialist examinations are taken and consultant appointment is based on a combination of qualifications by examination and practical experience in post .
While not necessarily a symptoms of chronic mental illness and of personality disorders , particularly psychopathy .
While not necessarily pathological , it can be caused by epilepsy ( especially of the temporal lobe ) or by schizophrenia .
While this can happen spontaneously , it is usually deliberately produced by a therapist using psychotherapy , hypnosis , or drugs such as amphetamines or barbiturates .
Whispered sounds ( whispering pectoriloquy ) can be heard over the lung of a patient with pneumonia .
White blood cells enter the tissue and begin to engulf bacteria and other foreign particles .
White blood cells form vacoules when they surround and digest bacteria and other foreign material .
White discoloration of the nails , which may be total or partial .
White patches may occur as a result of alopecia areata or vitiligo .
Whooping cough is seldom serious but the child is susceptible to pneumonia and tuberculosis .
Widely distributed in an organ or in the whole body .
Widening of the bronchi or their branches .
Widening of the pupil , which occurs normally in dim light .
Widespead formation of abscesses may develop , with fatal results .
Widespread destruction of tissues due to absorption of disease causing bacteria or their toxins from the bloodstream .
With actin , it comprises the principal contractile element of muscles .
With both eyes open and looking straight forward it is possible to see well - illuminated objects placed anywhere in front of the eyes , although the eyebrows and eyelids reduce the extent of the field somewhat .
With each expiration it relaxes and is restored to its dome shape .
With either instrument the bronchial tree can be washed out , and samples of tissue and foreign bodies can be removed with long forceps .
With experience it is possible to detect the presence of abnormal solidification or enlargement in different organs and the presence of fluid , for example in the lungs .
With only one eye open the field is uniocular and is restricted inwards by the nose .
With Romanowsky stains , lymphocytes are seen to have dense nuclei with clear pale blue cytoplasm .
With Romanowsky stains platelets appear as fragments of pale - blue cytoplasm with a few red granules .
Withdrawal of a sample of the amniotic fluid surrounding an embryo in the womb by piercing the amniotic sac through the abdominal wall .
Withdrawal of the drugs must be undertaken slowly , over 1 - 3 weeks , to avoid the withdrawal symptoms of tremors and convulsions , which can prove fatal .
Within , and continuous with it , lies the white matter , through which connection is made with the rest of the nervous system .
Within are a pair of vocal cords which function in the production of voice .
Within each hemisphere is a crescent - shaped fluid - filled cavity ( lateral ventricle ) , connected to the central third ventricle in the diencephalon .
Within the body , haemolysis may result from defects within the red cells or from poisoning , infection , or the action of antibodies in mismatched blood transfusions and it leads to anaemia .
Within the central nervous system certain well - defined masses of nerve cells are called ganglia ( or nuclei ) ; for example , the basal ganglia .
Within the lungs each pulmonary artery divides into many fine branches , which end in capillaries in the alveolar walls .
Within the meninges of the spinal cord .
Within the middle ear are three bones - the auditory ossicles - which transmit sound vibrations from the outer ear to the inner ear ( see labyrinth ) .
Within the pyramid fibres cross from one side of the brain to the opposite of the spinal cord .
Within the sac is a very small amount of fluid , which prevents friction as the two surfaces slide over one another as the heart beats .
Without , or not showing any signs of a fever .
Without this absorption by ozone , the earth would be subjected to a lethal amounts of ultraviolet radiation .
Without this sense coordinated movement would be impossible with the eyes closed .
Without treatment death can occur within a week , but administration of penicillin or sulphonamide drugs is usually effective .
Without vitamin D nor enough calcium salts are deposited in the bones to make them rigid .
Women can carry the disease and pass it on to their sons without being affected themselves .
Women can carry the genes but their harmful effects are usually masked by the dominant ( normal ) alleles on their second X chromosome .
Women have two X chromosomes and men one .
Women suffer more than men and the cause is uncertain , though psychological factors probably play a part .
Women taking the contraceptive pill may also develop chloasma .
Wood alcohol : an alcohol that is oxidized in the body much more slowly than ethyl alcohol and forms poisonous products .
Worms are expelled from the intestine using various anthelmintics , including niclosamide , dichlorophen , and quinacrine hydrochloride .
Worms may occasionally enter the vulva and cause a discharge from the vagina .
Worms often migrate across the eyeball just beneath the conjunctiva , where they cause irritation and congestion .
Writing in which the words and letters are reversed so that they appear as mirror images .
X - ray examination may reveal gas within the peritoneal cavity .
X - ray examination of an artery that has been outlined by the injection of a radio - opaque contrast medium .
X - ray examination of part of the body using a gas , such as air or carbon dioxide , as a contrast medium .
X - ray examination of the aorta , which involves the injection into it of a radio - opaque contrast medium , after which a series of X - rays is taken ( see angiocardiography ) .
X - ray examination of the bile ducts , used to demonstrate the site and nature of any obstruction to the ducts or to show the presence of stones within them .
X - ray examination of the bronchial tree after it has been made visible by the injection of radio - opaque dye or the inhalation of radio - opaque particles , such as tantalum .
X - ray examination of the chambers of the heart after introducing a radio - opaque contrast medium into the blood in the heart .
X - ray examination of the gall bladder .
X - ray examination of the kidneys using radio - opaque contrast material .
X - ray examination of the lymphatic vessels and lymph nodes after an contrast medium has been injected into them ( see angiography ) .
X - ray examination of the salivary glands , after introducing a quantity of radio - opaque material into the ducts of the salivary glands in the mouth .
X - ray examination of the seminal vesicles .
X - ray examination of the urethra , after introduction of a radio - opaque fluid , so that its outline and any narrowing or other abnormalities may be observed in X - ray photographs ( urethrograms ) .
X - ray examination of the urinary bladder after the injection of a contrast medium .
X - ray examination of the ventricles of the brain after the introduction of a contrast medium , such as air or radio - opaque material .
X - ray examination to show up the course of veins in a particular region of the body .
X - ray of the lungs shows patchy consolidation .
X - ray photographs show the size and disposition of the ventricles and the subarachnoid spaces .
X - rays are produced when high - energy beams of electrons strike matter .
Xanthine is an intermediate product of the breakdown of nucleic acids to uric acid .
Xerosis affecting the conjunctiva is due not to decreased production of tears but to changes in the membrane itself , which becomes thickened and grey in the area exposed when the eyelids are open .
Xylene , cedar oil , methyl benzoate plus benzol , and methyl salicylate plus benzol are commonly used as clearing agents .
Yaws , which commonly affects children , is prevalent in hot humid lowlands of equatorial Africa , tropical America , the Far East , and the West Indies .
Yaws occurs chiefly in conditions of poor hygiene .
Yeasts are a commercial source of proteins and of vitamins of the B complex .
Yeasts reproduce asexually by budding and sexually by the formation of spores .
Yellow discoloration , such as may affect the skin ( for example , in jaundice ) or the cerebrospinal fluid ( when it contains the breakdown products of haemoglobin from red blood cells that have entered it ) .
Yellow discoloration of the skin ( see jaundice ) appears about a week later and persists for up to three weeks .
Yellow fever often proves fatal , but recovery from a first attack confers subsequent immunity .
Yellow vision : the condition in which all objects appear to have a yellowish tinge .
Yttrium - 90 , which emits beta rays , can be used in the form of 1 mm spheres scattered around a tumour or injected directly into a tumour in the form of a solution .
Zinc oxide - eugenol cements are widely used as temporary fillings .
People who have any of these conditions should not get the vaccine until they have completely healed .
This is true even if the condition is not currently active , is mild or was experienced as a child .
1145 cases of Japanese encephalitis have been reported from 14 districts of Uttar Pradesh Province , India from 29 July to 30 August 2005 .
1918 influenza pandemic caused at least 500,000 U . S . deaths and up to 40 million deaths worldwide .
1957 influenza pandemic caused at least 70,000 U . S . deaths and 1 to 2 million deaths worldwide .
1968 influenza pandemic caused about 34,000 U . S . deaths and 700,000 deaths worldwide .
2000 - Accidental exposure to smallpox vaccine in the Russian Federation .
A : From April to October , when mosquitoes are most active , take the following precautions :
A : Mosquitoes lay their eggs in standing or slow - moving ( such as streams or creeks ) water .
A crop duster over a residential area or a lawn service firing up its sprayers in a parking lot .
A dirty bomb , or radiological dispersion device , is a bomb that combines conventional explosives , such as dynamite , with radioactive materials in the form of powder or pellets .
A dirty bomb is designed to spread radioactive material and contaminate a small area .
A few hosts are distributed nearly worldwide , such as the common rat , which can carry Seoul virus , a cause of HFRS .
A field investigation was conducted immediately , with team members from the Ministry of Health , Ministry of Agriculture , WHO , Pasteur Institute and FAO .
A fourth child in the family , a six - year - old boy , is also hospitalized , tests on samples from these patients are ongoing ; neither is laboratory confirmed at present .
A live vaccine is available as an investigational new drug .
A mass vaccination campaign will be carried out in 4 high risk districts ( Boké , Boffa , Gaoual , Koundara ) with 800 000 vaccines doses from the Global Alliance for Vaccines and Immunization ( GAVI ) Emergency Stockpile and 100 000 doses made available from the routine vaccination stockpile maintained by the Ministry of Health .
A meltdown or explosion at a nuclear facility could cause a large amount of radioactive material to be released .
A new case of laboratory - confirmed infection with the SARS corona virus has been reported today by the Ministry of Health in China , this is the fourth case ( 3 confirmed and one probable ) detected in China Since 16 December 2003 .
A pandemic can create a shortage of hospital beds , ventilators and other supplies .
A pandemic can start when three conditions have been met :
A pandemic is a global disease outbreak .
A patient who has severe botulism may require a breathing machine as well as intensive medical and nursing care for several months .
A person 's clothing can release sarin for about 30 minutes after it has come into contact with sarin vapor , which can lead to exposure of other people .
A person 's clothing can release VX for about 30 minutes after contact with VX vapor , which can lead to exposure of other people .
A person in close contact with one of the doctors has also developed fever .
A person with smallpox is sometimes contagious with onset of fever , but the person becomes most contagious with the onset of rash .
A previously unrecognized corona virus has been identified as the cause of SARS .
A rash follows that spreads and progresses to raised bumps and pus - filled blisters that crust , scab and fall off after about three weeks , leaving a pitted scar .
A second killed vaccine is available for boosting antibodies in those who initially received the live vaccine .
A severe exposure may cause symptoms within one to two hours and may include the symptoms of a mild or moderate exposure plus light sensitivity , severe pain or blindness ( lasting up to 10 days ) .
A substantial percentage of the world 's population will require some form of medical care .
A supply of antitoxin against botulism is maintained by the U . S . Centers for Disease Control and Prevention .
A team of international experts from WHO are on a joint mission there with the Ministry of Health of China and the Chinese Centre for Disease Control and Prevention .
A three - to five - day supply of non - perishable food ( i . e . , canned foods and juices , granola bars , dried meats ) .
A vaccine for tularemia is under review by the U . S . Food and Drug Administration and is not currently available in the United States .
A WHO collaborating laboratory in the United Kingdom has today confirmed detection of the H5N1 virus in samples taken from the two fatal cases .
Abandoned equipment that might have been used to produce a spray or a powder aerosol .
About 12 days after people are infected with the virus , they will get a fever , headache , muscle aches and backache ; their lymph nodes will swell ; and they will feel tired .
About one - fourth of these ( n = 296 ) have died , 90 cases from the adjoining districts of Bihar have also been admitted to the hospitals in Uttar Pradesh .
According to a United Nations report , Iraq tested a dirty bomb device in 1987 but found that the radiation levels were too low to cause significant damage .
According to FAO , highly pathogenic H5N1 avian influenza is now endemic in poultry in many parts of Indonesia .
According to Turkish authorities , some 30 patients are being treated and evaluated for possible H5N1 infection at a hospital in Van Province , most of the patients are children , and the majority come from the rural district of Dogubayazit .
According to WHO guidelines for the global surveillance of SARS , classification as a confirmed case at the start of an outbreak requires independent verification of results by an external international reference laboratory .
Additional field epidemiological and environmental investigations are being conducted with the support of Institut de Veille Sanitaire , Paris , in order to identify the source of transmission .
Additional information received after this posting indicates that several cooling towers in the area were positive for Legionella by the polymerase chain reaction , but the organism has not been isolated thus far .
Additional patients in China under investigation for SARS ; WHO team travels to Beijing - update 2 .
Adequate supplies of antivirals are usually available .
Adverse health effects caused by sulfur mustard depend upon the amount people are exposed to , the route of exposure , and the length of time that people are exposed .
After a nuclear explosion , radioactive fallout would extend over a large region far from the point of impact , potentially increasing people 's risk of developing cancer over time .
After exposure , it takes between seven and 17 days for symptoms of smallpox to appear .
After several weeks , the paralysis slowly improves .
After the disease was eliminated from the world , routine vaccination against smallpox among the general public was stopped because it was no longer necessary for prevention .
After the events of September and October 2001, however , the U . S . government took further actions to improve its level of preparedness against terrorism .
After two to seven days , SARS patients may develop a dry cough and have trouble breathing .
Again , people who have been directly exposed to the smallpox virus should get the vaccine , regardless of their health status .
Agricultural authorities so far have not been able to confirm the presence of the H5 virus subtype in poultry in the vicinity of the patient 's residence or place of work .
Alerts to potential cases continue to be received and investigated , indicating that vigilance remains high .
All 4 of the patients are alive .
All biological materials and pharmaceuticals such as vaccines , drugs and diagnostic specimens should be disposed of safely .
All cases in this family were hospitalized on 22 March and remain under care .
All five cases are in a family from the northern port city of Haiphong .
All forms of botulism can be fatal and are considered medical emergencies .
All have tested negative for the H5N1 virus .
All his relevant human contacts identified so far are well .
All nerve agents cause their toxic effects by preventing the proper operation of the chemical that acts as the body 's " off switch " for glands and muscles .
All nerve agents cause their toxic effects by preventing the proper operation of the chemical that acts as the body 's " off switch " for glands and muscles .
All three patients are from Hanoi and remain alive .
Almost all cold and flu symptoms are not anthrax .
Also , be sure to use any antibiotic exactly as directed by the doctor or pharmacy .
Also , even if someone were to put the bacteria that cause anthrax in your workplace on purpose , it is highly unlikely that you would carry the bacteria home to your children on your clothes or hair .
Also , KI can be dangerous to some people .
Also , the vaccine can have side effects .
Although a dirty bomb could cause serious injuries from the explosion , it most likely would not have enough radioactive material in a form that would cause serious radiation sickness among large numbers of people .
Although all 30 provinces have been affected , outbreaks with unusually high numbers of cases have been reported from 293 cities and districts in 17 provinces of the country .
Although introducing radioactive material into the food or water supply most likely would cause great concern or fear , it probably would not cause much contamination or increase the danger of negative health effects .
Although most people exposed to the meningococcus bacteria do not become seriously ill , some may develop fever , headache , vomiting , a stiff neck and a rash .
Although no antidote exists for sulfur mustard , exposure is usually not fatal .
Although no poultry outbreak has been officially reported in the district , a confirmed outbreak of H5N1 avian influenza in chickens and ducks was reported on 27 December in the adjacent province of Igdir .
Although people usually become infected only in areas where the host lives , people occasionally become infected by a host that has been exported from its native habitat .
Although smallpox disease has been eradicated , two laboratories still hold stocks of smallpox virus , these are the WHO Collaborating Centres in Atlanta , USA and Koltsovo , Russian Federation .
Although the two cases are related and lived in the same neighbourhood , human - to - human transmission is considered unlikely .
Although they may bleed from many sites around the body , patients rarely die because of blood loss .
Although treatment for brucellosis can be difficult , doctors can prescribe effective antibiotics .
Although you may be tempted to ask your doctor for a supply of antibiotics to keep on hand , neither the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention ( CDC ) nor the American Academy of Pediatrics recommends doing this .
Altogether , agricultural officials have confirmed poultry outbreaks in 11 provinces and are investigating possible outbreaks in an additional 14 provinces across the country .
An equally important activity is to quickly detect all chains of transmission and interrupt them through rapid case detection , tracing and follow - up of contacts , and infection control in hospitals .
An influenza pandemic occurs when a new influenza virus emerges for which there is little or no immunity in the human population , begins to cause serious illness and then spreads easily person - to - person worldwide .
An investigation is currently underway with team members from Indonesia 's Ministry of Health , Ministry of Agriculture , United States Naval Medical Research Unit 2, and WHO to identify potential sources of the infection .
Another difference is that monkeypox causes the lymph nodes to swell .
Anthrax is an illness caused by bacteria found naturally in the soil .
Antibiotics such as streptomycin and tetracycline are effective in treating those infected with the organism .
Antidotes are available for sarin .
Antidotes are available for VX .
Any clothing that has the pulled over the head should be cut off the body instead of pulled over the head .
Anyone can get meningococcal meningitis , but it is more common in infants and children .
Are allergic to the vaccine or any of its ingredients .
Are diluted doses of smallpox vaccine as effective ?
Are there complications from botulism ?
Are younger than 12 months of age .
Arrangements have been made to send specimens from several patients to the UK collaborating laboratory for further analysis .
As a result of intensified surveillance and heightened public concern , growing numbers of people with respiratory symptoms or possible exposure to the virus are being admitted to hospital for observation and , when appropriate , treatment .
As influenza virus activity in Indonesia may increase during the wet season , from November to April , human exposure to animal virus could be greater during the coming months .
As of 16 November 2005, 404 cases and 118 deaths were reported from different localities in South Kordofan State ( Abu Gebiha , Rashad , Dilling , Kadugli , Talodi ) .
As of 18 July , the National Centre for Epidemiology , Spain , has reported a total of 751 cases of suspected legionellosis in Murcia ( see previous report ) .
As of 19 December , the Ministry of Health , Guinea has reported a total of 114 suspected cases of yellow fever with 26 deaths , since the beginning of the year .
As of 21 November 2001, the WHO Collaborating Centres , the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention ( CDC ) have reported 23 human cases of anthrax , with 18 of these being confirmed and 5 being suspected .
There have now been 5 deaths associated with inhalational anthrax among the 23 cases , WHO is continuing to monitor the situation in the United States .
For the latest information from CDC , click here In addition , a detailed report on the anthrax outbreak is available in CDC 's Mortality and Morbidity Weekly Report ( MMWR ) .
As of 24 May , a total of 12 cases ( 1 laboratory - confirmed and 11 epidemiologically linked ) including 9 deaths has been reported in Etoumbi and Mbomo in Cuvette Ouest Region .
As of 26 November 2002, the WHO Collaborating Centre for Arthropod Borne Viruses - Western Hemisphere , at the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention ( CDC ) has reported 3 737 human cases of the West Nile virus , with 214 deaths occurring in 39 states and the District of Columbia .
As of 31 August , two new polio cases were reported in Ethiopia , bringing the total number of cases associated with this outbreak to 15 in 2005 .
As of 4 November 2001, the WHO Collaborating Centres , the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention ( CDC ) have reported 22 human cases of anthrax , with 17 of these being confirmed and 5 being suspected .
As of 5 June , the Ministry of Health in Angola has reported 423 cases of Marburg haemorrhagic fever .
As of today , close to 1000 contacts of these cases are under medical observation , including 640 in Beijing and 353 in Anhui .
As quickly as possible , wash any liquid sarin from the skin with large amounts of soap and water .
As quickly as possible , wash any liquid VX from the skin with large amounts of soap and water .
As soon as possible , shower with soap and water .
As with chemical exposure in general , pregnant women should take care to avoid exposure to DEET whenever practical .
At present , a total of 7 patients are being treated for H5N1 avian influenza at a hospital in Hanoi .
At present , the source of infection in this most recent SARS case is unknown .
At the end of April the situation has returned to normal with all provinces reporting cases at a low level .
Jakarta , Bali and Nusa Tenggarah Timur , which were among the most affected provinces , are still being monitored closely .
At the moment , the smallpox vaccine is not available for members of the general public .
At the request of the Chinese Ministry of Health , WHO is today sending the first members of an international team to help investigate the source of SARS cases recently reported in Beijing and the eastern province of Anhui .
At the request of the Ministry of Health , WHO sent a team of international experts to Viet Nam last week to assess laboratory and epidemiological data on recent cases and determine whether the present level of pandemic alert should be increased .
Authorities have closed the virology institute and placed its more than 200 employees under medical observation .
Authorities have linked his infection to close contact with diseased poultry during slaughter .
Average incubation time is 12 to 14 days .
Average U . S . deaths approximately 36,000 / yr .
Avian influenza - situation in Turkey - update 4 .
Avoid close contact with people who are sick .
Avoidance of high - risk behaviours remains the most important way for local populations to protect themselves from infection .
Barrier nursing or infection control techniques include isolating infected individuals and wearing protective clothing .
Based on experiences during the avian H5N1 outbreaks in Asia , behaviours that carry an especially high risk of infection include the slaughtering , defeathering , butchering , and preparation for consumption of diseased poultry .
Battery - operated portable radio and flashlight .
Be prepared to gather these items quickly in case you have to evacuate .
Because each virus is associated with one or more particular host species , however , the virus and the disease it causes usually are seen only where the host species live .
Because honey can contain spores of the bacteria that cause botulism and this has been a source of infection for infants , children younger than 12 months should not be fed honey ; however , honey is safe for people one year of age and older .
Because it evaporates so quickly , sarin presents an immediate but short - lived threat .
Because it evaporates so slowly , VX can be a long - term threat as well as a short - term threat .
Because many of the hosts that carry hemorrhagic fever viruses are rodents , disease prevention efforts include :
Because more and more people travel each year , outbreaks of these diseases are becoming an increasing threat in places where they rarely , if ever , have been seen before .
Because no antidote exists for sulfur mustard exposure , the best thing to do is avoid it .
Because of recent terrorist events , people have expressed concern about the possibility of a terrorist attack involving radioactive materials , possibly through the use of a " dirty bomb , " and the harmful effects of radiation from such an event .
Because of the dangerous and difficult aspects of obtaining high - level radioactive materials from a nuclear facility , there is a greater chance that the radioactive materials used in a dirty bomb would come from low - level radioactive sources .
Because of the huge consequences of such a change , WHO is following a cautious approach that combines heightened vigilance for new cases with immediate international verification of any suggestive findings .
Because ricin is toxic by numerous exposure routes , its use by terrorists might involve poisoning of water or foodstuffs , inoculation via ricin - laced projectiles , aerosolization of liquid ricin or distribution of a powder .
Because sarin breaks down slowly in the body , people who are repeatedly exposed to sarin may suffer more harmful health effects .
Because sarin has no odor , people may not know that they were exposed .
Because sarin mixes easily with water , it could be used to poison water .
Because sarin vapor is heavier than air , it will sink to low - lying areas and create a greater exposure hazard there .
Because sulfur mustard often has no smell or has a smell that might not cause alarm , people may not know right away that they have been exposed .
Because sulfur mustard vapor is heavier than air , it will settle in low - lying areas .
Because the botulism toxin is destroyed by high temperatures , people who eat home - canned foods should consider boiling the food for 10 minutes before eating it to ensure safety .
Because the detection of H5N1 in clinical specimens is technically challenging and prone to errors , members of the investigative team took sophisticated laboratory equipment with them to Hanoi for on - site testing .
Because the virus is live , it can spread to other parts of the body or to other people .
Because VEE is caused by a virus , antibiotics are not effective .
Because VX vapor is heavier than air , it will sink to low - lying areas and create a greater exposure hazard there .
Being at the site where a dirty bomb exploded does not guarantee that people were exposed to the radioactive material .
Being inside a building or a vehicle can provide shielding from some kinds of radiation .
Bird flu is an infection caused by avian ( bird ) flu viruses .
Bird flu viruses do not usually infect humans , but cases of human infection with bird flu viruses have occurred since 1997 .
Blood tests of animals in Africa later found that other types of animals probably had monkeypox .
Both patients are young children , aged four and six years , and both have a documented history of direct contact with diseased birds .
Botulism can result in death from respiratory failure .
Botulism is a muscle - paralyzing disease caused by a toxin made by a bacterium called Clostridium botulinum .
Botulism is a rare but serious paralytic illness caused by a nerve toxin produced by bacteria .
Botulism is not spread from one person to another , food - borne botulism can occur in all age groups .
Botulism is not spread from one person to another .
Brucellosis also can cause long - lasting or chronic symptoms that include recurrent fevers , joint pain and fatigue .
Brucellosis is an infectious disease caused by the bacteria of the genus Brucella .
Burkina Faso : 295 cases including 8 deaths ( case fatality rate - CFR 2.7 % ) have been reported in Ouagadougou town as of 22 August , affecting sectors of the town with precarious water and sanitation conditions .
But further tests on 23 December - including PCR tests carried out at the Chinese Center for Disease Control in Beijing - showed positive results .
Can botulism be prevented ?
Can I get botulism from another person ?
Can people get the bird flu ?
Can you die from monkeypox ?
Cancer treatment , an organ transplant , HIV or medications to treat autoimmune disorders and other illnesses can weaken the immune system .
Care for sick family members and fear of exposure can result in significant worker absenteeism .
Castor beans grow worldwide , and the toxin is fairly easily produced .
Casual contact as might occur in a regular classroom , office or factory setting is not usually significant enough to cause concern .
Category A agents are believed to pose the greatest potential threat to the public 's health and have a moderate to high potential of wide - spread infections .
Certain antibiotics are very effective in eliminating the bacteria from the nose and throat .
Change the water in birdbaths every three to four days .
Characteristics and Challenges of a Pandemic Rapid worldwide spread .
Chemical agents may kill or drive off insects ; nerve agents may act sufficiently rapidly that large numbers of dead insects may be seen on the ground .
Chemicals disseminated as vapors or aerosols inside a structure will affect those entering the structure .
Chemicals disseminated as vapors or aerosols will tend to move with the wind if outside , resulting in people becoming ill along the path the chemical travels in the environment .
Chemicals tend to affect people at roughly the same time , so release of a chemical agent will tend to produce a group of casualties at locations near the release .
Chemicals that injure humans usually will affect animals , although sometimes in different ways and at different speeds than humans .
Chemicals used to poison food or drink will affect only those eating or drinking the tainted materials ; the rapid action of most poisons will tend to produce casualties at or near the dining location without affecting those who don't eat ( e . g . , servers , cashiers , etc . ) .
Children may be frightened , overwhelmed or traumatized by news reports about bioterrorism .
Chinese authorities have heightened surveillance and reporting for SARS - like illness in health care facilities and have sent investigative teams to Anhui Province .
Clean and chlorinate swimming pools , outdoor saunas and hot tubs .
Clean clogged gutters in the spring and fall .
Clearly , an exploded nuclear device could result in a lot of property damage .
Close contacts ( family , day care , nursery school , etc . ) should be alerted to watch for early signs of illness , especially fever , and seek treatment promptly .
Close contacts who have been placed under medical observation have not displayed any symptoms , health authorities report .
Clusters of cases or outbreaks are rare in the United States .
Compared with the nerve agent sarin ( also known as GB ) , VX is considered to be much more toxic by entry through the skin and somewhat more toxic by inhalation .
Confirmatory testing was conducted at a WHO reference laboratory in Hong Kong .
Confirmed cases of Ebola hemorrhagic fever have been reported in Africa and in a laboratory worker in England .
Consequently , experts recommend that further tests are needed .
The team is providing support to the clinical management of cases in Zobia and Médecins sans Frontières - Belgium are constructing 2 isolation centres , social mobilization activities are taking place in surrounding areas .
Contact tracing and follow up of 214 contacts is underway and social mobilization activities are taking place in surrounding areas .
Control measures are being put in place , although the risk of waterborne diseases has been exacerbated by the current humanitarian situation .
Control measures have focused on all cooling towers which may be involved , as well as other potential sources .
Countries might , through measures such as border closures and travel restrictions , delay arrival of the virus , but cannot stop it .
Cover coughs and sneezes with tissues .
Cover your mouth and nose when coughing or sneezing .
Currently , antitoxin is not routinely given for treatment of infant botulism .
Currently , it has no medical use .
Currently , no vaccine or prophylactic antitoxin is available for human use , although immunization appears promising in animal models .
Currently , patients receive supportive therapy , this consists of balancing the patient 's fluids and electrolytes , maintaining their oxygen status and blood pressure , and treating them for any complicating infections .
Currently , the United States has enough smallpox vaccine to vaccinate everyone in the country who might need it in the event of an emergency .
Currently , there is no anthrax vaccine for children .
Death rates are high , largely determined by four factors : the number of people who become infected , the virulence of the virus , the underlying characteristics and vulnerability of affected populations and the effectiveness of preventive measures .
Deaths often caused by complications , such as pneumonia .
Depending on the type of radiation , the shielding can range from something as thin as a plate of window glass or as thick as several feet of concrete .
Depending upon the severity of the exposure , symptoms may not occur for two to 24 hours .
Depending upon the timing of treatment and severity of illness , recovery may take a few weeks to several months .
Dial 911 and explain what has happened .
Difficult decisions will need to be made regarding who receives antiviral drugs and vaccines .
Digestive tract : Abdominal pain , diarrhea , fever , nausea and vomiting .
Direct person - to - person spread of brucellosis is extremely rare .
Discouraging rodents from entering or living in homes or workplaces .
Discussions are ongoing to advance the next NIDs to early October .
Ethiopia had been polio - free since January 2001, before a poliovirus was imported into the country from neighbouring Sudan in December 2004 .
Dispose of tin cans , plastic containers , ceramic pots , or similar water - holding containers .
DISTANCE : Increase your distance from a radiation source .
Do NOT cover eyes with bandages , but do protect them with dark glasses or goggles .
Do not shake or empty the contents of any suspicious envelope or package .
Do not take public or private transportation such as buses , subways , or cars because if radioactive materials were involved , they may contaminate cars or the public transportation system .
DO NOT try to clean up powders or fluids .
Do not use bleach or disinfectant on your skin .
Doctors will be able to assess risks after the exposure level has been determined .
Drain water from pool covers .
Due to official holidays in Turkey , specimens are not expected to arrive in the UK before Monday .
During the 1998 pandemic , in which more than 1.2 million cases of dengue fever and DHF were reported to WHO from 56 countries , Indonesia reported an annual number of 72,133 cases and 1414 deaths with overall case fatality rate of 2.0 % .
The outbreak in Indonesia this year appears to be of similar magnitude , as in 1998, Dengue 3 appears to be the predominant circulating virus serotype ( 37 % ) in Indonesia this year , but Den - 4 ( 19 % ) Den - 2 and Den - 1 are also present .
During the second week , the blister begins to dry up and a scab forms .
During this time , the infected person feels fine and is not contagious .
During week two , the blister begins to dry up and a scab forms .
Each additional human case gives the virus a chance to change .
Each virus shares a number of features :
Earlier this week , Turkish authorities had ruled out avian influenza in these cases based on preliminary test results from samples taken from the nose and throat , subsequent tests of additional patient specimens taken from the lungs produced positive results .
Early identification and treatment of anthrax in children is critical , so call your health - care provider immediately with any questions or concerns .
Early results from laboratory studies suggest that the drug cidofovir may fight against the smallpox virus ; currently , studies with animals are being done to better understand the drug 's ability to treat smallpox disease .
Early treatment of pneumonic plague is essential .
Ebola - Reston that appeared in a research facility in Virginia may have been transmitted from monkey to monkey through the air in the facility .
Ebola , Marburg , Lassa and Crimean - Congo hemorrhagic fever viruses are examples .
Ebola hemorrhagic fever in the Republic of the Congo - update .
Ebola hemorrhagic fever in the Republic of the Congo - update 2 .
Ebola hemorrhagic fever ( Ebola HF ) is a severe , often - fatal disease in humans and nonhuman primates ( monkeys and chimpanzees ) that has appeared sporadically since its initial recognition in 1976 .
Economic and social disruption .
Eczema or atopic dermatitis .
Education is your best protection against unnecessary fear .
Effective antivirals may be in limited supply .
Eighty percent of typical human exposure comes from natural sources , and the remaining 20 percent comes from artificial radiation sources , primarily medical x - rays .
Eleven contacts of this last reported death have been followed until today for 21 days , the maximum incubation period .
Eliminate any standing water that collects on your property .
Encouraging safe cleanup of rodent nests and droppings .
Environmental and veterinary sampling is being carried out by the Ministry of Agriculture .
Epidemiological investigations uncovered exposure to infected poultry as the likely source of infection in both cases .
Establish a meeting place away from your home where you can go if the area in which you live has been evacuated .
Even a small drop of sarin on the skin can cause sweating and muscle twitching where sarin touched the skin .
Even a tiny drop of nerve agent on the skin can cause sweating and muscle twitching where the agent touched the skin .
Even if people do not know whether radioactive materials were present , following these simple steps can help reduce their injury from other chemicals that might have been present in the blast .
Even if you were to become sick with anthrax , you could not pass on the illness to your children .
Ever since informing WHO about the case on December 26, 2003, the Ministry of Health of China and the Chinese Centre for Disease Control and Prevention have met daily with WHO officials , and provided WHO with a comprehensive list of information , including the patient 's clinical history and test results .
Explosive devices that seem to misfire or explode weakly , scattering liquids or solids ( possible chemical agents ) .
Exposure to a large dose of VX by any route may result in these additional health effects :
Exposure to large doses of sarin by any route may result in the following harmful health effects :
Exposure to lower doses of radiation may lead to an increased risk of developing cancer or other negative health effects .
Exposure to sulfur mustard is treated by giving the victim supportive medical care to minimize the effects of the exposure .
Exposure to sulfur mustard liquid is more likely to produce second - and third - degree burns and later scarring than is exposure to sulfur mustard vapor .
Exposure to sulfur mustard may increase a person 's risk for lung and respiratory cancer .
Exposure to sulfur mustard usually is not fatal .
Exposure to very large doses of radiation may cause death within a few days or months .
Extensive breathing in of the vapors can cause chronic respiratory disease , repeated respiratory infections or death .
Extensive epidemiological and environmental studies are ongoing around this family cluster .
Extensive eye exposure can cause permanent blindness .
Extensive skin burning can be fatal .
Extra batteries for your portable radio and flashlight .
Extra eye glasses or contact lenses and solution .
Eyes : Irritation , pain , swelling and tearing may occur within three to12 hours of a mild to moderate exposure .
Eyes need to be flushed with water for five to 10 minutes .
Family members and close contacts were placed under observation and tested for possible infection , no evidence of additional cases has been detected .
Field investigation has found evidence of sick and dying chickens in the residential area of the 8 - year - old .
Field investigations have not found any indications of respiratory illness in close contacts of the patient .
Final results from an ongoing Ministry of Agriculture investigation are pending .
Firm evidence of improved transmissibility would be grounds for moving to a higher level of pandemic alert .
Firstly , small amounts of vaccine are still needed to vaccinate laboratory personnel handling vaccine virus and other members of this virus family , some of these viruses are found in nature and cause illness among animals , and some are used in research to make new , safer vaccines against a variety of infectious diseases .
Follow the advice of local emergency officials about whether to shelter in place or evacuate .
Follow these guidelines if you receive a suspicious envelope or package :
Following a request by the Ministry of Health , an initial team of experts from WHO , the European Centre for Disease Prevention and Control and the European Commission is travelling today to Turkey to collaborate with the authorities in their investigation of the situation .
Following contamination of food with sarin , people can be exposed by eating the contaminated food .
Following contamination of food with VX , people can be exposed by eating the contaminated food .
Following release of sarin into the air , people can be exposed through skin contact or eye contact .
Following release of sarin into water , people can be exposed by touching or drinking water that contains sarin .
Following release of VX into the air , people can be exposed through skin contact , eye contact or inhalation ( breathing in the VX mist ) .
Following release of VX into water , people can be exposed by drinking contaminated water or getting contaminated water on their skin .
Food - borne botulism can be especially dangerous because many people can be poisoned by eating a contaminated food .
Food - borne botulism can occur in all age groups .
Food - borne botulism is a public health emergency because the contaminated food still may be available to other people besides the patient .
Food - borne botulism is caused by eating foods that contain the botulism toxin .
Food - borne botulism occurs when a person ingests preformed toxin that leads to illness within a few hours to days .
Food - borne botulism often has been caused by home - canned foods with low acid content , such as asparagus , green beans , beets and corn .
For additional information , visit www . pandemicflu . gov .
For additional information about pandemic influenza , visit www . pandemicflu . gov .
For example , contaminated syringes and needles have played an important role in spreading infection in outbreaks of Ebola and Lassa hemorrhagic fevers .
For example , the first outbreaks of Marburg hemorrhagic fever in Marburg and Frankfurt , Germany , and in Yugoslavia occurred when laboratory workers handled imported monkeys infected with Marburg virus .
For further information on this topic , see the summary of the recent meeting of the WHO Advisory Committee on Variola Virus Research , published in the Weekly Epidemiological Record .
For hemorrhagic fever viruses spread by arthropod vectors , prevention efforts often focus on communitywide insect control .
For hemorrhagic fever viruses transmitted from one person to another , avoiding close physical contact with infected people and their body fluids is the most important way of controlling the spread of disease .
For instance , in 1996, a medical professional treating patients who had Ebola hemorrhagic fever in Gabon unknowingly became infected .
For more information , call the North Dakota Department of Health at 701.328.2378 .
For more information , call the North Dakota Department of Health at 701.328.2378 .
For more information , call the North Dakota Department of Health at 701.328.2378 .
For more information , call the North Dakota Department of Health at 701.328.2378 .
For more information , call the North Dakota Department of Health at 701.328.2378 .
For more information , please see the web site of the WHO Regional Office for South - East Asia .
For more information , see Global Polio Eradication Initiative .
For more information , see WHO cholera website .
For more information , visit the following websites or call the North Dakota Department of Health at 701.328.2378 .
For more information about West Nile virus , call the North Dakota Department of Health at 701.328.2378 .
For more information call the North Dakota Department of Health at 701.328.2378 .
For smallpox , this included updating a response plan and ordering enough smallpox vaccine to immunize the American public in the event of a smallpox outbreak .
For that reason , the vaccination site must be cared for carefully to prevent the virus from spreading .
For the latest information , please see the SARS News Update on the web site of the WHO Regional Office for the Western Pacific .
For the most part , rodents and arthropods ( such as ticks and mosquitoes ) are the main reservoirs for viruses that cause VHFs .
Forty - four referral hospitals have been identified and are being prepared to receive possible cases .
From 25 April to 16 June 2005, a total of 12 cases ( 1 laboratory - confirmed and 11 epidemiologically linked ) including 9 deaths has been reported in Etoumbi and Mbomo in Cuvette Ouest Region .
From January 1 to April 30 2004, a total of 58,301 cases of dengue fever and dengue hemorrhagic fever ( DHF ) and 658 deaths have been registered with the Indonesian Ministry of Health ( see previous report ) .
From the time a person is first infected until the bacteria are no longer present in discharges from the nose and throat , he or she may transmit the disease .
Full recovery takes one to two weeks .
Gastric decontamination measures should be used if ingested .
Gastrointestinal anthrax is more serious than skin anthrax .
Gauging how much radiation might be present is difficult when the source of the radiation is unknown .
Generally , direct and fairly prolonged face - to - face contact is required to spread smallpox from one person to another .
Generally causes modest impact on society ( e . g . , some school closing , encouragement of people who are sick to stay home ) .
Genetic sequencing is ongoing to determine the origin of the virus , somalia had been polio - free since 2002 .
Genotyping of the PCR - amplified isolate from the confirmed case shows high homogeneity with other H5N1 isolates from poultry in Java , and no evidence of reassortment .
Getting the sulfur mustard off as soon as possible after exposure is the only effective way to prevent or decrease tissue damage to the body .
Give this list to both the local public health authorities and law enforcement officials for follow - up investigation and advice .
Given the present high level of awareness of the disease and its presence in poultry in several parts of the country , the number of people concerned about possible exposure is expected to increase .
Giving your children antibiotics when the antibiotics are not needed can do more harm than good .
Go to the highest ground possible because sarin is heavier than air and will sink to low - lying areas .
Good supportive care in a hospital is the mainstay of therapy for all forms of botulism .
Guinea - Bissau : 9047 cases including 172 deaths ( CFR 1.9 % ) occurred between 6 June and 21 August in the country , the regions of Bissau and Bimbo account for 83 % of cases ; cholera is now spreading to remote areas with 10 regions out of 11 affected .
Guinea : 571 cases including 32 deaths ( CFR 5.6 % ) have been reported between mid - July and 4 August , control efforts are ongoing .
H5N1 infection was confirmed in the 38 - year - old father but laboratory test results for his two daughters did not meet criteria for acute H5N1 infections .
H5N1 is the type of bird flu occurring in countries in the world right now .
Hantavirus pulmonary syndrome ( HPS ) .
Has sarin been used as a weapon in the past ?
Has sulfur mustard been used as a weapon in the past ?
Has the H5N1 virus of concern been found in the United States ?
Has VX been used as a weapon in the past ?
Have a moderate or severe short - term illness .
Have a plan for your pets during an emergency .
Have been diagnosed by a doctor as having a heart condition with or without symptoms OR if they have three or more cardiac risk factors .
Have dirty bombs been used in the past ?
He developed symptoms of fever , cough and breathing difficulty on 6 November , was hospitalized on 9 November , and died on 19 November .
He developed symptoms on 25 October and remains hospitalized in good condition .
He developed symptoms on 4 October , was hospitalized , recovered fully , and has returned home .
He had assisted his father with defeathering of the diseased birds .
He has made a full recovery and was discharged home on 30 January .
He is the son of a confirmed case who died on 19 October .
He remains in good condition .
He was admitted to a hospital in Guangdong with pneumonia on 16 January and placed in respiratory isolation on the suspicion of SARS .
He was hospitalized on 28 September and died on 30 September .
Health - care workers should take standard precautions .
Health education campaigns are being conducted nationwide .
Health education to hospital and other health - care workers has been continuing Since January 2004, when avian influenza was first reported in Indonesia .
Health systems usually can meet public and patient needs .
Healthy adults usually not at risk for serious complications ( the very young , the elderly and those with certain underlying health conditions at increased risk for serious complications ) .
Healthy people may be at increased risk for serious complications .
Help your children and elderly relatives or neighbors identify your community 's warning system siren and tell them what to do if they hear it .
Her condition deteriorated rapidly on 7 April , when she was taken to a district referral hospital and then transferred to Kuntha Bopha Hospital in Phnom Penh , where she died .
High awareness of the disease in the Turkish population , combined with almost daily reports of poultry outbreaks in new areas , has resulted in a large number of people concerned about exposure and seeking reassurance .
Higher concentrations of DEET may be useful in highly infested areas or with species that are more difficult to repel .
His 19 - year - old sister is known to have visited this area .
His condition is said to be good , and his temperature has been normal for the past several days .
His two daughters also died of severe pneumonia illness compatible with H5N1 infection , but laboratory confirmation is not yet available .
Historically , the 20th century saw three pandemics of influenza :
Historically , the vaccine has been effective in preventing smallpox infection in 95 percent of those vaccinated .
Hold a family meeting about emergencies and decide what to do in case of fire , severe weather , a hazardous chemical spill or a terrorist event .
How are dirty bombs different from the atomic bombs used during World War II ?
How are people exposed to sulfur mustard ?
How are people exposed to VX ?
How are the bacteria that cause this type of meningitis spread ?
How can botulism be treated ?
How can I be exposed to radiation ?
How can I protect myself from radiation ?
How can people protect themselves , and what should they do if exposed to sarin ?
How can people protect themselves , and what they should do if they are exposed to VX ?
How can people protect themselves and what they should do if they are exposed to sulfur mustard ?
How could people be exposed to sarin ?
How dangerous is the smallpox threat ?
How do you catch monkeypox ?
How does sulfur mustard work ?
How is bird flu in humans treated ?
How is botulism diagnosed ?
How is exposure to sulfur mustard treated ?
How is sarin exposure treated ?
How is the vaccine given ?
How is VX exposure treated ?
How long does a smallpox vaccination last ?
How many people would have to get smallpox before it is considered an outbreak ?
How serious is the smallpox threat ?
How soon do the symptoms appear ?
However , at the levels created by most probable sources , not enough radiation would be present in a dirty bomb to cause severe illness from exposure to radiation .
However , bird flu is easily spread among birds and can make some domesticated birds – including chickens , ducks and turkeys – very sick and may even kill them .
However , during an outbreak of bird flu among poultry ( domesticated chicken , ducks , turkeys ) , there may be a risk to people who have close contact with infected birds or surfaces that have been contaminated with excretions from infected birds .
However , flu viruses can become resistant to these drugs , so these medications may not always work .
However , if public health officials confirm or suspect that you or your children have come into contact with the bacteria , your doctor or other health official will prescribe antibiotics to keep you and your children from developing the disease .
However , in the aftermath of the events of September and October 2001, the United States is taking precautions to be ready to deal with a bioterrorist attack using smallpox as a weapon .
However , increased security at these facilities makes obtaining materials from them more difficult .
However , it is known that patients who die usually have not developed a significant immune response to the virus at the time of death .
However , nerve agents are much more potent than organophosphate pesticides .
However , nerve agents are much more potent than organophosphate pesticides .
However , outbreaks of botulism from more unusual sources , such as chopped garlic in oil , chili peppers , tomatoes , improperly handled baked potatoes wrapped in aluminum foil , and home - canned or fermented fish .
However , people who were exposed to radiation scattered by the bomb could have a greater risk of developing cancer later in life , depending upon their dose .
However , sarin can evaporate into a vapor and spread into the environment .
However , scientists expect that the virus eventually will spread worldwide .
However , some of these vectors may spread the virus to animals such as livestock .
However , the Advisory Committee on Immunization Practices ( ACIP ) advises against non - emergency use of smallpox vaccine in children younger than 18 years of age .
However , the hosts of some viruses remain unknown ; Ebola and Marburg viruses are well - known examples .
However , these clues usually are not enough to allow a diagnosis of botulism .
However , this risk would probably be lower in the United States , where nutrition and access to medical care are better .
However , vaccine development efforts are underway .
However the vaccine does contain another virus called vaccinia , which is " live " in the vaccine .
Human cases have now been reported from nine of the country 's 81 provinces .
Human cases or outbreaks of hemorrhagic fevers caused by these viruses occur sporadically and irregularly .
Humans , therefore , can get HFRS anywhere where the common rat is found .
Humans are infected when they come into contact with infected hosts .
Humans are not the natural reservoir for any of these viruses .
Humans can spread the virus in several ways .
Humans generally become infected in one of three ways : eating or drinking something that is contaminated with Brucella , breathing in the organism , or having the bacteria enter the body through skin wounds .
Humans then become infected when they care for or slaughter the animals .
Identify a relative or friend whom all family members can call if they are not together during an emergency .
If a patient with Ebola HF dies , it is equally important that direct contact with the body be prevented .
If a person is vaccinated again later , immunity lasts even longer .
If a person is vaccinated again later , immunity lasts longer .
If a radioactive material was released , people will be told where to report for radiation monitoring and blood tests to determine whether they were exposed to the radiation , as well as what steps to take to protect their health .
If an aerosol release of smallpox occurs , 90 percent of virus matter will be inactivated or dissipated in about 24 hours .
If antitoxin is needed to treat a patient , it can be delivered quickly to a physician anywhere in the country .
If avoiding sulfur mustard exposure is not possible , rapidly remove the sulfur mustard from the body .
If cases of the disease do appear , care must be taken to avoid the spread of the disease within health - care facilities .
If caught early , inhalation anthrax can be treated successfully with antibiotics .
If clothes were placed in plastic bags , inform either the local or state health department or emergency personnel upon their arrival .
If diagnosed early , food - borne and wound botulism can be treated with an antitoxin that blocks the action of toxin circulating in the blood .
If groups of animals seem to be dying at the same time without obvious cause , this suggests a chemical attack .
If helping other people remove their clothing , try tavoid touching any contaminated areas , and remove the clothing as quickly as possible .
If helping other people remove their clothing , try tavoid touching any contaminated areas , and remove the clothing as quickly as possible .
If I am concerned about a smallpox attack , can I go to my doctor and get the smallpox vaccine ?
If it isn't caught early and more serious symptoms develop , inhalation anthrax usually results in death .
If low - level radioactive sources were to be used , the primary danger from a dirty bomb would be the blast itself .
If not in use , keep empty and covered .
If offered the smallpox vaccine , individuals should tell their immunization provider if they have any of the above conditions , or even if they suspect they might .
If outside from dusk to dawn when mosquitoes are most active , or during the day in an area where there are weeds , tall grass or bushes , people should wear protective clothing , such as long pants , loose - fitting , long - sleeved shirts , and socks , and consider the use of an insect repellent containing DEET .
If people are not too severely injured by the initial blast , they should :
If people think they may have been exposed , they should remove their clothing , rapidly wash their entire body with soap and water , and get medical care as quickly as possible .
If people think they may have been exposed , they should remove their clothing , rapidly wash their entire body with soap and water and get medical care as quickly as possible .
If possible , LIST all the people who were in the room or area where the suspicious letter or package was recognized .
If possible , seal the clothing in a plastic bag , and then seal that bag inside a second plastic bag .
If possible , seal the clothing in a plastic bag .
If prevention methods fail and a case of VHF does occur , efforts should focus on preventing further transmission from person to person if the virus can be transmitted in this way .
If sarin has been swallowed , don't induce vomiting or give fluids to drink .
If smallpox is released in aerosol form , how long does the virus survive ?
If someone comes in contact with smallpox , how long does it take to show symptoms ?
If someone has ingested sulfur mustard , do NOT induce vomiting .
If someone is exposed to smallpox , is it too late to get a vaccination ?
If sulfur mustard is released into the air as a vapor , people can be exposed through skin contact , eye contact or breathing .
If sulfur mustard is released into water , people can be exposed by drinking the contaminated water or getting it on their skin .
If the sarin release was indoors , get out of the building .
If the sarin release was outdoors , move away from the area where the sarin was released .
If the third condition occurs , the virus could spread worldwide , causing an influenza pandemic .
If the vaccination is successful , a red and itchy bump develops at the vaccination site in three or four days .
If the vaccination is successful , a red and itchy bump develops at the vaccine site in three or four days .
If the virus is a type that also can be transmitted by person - to - person contact , the traveler could infect other people .
If the VX release was indoors , get out of the building .
If the VX release was outdoors , move away from the area where the VX was released .
If this happens , the antibiotics will not be able to kill the resistant bacteria the next time your child needs the same antibiotic to treat ear , sinus or other infections that children frequently develop .
If VX has been ingested , don't induce vomiting or give fluids to drink .
If your family is separated , make one phone call – to your family contact .
Immediate symptoms include nausea , vomiting and diarrhea .
Immediately leave the area where the sulfur mustard was released .
Immediately wash any exposed part of the body ( eyes , skin , etc . ) thoroughly with plain , clean water .
In 1980, the disease was declared eradicated following worldwide vaccination programs .
In accordance with WHO recommendations for SARS - CoV testing in the inter - epidemic period , the results of SARS - CoV testing performed at the national reference laboratory in Beijing were verified by a WHO SARS International Reference and Verification Network laboratory in Hong Kong .
In addition , a detailed report on the anthrax outbreak is available in CDC 's Mortality and Morbidity Weekly Report ( MMWR ) .
In addition , a plan has been developed to better protect the American people against the threat of smallpox attack by hostile groups or governments .
In addition , health authorities have reported that two doctors who treated the postgraduate student during her hospitalization in Hefai , Anhui , have developed fever .
In addition , individuals should not get the smallpox vaccine if they :
In addition , our bodies have defenses against bacteria , so not everyone who comes into contact with the bacteria will become ill with anthrax .
In addition , people are encouraged to use insect repellant , proper clothing , bed nets , window screens and other insect barriers to avoid being bitten .
In addition , the vaccine was proven to prevent or substantially lessen infection when given within a few days of exposure .
In Africa , monkeypox has killed between 1 percent and 10 percent of people who get it .
In early June 2003, monkeypox was reported among several people in the United States .
In general , SARS begins with a fever greater than 100.4 degrees F [ 38 degrees C ] .
In humans , brucellosis can cause a range of symptoms that are similar to the flu and may include fever , sweats , headaches , back pains and physical weakness .
In humans , the signs and symptoms of monkeypox are like those of smallpox , but usually they are milder .
In July 2005, a cluster of 3 deaths in one family was investigated .
In laboratory experiments , 90 percent of aerosolized smallpox virus dies within 24 hours ; in the presence of ultraviolet light , this percentage would be even greater .
In order for influenza " outbreaks " or epidemics to reach a pandemic status , it must be occurring worldwide , not just in a single country or continent .
In rare cases , other viral and bacterial infections can cause hemorrhagic fever ; scrub typhus is a good example .
In recent days , the Ministry of Agriculture has confirmed H5N1 outbreaks in birds in 10 of the country 's 81 provinces , extensive culling is under way , and several other possible outbreaks are under investigation .
In recent days , vigilance for outbreaks of the disease in poultry has increased considerably .
In Sanliurfa Province , outbreaks in backyard poultry are now thought to date back to late November 2005 .
In some of the reports , there were misconceptions about the components of the vaccine used to prevent smallpox , and about why any country might still be retaining stocks of smallpox vaccine .
In the event of a confirmed H5N1 outbreak in birds , it is expected that human cases of avian influenza will be caused by the same virus strain .
In the event of a smallpox outbreak , however , there is enough smallpox vaccine to vaccinate everyone who would need it .
In the first week , the bump becomes a large blister , fills with pus and begins to drain .
In the first week after vaccination , the bump becomes a large blister , fills with pus and begins to drain .
In the past 50 years , however , the proportion of patients with botulism who die has fallen from about 50 percent to 8 percent .
In the same communication , an additional death from the disease was confirmed .
In the United States , about 110 cases of botulism are reported each year .
In the United States , tularemia is almost always a rural disease .
Indirect spread is less common .
Individuals who have any of the following conditions , or who live with someone who does , should NOT get the smallpox vaccine unless they have been exposed to the smallpox virus :
Infant botulism is caused by consuming the spores of the bacteria , which then grow in the intestines and release toxin .
Infant botulism occurs in a small number of susceptible infants each year who harbor C . botulinum in their intestinal tract .
Infection and illness rates soar .
Information about safe canning is widely available for consumers .
Information has been provided to assist the community with general health precautions , including frequent hand - washing , avoiding contact with sick animals , and safe and hygienic handling and cooking of poultry .
Inhalational anthrax is the most serious form of anthrax .
Initial information about the confirmed cases suggests that the children acquired their infection following close contact with chickens , deaths of chickens are known to have occurred in the Dogubayazit district near the end of last year .
Initial investigation has revealed that the woman had direct contact with diseased and dying chickens in her household shortly before the onset of illness .
Instructions for safe home canning can be obtained from county extension services or from the U . S . Department of Agriculture .
Investigation of the July family cluster was unable to determine the source of exposure .
Investigations as to the source of the girl 's infection are continuing .
Investigations have been undertaken to determine the source of the man 's exposure .
Investigators have not been able to confirm any direct contact between the patient and poultry prior to the onset of illness .
Is it possible for people to get smallpox from the vaccination ?
Is it possible to get vaccinia , the virus in the vaccine , from someone who has recently been vaccinated ?
Is smallpox contagious before the smallpox symptoms show ?
Is there a risk of developing cancer from exposure to a dirty bomb ?
Is there a vaccine to prevent meningococcal meningitis ?
Is there a vaccine to protect me from the bird flu ?
Is there any treatment for smallpox ?
Is there monkeypox in the United States ?
It also damages DNA , a vital component of cells in the body .
It also is possible that SARS can be spread more broadly through the air or by other ways that are currently not known .
It belongs to a group of viruses that includes the smallpox virus ( variola ) , the virus used in the smallpox vaccine ( vaccinia ) , and the cowpox virus .
It can be a vapor ( the gaseous form of a liquid ) , an oily - textured liquid or a solid .
It comes from manmade sources such as x - ray machines , from the sun and outer space , and from some radioactive materials such as uranium in soil .
It does not include the fission products necessary to create a large blast like those seen in Hiroshima and Nagasaki .
It evaporates about as slowly as motor oil .
It infects humans , causing serious illness .
It is a relatively rare disease and usually occurs as a single isolated event .
It is called " monkeypox " because it was first found in 1958 in laboratory monkeys .
It is currently available only for people in the military service , although public health officials are considering its use for people in other high - risk professions .
It is found typically in wild animals ( especially rodents , rabbits and hares ) but occasionally in pet animals , such as cats .
It is important to note , however , that at the time when the smallpox vaccine was used to eradicate the disease , testing was not as advanced or precise as it is today , so there may still be things to learn about the vaccine and its effectiveness and length of protection .
It is not a " shot , " like many vaccinations .
It is not a shot as most people have experienced .
It is possible that any visible VX liquid contact on the skin , unless washed off immediately , would be lethal .
It is possible that VX or other nerve agents were used in chemical warfare during the Iran - Iraq War in the 1980s .
It must be taken prior to exposure ( for example , if people hear that a radioactive cloud is coming their way ) or immediately after exposure to be effective .
It spreads easily from person to person .
It was successfully used to eradicate smallpox from the human population .
Just because people are near a radioactive source for a short time or get a small amount of radioactive material on them does not mean that they will get cancer .
Keep a list of the following regularly used items taped to the inside of your pantry or broom closet .
Keep televisions or radios tuned to local news networks .
Keep the following items in or near your pantry and replenish them as they are used .
Keep your distance from others if you 're sick .
KI will not protect a person from other radioactive materials or protect other parts of the body from exposure to radiation .
Laboratory analysis of specimens is continuing , an isolation treatment centre has been set up by the Ministry of Health with support from Médecins sans Frontières - Belgium .
Laboratory confirmation of the illness in the children is being sought , the report has evoked much public concern .
Laboratory evidence now shows that the 8 - year - old girl from Tangerang , Banten Province , is a probable avian influenza A / H5 case , based on analysis of serological samples .
Laboratory experts from the Ministry of Health of China , top scientific institutes in Beijing and WHO have reviewed the latest test results carried out on the patient in Guangzhou , and have determined that the results remain inconclusive .
Laboratory results for the 1 - year - old daughter are still pending .
Laboratory testing to confirm human infection with H5N1 avian influenza is technically difficult ; some tests produce inconclusive or unreliable results .
Laboratory tests completed today in Turkey have detected the H5 virus subtype in post - mortem specimens taken from a 12 - year - old girl , from Agri Province , who died 7 January .
Laboratory tests conducted in Turkey have confirmed detection of the H5 subtype of avian influenza virus in samples from an additional 10 patients , five of these cases were announced by the Ministry of Health yesterday and an additional five were announced today .
Learn the emergency plans at schools and workplaces .
Leave the area where the sarin was released and get to fresh air .
Leave the area where the VX was released and get to fresh air .
Leave the immediate area on foot .
LEAVE the room and CLOSE the door , or section off the area to prevent others from entering .
Let them talk about their fears and worries .
Liberia : 703 cases including 29 deaths ( CFR 4.1 % ) have been reported for the period from 1 to 21 August , including Sinoe County .
Limit children 's viewing of television news .
Limited samples were available from the 8 - year - old daughter who died on 14 July , and the 1 - year - old daughter who died on 9 July .
Liquid droplets or puddles without evidence of rain or watering .
Listed below are recommended items for your emergency supplies kit .
Listen to the radio or television news for instructions .
Low - level radioactive sources are found in hospitals , on construction sites and at food irradiation plants .
Make it a habit to check dates on food , water and batteries whenever you change batteries in your fire detectors .
Make sure roof gutters drain properly .
Make sure that doors and windows have tight - fitting screens .
Make sure the adults in your family know how to turn off water , gas and electricity at main switches .
Make sure this person lives far enough away not to be affected by the same emergency , preferably outside of the state .
Mali : 158 cases including 20 deaths ( CFR 12.65 % ) have occurred between 20 June and 24 July , the situation appears to be under control , although cholera is an ongoing problem in Mali .
Manageable impact on domestic and world economy .
Management is supportive and should include treatment for pulmonary edema .
Many antibiotics have serious side effects in children , and using antibiotics when they are not needed can lead to the development of drug - resistant forms of bacteria in your children .
Many countries still hold smallpox vaccine ( vaccinia ) stocks .
Many people carry these particular bacteria in their nose and throat without any signs of illness , while others may develop serious symptoms .
Many people could have symptoms of acute radiation sickness .
Many smallpox survivors have permanent scars over large areas of their body , especially their face .
Many vaccinations are required .
Mass casualties appearing in certain patterns .
Mass casualties with similar symptoms without obvious physical trauma .
Mauritania : 497 cases including 10 deaths ( CFR 2 % ) have been reported in Nouakchott from 20 July to 10 August , the country reported a total of 717 cases from early May to 12 August occurring in 4 regions ( Brakna , Guidimakha , Nouakchott , and Traza ) .
May cause major impact on society ( e . g . , widespread restrictions on travel , closings of schools and businesses , cancellation of large public gatherings ) .
Meanwhile , the epidemiological investigation continues in Guangdong province .
Médecins sans Frontières have opened 2 treatment centres in Abu Gebiha and Kadugli .
Members of the international teams , in Van Province and Ankara , are today working with local experts to plan relevant studies .
Members of these teams would be vaccinated against smallpox .
Meningococcal meningitis is a severe infection of the bloodstream and meninges ( a thin lining covering the brain and spinal cord ) caused by a bacteria called Neisseria meningitidis .
Monkeypox is a rare viral disease that occurs mostly in central and western Africa .
Monkeypox was reported in humans for the first time in 1970 .
More recently , testing of clinical specimens by international experts working in Viet Nam provided further suggestive evidence of more widespread infection with the virus , raising the possibility of community - acquired infection .
Mortality is low ( &lt; 2 % ) and is usually associated with endocarditic .
Most cases of SARS have involved people who cared for or lived with someone with SARS , or had direct contact with infectious material ( for example , respiratory secretions ) from a person who has SARS .
Most of the cases of SARS in the United States have occurred among travelers returning from other parts of the world where SARS is found .
Most of these people got sick after having contact with pet prairie dogs that were sick with monkeypox .
Most patients are children and all have been hospitalized for treatment and evaluation .
Most patients are children between the ages of six and fifteen years and all reside in the Dogubayazit district , two of the children are siblings of the two confirmed cases .
Most patients eventually recover after weeks to months of supportive care .
Most people have little or no immunity to a pandemic virus .
Mothers who are breastfeeding may transmit the infection to their infants .
Mustard agents are an exception .
National authorities have informed WHO that Dogubayazit district has been placed under quarantine ; no people or animals are allowed to move in or out of the district , culling operations are currently under way .
Nations unlikely to have the staff , facilities , equipment and hospital beds needed to cope with large numbers of people who suddenly fall ill .
Nausea , vomiting , cough , sore throat and diarrhea may follow .
Nerve agents are the most toxic and rapidly acting of the known chemical warfare agents .
Nerve agents are the most toxic and rapidly acting of the known chemical warfare agents .
Never use repellents over cuts , wounds or irritated skin .
New case of laboratory - confirmed SARS in Guangdong , China - update 5 .
New emergency immunization plan launched to protect horn of Africa , as polio is confirmed in Somalia .
Niger : 125 cases including 15 deaths ( CFR 12 % ) have been reported in Bouza , Tahoua region with 3 districts affected between 13 July and 24 August .
Although other types of bird flu have occurred , there have been no cases of this type of H5N1 virus identified in the United States in either birds or humans .
No case of the disease in humans has ever been reported in the United States .
No further data about these cases have been provided .
No previous exposure ; little or no immunity .
No recent poultry deaths have been reported in the area .
None of the contacts have shown any symptoms to date .
None of these people has been infected .
North Dakota Department of Health SARS website – www . health . state . nd . us / disease / SARS / .
Not usually reliable , as incidents involving casualties usually involve diverse odors ; however , some agents do have distinctive odors .
Note that vitamin B , ultrasonic devices and incense have not been shown to be effective in preventing mosquito bites .
Notify your building security official or an available supervisor to shut down the ventilation system .
Number of deaths could be quite high ( e . g . , U . S . 1918 death toll about 500,000 ) .
Numbers for Viet Nam , where the vast majority of recent cases have occurred , have been amended in line with case counts provided by the Ministry of Health during late April and May .
Numerous environmental samples from the laboratory have been taken to help assess possible sources of contamination , and these samples will be shared with WHO .
Occasionally , a person becomes infected in an area where the virus occurs naturally and then travels elsewhere .
Occurs annually , usually in winter .
Of 38 blood samples sent to the reference laboratory , Naval Medical Research Unit , NAMRU 3 in Cairo , 13 were confirmed positive for yellow fever by PCR tests .
Of the five patients announced on Sunday , three are from Ankara Province and include two brothers , aged five and two years , and a 65 - year - old man , all three patients are hospitalized in Ankara .
Of these , about 25 percent are food - borne botulism , 72 percent are infant botulism , and the rest are wound botulism .
Of these cases , 16 have died and six remain under treatment .
Of these cases , 357 were fatal , the vast majority of cases have occurred in Uige Province , where 412 cases and 346 deaths have been reported .
Of these patients , 18 have died and three are currently undergoing treatment at a hospital in Hanoi .
Of these patients , 18 have died and two are currently being treated in hospital .
Oils infused with garlic or herbs should be refrigerated .
On 13 December , initial laboratory tests on samples from the patient tested negative for H5N1 .
On 14 November 2005, the Federal Ministry of Health requested vaccines from the Global Alliance for Vaccines and Immunization ( GAVI ) emergency vaccine stockpile .
On 23 October , the patient visited her husband in Nonthaburi Province , north of Bangkok , where backyard chickens had begun to die a few days earlier .
Once emergency personnel can assess the scene and the damage , they will be able to tell people whether radiation was involved .
One case of poliomyelitis has been reported in Mogadishu , Somalia where a 15 - month old girl had onset of paralysis on 12 July 2005 .
One confirmed case of smallpox is considered a public health emergency .
One of the two new cases occurred in Oromia Province , in the centre of the country , near the border with Somalia and had onset of paralysis on 1 July 2005 .
One or two days later , the blister develops a black scab in the center .
One patient travelled a long distance twice by train within China while symptomatic .
One to three days ( or longer ) after the fever starts , they will get a rash .
Only people who have been in close contact ( household members , intimate contacts , health - care personnel performing mouth - to - mouth resuscitation , day - care center playmates , etc . ) need to be considered for preventive treatment .
Onset of symptoms for all four persons occurred between 16 and 19 April .
Other Category A agents are anthrax , plague , botulism , tularemia and viral hemorrhagic fevers .
Other diseases can appear similar to botulism , and special tests may be needed to exclude these other conditions .
Other environmental sampling was negative .
Other hosts range across continents , such as the rodents that carry viruses that cause hantavirus pulmonary syndrome ( HPS ) in North and South America or the rodents that carry viruses that cause hemorrhagic fever with renal syndrome ( HFRS ) in Europe and Asia .
Other infection control recommendations include proper use , disinfection and disposal of instruments and equipment used in treating or caring for patients with VHF , such as needles and thermometers .
Other states , including Gombe , Jigawa , Kaduna , Kano , and Kebbi have all reported outbreaks of measles .
Other symptoms can develop including weight loss , loss of appetite , flu - like symptoms and bleeding .
Other symptoms may include headache , an overall feeling of discomfort and body aches .
Other symptoms of tularemia depend upon how a person was exposed to the tularemia bacteria .
Others remain in quarantine , but are expected to be released over the next few days , as the 14 - day observation period mandated by China 's health authorities draws to a close .
Out of 18 specimens tested , preliminary laboratory results from Kisangani Provincial Laboratory confirm 10 positive specimens by direct examination ( sputum ) .
Outbreaks in poultry are now known to be occurring in several parts of the country .
Outbreaks of food - borne botulism involving two or more people occur most years and usually are caused by eating contaminated home - canned foods .
Outbreaks of highly pathogenic H5N1 avian influenza have now been confirmed in six provinces in the eastern and south - eastern part of the country , outbreaks at additional sites in the area are under investigation .
Paralysis of breathing muscles can cause a person to stop breathing and die , unless assistance with breathing ( mechanical ventilation ) is provided .
Paralysis of breathing muscles can cause a person to stop breathing and die , unless assistance with breathing ( mechanical ventilation ) is provided .
Passed primarily among animals , these bacteria cause disease in many different vertebrates .
Past experience indicates that the first dose of the vaccine offers protection from smallpox for three to five years , with decreasing immunity thereafter .
Past pandemics have spread globally in two and sometimes three waves .
Patient samples were sent today to a WHO collaborating centre in the United Kingdom for further analysis , the samples have now arrived ; results are expected within the next days .
Patients must be isolated from contact with any unprotected people and hospital workers must wear protective clothing , such as masks , gloves , gowns , and goggles .
Patients receive supportive therapy , but , generally speaking , there is no other treatment or established cure for VHFs .
Patients should be excluded from school , day care or the work place until at least 24 hours after therapy was begun and the illness has subsided .
Patients who have severe cases of VHF often show signs of bleeding under the skin , in internal organs or from body orifices like the mouth , eyes or ears .
Patients who survive an episode of botulism poisoning may have fatigue and shortness of breath for years , and long - term therapy may be needed to aid recovery .
Patients with smallpox can benefit from supportive therapy ( e . g . , intravenous fluids , medicine to control fever or pain ) and antibiotics for any secondary bacterial infections that may occur .
Penicillin is the drug of choice .
People also can be exposed to Ebola virus through contact with objects such as needles that have been contaminated with infected secretions .
People at the facility probably would be contaminated with radioactive material and possibly be injured if there was an explosion .
People can be exposed by coming into contact with liquid sulfur mustard .
People can be exposed to Ebola virus from direct contact with the blood or secretions of an infected person .
People can be exposed to sarin in a number of ways :
People can be exposed to sulfur mustard in a number of ways :
People can be exposed to the vapor even if they do not come in contact with the liquid form of sarin .
People can be exposed to VX in a number of ways :
People can get monkeypox from an animal that has monkeypox if they are bitten or if they touch the animal 's blood , body fluids or rash .
People can get tularemia many different ways , such as through the bite of an infected insect or other arthropod ( usually a tick or deerfly ) , handling infected animal carcasses , eating or drinking contaminated food or water or breathing in F . tularensis bacteria .
People come into contact with ( are " exposed " to ) bacteria or become infected with bacteria that cause anthrax in three ways : ( 1 ) by breathing in [ inhaling ] the bacteria , ( 2 ) by coming into contact with the bacteria through cuts or scrapes on the skin or ( 3 ) by eating something that contains the bacteria [ usually undercooked meat from an infected animal ] .
People exposed to a low or moderate dose of sarin by breathing contaminated air , eating contaminated food , drinking contaminated water , or touching contaminated surfaces may experience some or all of the following symptoms within seconds to hours of exposure :
People exposed to a low or moderate dose of VX by inhalation , ingestion ( swallowing ) or skin absorption may experience some or all of the following symptoms within seconds to hours of exposure :
People in the surrounding area could be exposed or contaminated .
People may not know they were exposed to VX because it has no odor .
People who are being vaccinated for the first time have a stronger reaction than those who are being revaccinated .
People who are being vaccinated for the first time may have a stronger take ( a successful reaction ) than those who are being revaccinated .
People who do home canning should follow strict hygienic procedures to reduce contamination of foods .
People who experience mild or moderate exposure usually recover completely .
People who experience mild or moderate exposure usually recover completely .
People who experience severe exposure are not likely to survive .
People who have been exposed to F . tularensis should be treated as soon as possible .
People who have pneumonia can develop chest pain and bloody sputum and can have trouble breathing .
People who spend a great deal of time outdoors or have occupational exposure risks are at greater risk of infection ( hunters , laboratory workers , etc . ) .
People would be killed or injured from the blast and might be contaminated by radioactive material .
Person - to - person transmission of pneumonic plague occurs through respiratory droplets , which can infect only those people who have face - to - face contact with the ill patient .
Physicians may consider the diagnosis if the patient 's history and physical examination suggest botulism .
Physicians may try to remove contaminated food still in the gut by inducing vomiting or by using enemas .
Physicians should report suspected cases of botulism to the state health department .
Plague in the Democratic Republic of the Congo - update 2 .
Plague is an infectious disease of animals and humans caused by the bacterium Yersinia pestis .
Plans for a team of international experts to travel today to Van Province have been deferred because of adverse weather conditions , government officials are assisting the team in finding a rapid mode of transportation to the affected area in the eastern part of the country .
Pneumonic plague occurs when Y . pestis infects the lungs .
Possible terrorist events could involve introducing radioactive material into the food or water supply , using explosives ( like dynamite ) to scatter radioactive materials ( called a " dirty bomb " ) , bombing or destroying a nuclear facility , or exploding a small nuclear device .
Post emergency numbers near your telephones .
Potassium iodide , also called KI , protects only a person 's thyroid gland from exposure to radioactive iodine .
Potatoes that have been baked while wrapped in aluminum foil should be kept hot until served or refrigerated .
Potential for severe impact on domestic and world economy .
Potential ways in which SARS can be spread include touching the skin of other people or objects that are contaminated with infectious droplets and then touching your eye , nose or mouth .
Poultry deaths occurred in this village in February , but no poultry deaths occurred in the two weeks prior to the girl 's onset of symptoms .
Human - to - human transmission as a source of the girl 's infection appears unlikely , as none of her known contacts were sick with similar symptoms before she became ill .
Poultry outbreaks in several Kanchanaburi villages were reported earlier this month .
Poultry samples have been taken by agriculture authorities as part of the ongoing investigation .
Practice fire drills and emergency evacuations .
Pregnancy or plans to become pregnant within one month of vaccination .
Preparedness activities should assume that the entire world population would be susceptible .
Presently , there is a vaccine that will protect against some meningococcal strains .
Production of new vaccine is underway .
Products with a low concentration of DEET may be appropriate for situations where exposure to mosquitoes is minimal .
Prophylactic antibiotic treatment for seven days will protect people who have had face - to - face contact with infected patients .
Public and patient needs may exceed the capacity of health systems to provide care .
Public and private health - care systems challenged .
Public education about botulism prevention is an ongoing activity .
Put family records in a safe deposit box or fireproof , waterproof safe .
Q : What can I do around my home to help reduce exposure to mosquitoes ?
Q : What can I do to reduce my risk of becoming infected with West Nile virus ?
Quickly moving to an area where fresh air is available is highly effective in reducing the possibility of death from exposure to sarin vapor .
Quickly moving to an area where fresh air is available is highly effective in reducing the possibility of death from exposure to VX vapor .
Quickly remove any clothing that has liquid sulfur mustard on it .
Quickly take off clothing that has liquid sarin on it .
Quickly take off clothing that has liquid VX on it .
Radiation can affect the body in a number of ways , and the negative health consequences of exposure may not be seen for many years .
Radiation cannot be seen , smelled , felt or tasted by humans .
Radiation doses that people receive are measured in units called rem or sievert ( One sievert is equal to 100 rem . ) .
Radiation is a form of energy .
Radiation that goes inside our bodies causes what we refer to as internal exposure .
Rapid field investigation of new cases , especially when these occur in clusters , remains essential to assess possible changes in transmission patterns that could indicate improved pandemic potential of the virus .
Rarely , smallpox has been spread by virus carried in the air in enclosed settings such as buildings , buses and trains .
Rats , mice and rabbits can get monkeypox , too .
Reassure them that parents , teachers , doctors and government officials are doing everything possible to keep them safe and healthy .
Recent tests have indicated that diluted smallpox vaccine is just as effective in providing immunity as full - strength vaccine .
Recovery from sarin exposure is possible with treatment , but the antidotes available must be used quickly to be effective .
Recovery from VX exposure is possible with treatment , but the antidotes available must be used quickly to be effective .
Remember : In any incident involving an explosive device , there may be additional " secondary " devices set for later times to injure responders .
Remember : Never give your child an antibiotic unless a doctor has examined your child and prescribed an antibiotic .
Remind or help neighbors to eliminate breeding sites on their properties .
Remove all discarded tires from your property .
Remove clothing and place in a plastic bag to store until you receive further guidance .
Remove their clothes as soon as possible , place them in a plastic bag and seal it .
Removing and sealing the clothing in this way will help protect people from any chemicals that might be on their clothes .
Removing clothing will remove most of the contamination caused by external exposure to radioactive materials .
Repair or replace all screens that have tears or holes .
Report the incident to local police .
Research on a vaccine to protect humans against the H5N1 virus began in April 2005 .
Researchers are also working on a vaccine against H9N2, another bird flu subtype .
Researchers do not understand why some people are able to recover from Ebola HF and others are not .
Respiratory etiquette is essential to help stop the spread of any respiratory illness , including pandemic influenza .
Respiratory tract : Runny nose , sneezing , hoarseness , bloody nose , sinus pain , shortness of breath and cough within 12 to 24 hours after a mild exposure and within two to four hours after a severe exposure .
Results from tests conducted there last week were fully confirmed by a WHO collaborating laboratory in the United Kingdom .
Results of investigations to date point to laboratory research at the National Institute of Virology in Beijing as the likely source of the outbreak .
Ricin is a potent protein toxin derived from the beans of the castor plant ( Ricinus communis ) .
Rinse the eyes with plain water for 10 t15 minutes if they are burning or if vision is blurred .
Routine vaccination of the American public against smallpox stopped in 1972 after the disease was eradicated in the United States .
Samples from the 38 - year - old tested positive for avian influenza H5N1 virus by the WHO H5 reference laboratories at the Department of Microbiology , University of Hong Kong , and the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention , Atlanta USA .
Samples from the girl tested positive for avian influenza H5N1 virus at the Pasteur Institute , Phnom Penh .
Samples from the patient will be sent for further analysis at a WHO reference laboratory .
Samples from the two children are undergoing testing .
Samples from these birds have been taken and are undergoing tests to determine whether they may have been the source of infection .
Samples taken from the woman tested positive for avian influenza A / H5 virus by the Pasteur Institute in Ho Chi Minh City , Viet Nam .
Samples were collected from four close contacts who cared for her at the village and nine medical contacts from Kampot and Phnom Penh .
Sarin , also known as GB , is a human - made chemical warfare agent classified as a nerve agent .
Sarin and other nerve agents may have been used in chemical warfare during the Iran - Iraq War in the 1980s .
Sarin is a clear , colorless , and tasteless liquid that has no odor in its pure form .
Sarin is the most volatile of the nerve agents , which means that it can evaporate easily and quickly from a liquid into a vapor and spread into the environment .
Sarin was used in two terrorist attacks in Japan in 1994 and 1995 .
Saving the contaminated clothing would allow testing for exposure without invasive sampling .
Scientists also recovered the virus that causes monkeypox from an African squirrel .
Scientists estimate that the average person in the United States receives a dose of about one - third of a rem per year .
Seasonal factors , such as the rainy season , along with population movements in the area contribute to this unusually high incidence of cholera .
Secondary aerosols generally should not be a danger to health - care providers .
Secondly , smallpox vaccine will also be needed in case of a deliberate or accidental release of smallpox virus , which is a very unlikely event but currently of great concern to some countries .
Senegal : 19 863 case and 231 deaths ( CFR 1.1 % ) have occurred during the outbreak which began in January and peaked at the end of March . .
Sequencing of human virus 12 January 2006 Laboratory tests conducted in Turkey have confirmed detection of the H5 subtype of avian influenza virus in samples from an additional two patients .
Seroprevalence results are still pending .
Serum samples have been collected from contacts of the cases , starting from the family and neighbours , health - care workers , while any possible poultry contact is being investigated ( E . g . market sellers , retail food outlets , pet birds . ) .
Seventy - one contacts are being monitored in Etoumbi ( 62 ) and Mbomo ( 9 ) .
Sever infection of the central nervous systems or lining of the heart may occur .
Several antibiotics are effective , including streptomycin , tetracycline and chloramphenicol .
Severe acute respiratory syndrome ( SARS ) is a respiratory illness that has been reported in Asia , North America and Europe .
Severely exposed people are not likely to survive .
Severely ill patients may also show shock , nervous system malfunction , coma , delirium and seizures .
Sexual transmission also has been reported .
She developed symptoms of fever followed by pneumonia on 6 December , and was admitted to hospital two days later .
She developed symptoms on 31 August , was hospitalized on 6 September , and died on 10 September .
She was brought to Siloam Gleneagles Hospital , Tangerang , on 28 June , where she died with respiratory distress 20 days after onset .
She was the daughter of the confirmed case reported previously .
SHIELDING : Increase the shielding between you and the radiation source .
Shielding is anything that creates a barrier between people and the radiation source .
Should I get vaccinated against smallpox ?
Should people who have been in contact with a diagnosed case of meningococcal meningitis be treated ?
Showing these signs and symptoms does not necessarily mean that a person has been exposed to sarin .
Showing these signs and symptoms does not necessarily mean that a person has been exposed to sulfur mustard .
Showing these signs and symptoms does not necessarily mean that a person has been exposed to VX .
Shut off water and electricity if instructed to do so before leaving .
Since 22 April , China has reported that eight persons have been clinically diagnosed as SARS cases or are under investigation for possible SARS infection .
Since 7 July , incidence has declined rapidly and there have been no new cases reported since 14 July .
Since January 2004, Thailand has reported 21 cases , of which 13 were fatal .
Since January 2004, when human cases of H5N1 avian influenza were first reported in the current outbreak , 97 cases and 53 deaths have been reported in Viet Nam , Thailand and Cambodia .
Since mid - December 2004, Viet Nam has reported 33 cases of H5N1 avian influenza .
Since mid - December 2004, Viet Nam has reported 65 cases , of which 22 were fatal .
Since mid - June , an average of 400 - 500 new cases per week have been reported , with 3541 cases reported during the last 2 months .
Since the start of the outbreaks in Asia , Thailand has confirmed 18 cases , of which 13 have been fatal .
Since the start of the outbreaks in Asia , Thailand has confirmed 19 cases , of which 13 have been fatal .
Since the start of the outbreaks in Asia , Thailand has confirmed 20 cases , of which 13 have been fatal .
Since the third wave of infection began in Viet Nam in mid - December 2004, 49 cases have been reported .
Since there is no way to know at the time of an incident whether radioactive iodine was used in the explosive device , taking KI would probably not be beneficial .
Six of these are in Beijing and two , including the single fatality , are in Anhui Province .
Skin anthrax is the least serious form of anthrax .
Skin : Redness and itching of the skin may occur two to 48 hours after exposure and change eventually to yellow blistering of the skin .
Skin conditions such as burns , chickenpox , shingles , impetigo , herpes , severe acne or psoriasis .
Small quantities of radioactive materials occur naturally in the air we breathe , the water we drink , the food we eat , and in our own bodies .
Smallpox also can be spread through direct contact with infected bodily fluids or contaminated objects such as bedding or clothing .
Smallpox can be prevented through use of the smallpox vaccine .
Smallpox is a contagious and sometimes fatal disease caused by a virus and marked by fever and a distinctive progressive skin rash .
Smallpox is classified as a Category A agent by the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention .
Smallpox is not known to be transmitted by insects or animals .
Smallpox normally spreads from contact with infected persons .
Smallpox vaccination provides high level immunity for three to five years and decreasing immunity thereafter .
Smallpox vaccine is not made from smallpox virus .
Some cancers can be caused by exposure to radiation .
Some chemicals will kill plant life quickly , so unusual patterns of dead grass , flowers , etc . may indicate the presence of chemical warfare agents .
Some have already been removed from medical observation .
Some hosts , such as the rodent species that carry several of the New World arena viruses , live in geographically restricted areas ; therefore , the risk of getting VHFs caused by these viruses is restricted to those areas .
Some may require inactivation before disposal , this can be accomplished by autoclaving or incineration .
Some patients were treated or assessed in several different hospitals before a suspicion of SARS led to the introduction of adequate precautionary measures , including isolation of patients and strict procedures for infection control .
Some people also experience mild respiratory symptoms .
Some people are at greater risk for serious side effects from the smallpox vaccine .
Some people are more sensitive to sulfur mustard than are other people , and may have symptoms sooner .
Some reports now circulating suggest that WHO has downgraded its assessment of the pandemic threat .
Some situations where the vaccine is recommended are for travel to areas of the world where high rates of the disease are known to occur and for college students living in dorms .
Some types of VHF are associated with kidney failure .
Some viruses that cause hemorrhagic fever can spread from one person to another once an initial person has become infected .
Special items for infants and elderly or disabled family members ( i . e . , diapers , formula , baby food , insulin ) .
Specific signs and symptoms vary by the type of VHF , but initial signs and symptoms often include marked fever , fatigue , dizziness , muscle aches , loss of strength and exhaustion .
Spraying activity in inappropriate areas .
Staff from the Ministry of Health , Cambodia conducted active case finding in the village where the woman attended school and also provided education sessions to the students at the school .
State health departments and the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention have people knowledgeable about botulism available to consult with physicians 24 hours a day .
Stay home from work , school and errands when you are sick , and don't send your children to day care or school if they are sick .
Stay home if you are sick .
Staying inside will reduce people 's exposure to any radioactive material that may be on dust at the scene .
Stick to family routines that help children feel comfortable and secure .
Stockpiling of personal protective equipment to protect health and veterinary workers , and procurement of antivirals for treatment and prophylaxis , as appropriate , is continuing .
Store DEET out of reach of children .
Store the following occasionally used items near your emergency supplies kit so you know where they are :
Store these items in a plastic storage container or backpack , something you could easily grab and take with if you have to evacuate .
Studies suggest that the prescription medicines ( antivirals ) approved for human flu viruses work in preventing bird flu in humans .
Such people are usually advised to consult with their physician .
Sulfur mustard also is known as " mustard gas " or " mustard agent " or by the military designations H , HD , and HT .
Sulfur mustard breaks down slowly in the body , so repeated exposure may have a cumulative effect ( that is , it can build up in the body ) .
Sulfur mustard can be clear to yellow or brown when it is in liquid or solid form .
Sulfur mustard can have the following effects on specific parts of the body :
Sulfur mustard can last from one to two days in the environment under average weather conditions and from weeks to months under very cold conditions .
Sulfur mustard is a powerful irritant and blistering agent that damages the skin , eyes and respiratory tract .
Sulfur mustard is a type of chemical warfare agent called vesicants , or blistering agents , because they cause blistering of the skin and mucous membranes on contact .
Sulfur mustard is not found naturally in the environment .
Sulfur mustard sometimes smells like garlic , onions or mustard and sometimes has no odor .
Sulfur mustard vapor can be carried long distances by wind .
Sulfur mustard was used as a chemical weapon in World War I .
Supervise what they watch on television , and when they do watch , be sure to allow for family - discussion time during and after viewing to let them air their fears and concerns .
Surfaces contaminated with VX should therefore be considered a long - term hazard .
Surge capacity at non - traditional sites such as schools may be created to cope with demand .
Surveillance has been intensified in affected areas and throughout the country .
Suspected outbreaks of botulism are quickly investigated , and if they involve a commercial product , appropriate control measures are coordinated among public health and regulatory agencies .
Suspected Severe Acute Respiratory Syndrome ( SARS ) case in southern China - update .
Symptoms may be more severe and complications more frequent .
Symptoms of bird flu in humans have ranged from typical flu - like symptoms ( fever , cough , sore throat and muscle aches ) to eye infections , severe respiratory diseases ( such as acute respiratory distress ) , and other severe and life - threatening complications .
Symptoms of botulism include double vision , blurred vision , drooping eyelids , slurred speech , difficulty swallowing , dry mouth and muscle weakness that always descends through the body : first shoulders are affected , then upper arms , lower arms , thighs , calves , etc .
Symptoms of botulism include double vision , blurred vision , drooping eyelids , slurred speech , difficulty swallowing , dry mouth and muscle weakness that always descends through the body : first shoulders are affected , then upper arms , lower arms , thighs , calves , etc .
Symptoms of tularemia could include sudden fever , chills , headaches , muscle aches , joint pain , dry cough , progressive weakness and sometimes pneumonia .
Symptoms of VEE include sudden onset of illness with spiking fevers , shaking or trembling , severe headache , sensitivity to light and body aches .
Symptoms that occur in most Ebola patients .
Symptoms that occur in some Ebola patients .
Symptoms usually appear three to five days after exposure to the bacteria , but can take as long as 14 days .
Symptoms will appear within a few seconds after exposure to the vapor form of sarin and within a few minutes and up to 18 hours after exposure to the liquid form .
Symptoms will appear within a few seconds after exposure to the vapor form of VX and within a few minutes to up to 18 hours after exposure to the liquid form .
Take a shower or wash themselves as best they can , washing will reduce the amount of radioactive contamination on the body and will effectively reduce total exposure .
Take identification , credit cards , cash and important documents , including home insurance information .
Take your emergency supplies kit , cell phone and other items you may need .
Taking KI is not recommended unless there is a risk of exposure to radioactive iodine .
Teach children how and when to dial 9 - 1 - 1 .
Teach children how to call long distance and how to use a cell phone .
Teach responsible family members how to use your fire extinguisher .
Team members were drawn from institutes in Australia , Canada , Hong Kong SAR , Japan , the United Kingdom , and the United States of America having extensive experience in the testing of avian influenza viruses in human clinical specimens .
Test results on the child , who is presently hospitalized , are pending .
Testing and monitoring of more than 300 close contacts failed to detect any further cases .
Tests were performed using WHO - approved reagents and primers .
That consultation considered suggestive findings , largely based on epidemiological observations , that the H5N1 virus had changed its behaviour in ways consistent with an improved , though not yet efficient , ability to spread directly from one human to another .
The 1 - year - old became ill on 29 June with fever , diarrhea , then cough , finally respiratory distress , and died 10 days after onset .
The 8 - year - old became ill with fever , diarrhea , then cough , on 24 June .
The additional case ( see previous report ) is a contact from Etoumbi .
The additional two cases , a nine - year - old girl and her three - year - old brother , are from the Dogubeyazit district in Agri Province , and are hospitalized in the city of Van .
The aim of these techniques is to avoid any person 's contact with the blood or secretions of any patient .
The anthrax vaccine used for adults has never been studied in children , and it is not recommended for people younger than 18 .
The antitoxin is effective in reducing the severity of symptoms if administered early in the course of the disease .
The atomic explosions that occurred during World War II in Hiroshima and Nagasaki were conventional nuclear weapons involving a fission reaction .
The bumps go through several stages before they get crusty , scab over and fall off .
The case , in a 35 - year - old male farmer from Ben Tre Province , developed symptoms on 25 July and died on 31 July .
The case is a 41 - year - old woman from the south - eastern province of Fujian .
The case is an 18 - month - old boy from a suburb of Bangkok , he developed symptoms on 1 November and was hospitalized on 5 November .
The case occurred in a 35 - year - old man from Hanoi who was hospitalized with respiratory symptoms on 26 October and died on 29 October .
The case occurred in a 35 - year - old man from West Jakarta .
The case occurred in a 37 - year - old woman who resided in Jakarta .
The cases all in Beijing are currently under investigation .
The cases have been clinically diagnosed as measles but no laboratory diagnosis has been made to date .
The cases were detected during the last two weeks of May .
The chance of coming into contact with the bacteria in any of these ways is very low .
The chances of your children coming into contact with bacteria that cause anthrax are extremely low .
The child was the sibling of two other patients who died earlier .
The cluster includes the 35 - year - old father , the 33 - year - old mother , and their three daughters , aged 13 years , 10 years , and 4 months .
The current level of pandemic alert , which has been in effect Since January 2004, remains unchanged .
The current wave of cholera outbreaks started several weeks ago in West Africa , so far , 31 259 cases and 517 deaths have been reported in eight countries ( see map below ) .
The dates of symptom onset in the two cases are widely separated 23 days , suggesting that more than one opportunity for exposure may have occurred in the laboratory from mid - March through early April .
The deliberate release of smallpox as an epidemic disease is now regarded as a possibility , and the United States is taking precautions to deal with this possibility .
The disease also can spread from person to person through large respiratory droplets during long periods of face - to - face contact or by touching body fluids of a sick person or objects such as bedding or clothing contaminated with the virus .
The disease can be severe or even fatal if it is not treated with the appropriate antibiotics .
The disease is caused by infection with Ebola virus , which was first discovered in Africa .
The disease is caused by Monkeypox virus .
The disease is occasionally fatal .
The duration varies according to treatment used .
The epidemiological investigation and surveillance are continuing , the most likely source of the outbreak is a cooling tower in the city centre , the cooling tower has now been disinfected .
The experts were specifically asked to search for evidence that could substantiate concerns raised first at a WHO consultation of international experts held at the beginning of May in Manila .
The exposure that is referred to as external comes from sources outside the body , such as radiation from sunlight and manmade and naturally occurring radioactive materials .
The extent of poisoning caused by sarin depends upon the amount of sarin to which a person was exposed , how the person was exposed and the length of time of the exposure .
The extent of poisoning caused by VX depends upon the amount of VX to which a person was exposed , how the person was exposed and the length of time of the exposure .
The father became ill on 2 July with fever , mild cold , then cough and was taken to the same hospital on 7 July where he died 10 days after onset .
The Federal Ministry of Health reported to WHO an outbreak of yellow fever in the South Kordofan State .
The first case was a 14 - year - old boy from the rural district of Dogubayazit , in the eastern province of Agri , which borders the Islamic Republic of Iran and Armenia , he was hospitalized in Van Province on 1 January and died the same day , the second case was his 15 - year - old sister , also hospitalized on 1 January , she died on 5 January .
The first newly confirmed case is a four - year - old boy from Sumatra Island in Lampung Province .
The first newly confirmed case was a 19 - year - old woman from Tangerang , near Jakarta , who developed symptoms on 19 October , was admitted to hospital on 26 October , and died on 28 October .
The first signs of illness from pneumonic plague are fever , headache , weakness and cough productive of bloody or watery sputum .
The first symptom is a small , painless sore that develops into a blister .
The five cases announced today are from Kastamonu , Corum , and Samsun provinces , bordering the Black Sea in the north - central part of the country , and from Van Province .
The fourth patient is from the central province of Nghe An .
The girl became ill with a fever on the 29th March .
The Global Polio Eradication Initiative - spearheaded by the World Health Organization ( WHO ) , Rotary International , the US Centers for Disease Control and Prevention ( CDC ) and UNICEF - today launched an ambitious new series of polio immunization campaigns to prevent the re - establishment of the disease in the Horn of Africa .
The government has launched investigations , assisted by WHO , aimed at identifying the source of the woman 's infection and tracing her close contacts , including family members , neighbours , and hospital staff engaged in her treatment .
The government has reinforced coordination between relevant government bodies , including the Ministries of Health and Agriculture , and is monitoring the situation in close collaboration with the World Health Organization .
The H5N1 virus meets the first two conditions , but so far it has not been spread easily from person to person .
The head of the collaborating laboratory is now in Ankara to support diagnostic work at the country 's national influenza center .
The idea behind a dirty bomb is to blast radioactive material into the area around the explosion .
The illness affects children and adults in much the same way , although children may be more likely to suffer side effects from some of the antibiotics used to prevent or treat the disease .
The illness usually lasts two to four weeks .
The infected person is contagious until the last smallpox scab falls off .
The initial investigation has found no evidence that the virus has increased its transmissibility or is spreading from person to person .
Most persons under investigation are children , often from the same family , and almost all have a documented link to dead or diseased poultry .
The initial symptoms are nausea , loss of appetite and fever , followed by severe abdominal pain .
The initial WHO team , accompanied by the Turkish Minister of Health , arrived in Van Province yesterday evening .
The institute has been engaged in research with the SARS corona virus , including the development of a vaccine .
The investigation , however , is continuing and answers to these and other questions are still being sought .
The last case of smallpox in the United States was in 1949 .
The last naturally occurring case in the world was in Somalia in 1977 .
The main purpose of a dirty bomb is to frighten people and make buildings or land unusable for a long period of time .
The majority of patients with smallpox recover , but death may occur in up to 30 percent of cases .
The majority of the affected villages have reported only single cases .
Entomological surveys in the affected villages have revealed high density of Culex tritaeniorhynchus and Culex vishnui group – the vectors of Japanese Encephalitis ( JE ) .
The male patient , a 32 - year - old television producer , remains isolated in hospital .
The man 's 7 - year - old son developed respiratory symptoms on 16 October .
The meningococcus bacteria are spread by direct close contact with nose or throat discharges of an infected person .
The Minister of Agriculture stated that laboratory results detected H5 - infected bird faeces in a bird cage opposite side of the road of the family 's house ; local and throat swabs of the pet bird inside the cage were negative for H5 .
The Ministry of Agriculture are conducting an investigation into poultry deaths in the area of the school .
The Ministry of Health , working with WHO has carried out seminars and workshops to strengthen surveillance of influenza - like illness , outbreak investigation , and appropriate isolation and barrier nursing .
The Ministry of Health and the WHO Regional Office for Africa are continuing to follow contacts and raise awareness about the disease among the population in the affected districts .
The Ministry of Health and the WHO Regional Office for Africa are continuing to strengthen infection control and raise awareness about the disease among the population in the affected districts .
The Ministry of Health has also announced a third death , presumably caused by the H5N1 virus , in a 12 - year - old girl .
The Ministry of Health has reported to WHO that 41 cases from 18 cities and provinces have been detected in Viet Nam Since mid - December 2004 .
The Ministry of Health in Cambodia confirmed that an 8 - year - old girl from Kampot province who died on 7 April , was the country 's third case of avian influenza .
The Ministry of Health in Cambodia confirmed today that a 20 - year - old woman from Kampot province who died on 19 April in a hospital in Viet Nam , was the country 's fourth reported case of avian influenza .
The Ministry of Health in Indonesia has confirmed a further case of human infection with the H5N1 avian influenza virus .
The Ministry of Health in Indonesia has confirmed two additional cases of human infection with H5N1 avian influenza .
The Ministry of Health in Indonesia has confirmed two additional cases of human infection with H5N1 avian influenza .
The Ministry of Health in Indonesia has today confirmed a fatal case of human infection with H5N1 avian influenza .
The patient , a 27 - year - old woman from Jakarta , developed symptoms on 17 September , was hospitalized on 19 September , and died on 26 September .
The Ministry of Health in Indonesia reported that a 38 - year - old father who died on 12 July was the country 's first laboratory - confirmed H5N1 positive human case of avian influenza .
The Ministry of Health in Turkey has confirmed an additional two cases of human infection with the H5N1 avian influenza virus , both cases are children , aged five and eight years , and both are hospitalized .
The Ministry of Health in Turkey has confirmed its first two cases of human infection with avian influenza caused by the H5 virus subtype .
The Ministry of Health in Viet Nam has confirmed a further case of human infection with H5N1 avian influenza .
The Ministry of Health in Viet Nam has confirmed an additional 3 human cases of infection with H5N1 avian influenza .
The Ministry of Health in Viet Nam has confirmed five additional cases of human infection with the H5 subtype of avian influenza virus .
The Ministry of Health in Viet Nam has provided WHO with official confirmation of an additional eight human cases of H5N1 avian influenza .
The Ministry of Health in Viet Nam has retrospectively confirmed an additional fatal case of H5N1 infection that dates back to July .
The Ministry of Health in Viet Nam has today confirmed that between 1 to 17 June , 4 cases of human infection with H5N1 avian influenza were reported .
The Ministry of Health is closely following over 300 contacts , including health - care workers , family members , school and office colleagues and neighbours , none of these contacts has shown any symptoms to date .
The Ministry of Health is conducting an epidemiological investigation into possible sources of transmission and has carried out contact tracing and other public health measures .
The Ministry of Health is continuing to monitor over 300 contacts .
The Ministry of Health is now reporting 18 laboratory - confirmed cases , of which three , all from the same family , have been fatal .
The Ministry of Health of China has confirmed an additional case of human infection on the mainland with the H5N1 avian influenza virus .
The Ministry of Health of China has decided that samples will be sent to a laboratory that is part of the WHO international reference network .
The Ministry of Public Health in Thailand has confirmed a further case of human infection with H5N1 avian influenza .
The Ministry of Public Health in Thailand has confirmed an additional case of human infection with H5N1 avian influenza .
The Ministry of Public Health in Thailand has today confirmed its first case of human infection with H5N1 avian influenza Since 08 October of last year .
The most harmful radioactive materials are found in nuclear power plants and nuclear weapons sites .
The most important factor is removing sulfur mustard from the body .
The most recent case was reported to the ministry on 17 April .
The most recent cases , announced on Sunday , are four close contacts of a 20 - year - old nurse who treated the Anhui student at a Beijing hospital .
The most recently detected case was reported on 26 April .
The multidisciplinary team has reported a total of 114 cases ( 110 suspect cases , 4 probable cases ) , including 54 deaths in Zobia , Bas - Uélé district , Oriental province .
The multidisciplinary team has reported a total of 57 cases ( 54 suspect cases , 3 probable cases ) , including 16 deaths in Zobia , Bas - Uélé district , Oriental province .
These figures are based on the current situation and a retrospective analysis of cases , with the exception of 2 cases of the septicemia form of plague , all recorded cases are pneumonic plague .
The multimammate rat , cotton rat , deer mouse , house mouse and other field rodents are examples of reservoir hosts .
The need for antiviral drugs is also likely to be inadequate early in a pandemic .
The need for vaccine is likely to outstrip supply .
The needle is then used to prick the skin a number of times in a few seconds .
The needle is used to prick the skin a number of times in a few seconds .
The new case is a 40 - year old director of a hospital and practicing physician from Guangzhou , Guangdong Province who developed symptoms of SARS on 7 January 2004 .
The newly confirmed case brings the total in Viet Nam Since mid - December 2004 to 64 cases , of which 21 were fatal .
The newly confirmed case coincides with a recurrence of outbreaks in poultry .
The newly confirmed case is the 14th in Indonesia , of these cases , nine have been fatal .
The newly confirmed cases bring the total , in Viet Nam , Since mid - December 2004 to 52 cases .
The newly confirmed cases bring the total , in Viet Nam , Since mid - December 2004 to 55 cases .
The number of cases of food - borne and infant botulism has changed little in recent years , but wound botulism has increased because of the use of black - tar heroin , especially in California .
The number of new cases being reported in Uige municipality has declined considerably , with only 1 new confirmed case detected in the past week .
The nurse 's mother is in serious condition following the development of pneumonia .
The occurrence of outbreaks cannot be predicted easily .
The only treatment for someone infected with VEE is supportive care .
The other six cases are thought to have been detected prior to 2 April .
The other three persons are in stable condition .
The outbreak in Igdir and other suspected outbreaks in this part of the country are thought to have occurred following introduction of the virus by migratory birds , the region , which has several large lakes , is known to lie along migratory routes .
The patient , a 48 - year old man from Kanchanaburi Province , developed symptoms on 13 October , was hospitalized on 17 October , and died on 19 October .
The patient , a 7 - year - old boy from Kanchanaburi Province , developed symptoms on 16 October and was hospitalized on 19 October .
The patient died on 21 December .
The patients are residents of Sanliurfa Province , near the southern border with Syria , and Siirt Province , which is adjacent to Van in the eastern part of the country .
The plan also included vaccination of military and civilian personnel who are or may be deployed in high threat areas .
The plan includes the creation and vaccination of smallpox healthcare teams who would respond to a smallpox emergency .
The plans are in place , and there is sufficient vaccine available to immunize everyone who might need it in the event of an emergency .
The pneumonia progresses over two to four days and may cause septic shock and , without early treatment , death .
The positive test results were received from a WHO reference laboratory in Hong Kong .
The pricking is not deep , but it will cause a sore spot and one or two droplets of blood to form .
The pricking is not deep , but it will cause a sore spot and one or two drops of blood to form .
The primary way that SARS appears to spread is by close person - to - person contact .
The public education campaign in Banteay Meas and neighbouring districts is continuing .
The public is generally more aware of Category A agents , and broad - based public health preparedness efforts are necessary .
The quality of laboratory testing at Turkey 's National Influenza Centre in Ankara is high .
The rapid assessment of patients with a possible exposure history is providing a unique opportunity to learn more about the disease in humans , it is also generating data that can be used to assess the efficacy of antiviral drugs , as most people with an exposure history or respiratory symptoms are receiving oseltamivir either prophylactically or very early after the onset of symptoms .
The recent funding from international donors will be crucial in helping Cambodia control this disease .
The recent report of illness amongst 8 young children in Vladivostock who had played with discarded ampoules of smallpox vaccine has now been confirmed by the Ministry of Health of the Russian Federation .
The recent spread of the virus to poultry and wild birds in new areas further broadens opportunities for human cases to occur .
The remaining four residents of the house ( two members of the family and two household workers ) remain healthy and show no symptoms to date .
The request has been reviewed and accepted by the International Coordinating Group and 1.7 million doses of yellow fever vaccine will be arriving in Sudan next week .
The respiratory failure and paralysis that occur with severe botulism may require a patient to be on a breathing machine ( ventilator ) for weeks and receive intensive medical and nursing care .
The risk of pandemic influenza is serious , with continued cases of H5N1in birds , the risk to humans will persist .
The risk to humans for becoming ill with bird flu is generally low .
The scab falls off in the third week , leaving a small scar .
The scab falls off in the third week , leaving a small scar .
The second case , in Amhara region , the north - western part of Ethiopia , had onset of paralysis on 16 July , both cases occurred after the National Immunization Days ( NIDs ) held on 23 May .
The second case is her 8 - year - old brother .
The second newly confirmed case was a 23 - year - old man from Bogor , West Java .
The signs and symptoms of anthrax infection in children older than 2 months are similar to those in adults .
The signs and symptoms of Ebola HF are not the same for all patients .
The smallpox vaccine contains the " live " vaccinia virus — not dead virus like many other vaccines .
The smallpox vaccine does not contain smallpox virus and cannot spread or cause smallpox .
The smallpox vaccine helps the body develop immunity to smallpox .
The smallpox vaccine is not available to the public at this time .
The smallpox vaccine is not given with a normal needle .
The smallpox vaccine is not given with a normal needle .
The smallpox vaccine is the only way to prevent smallpox .
The smallpox virus is fragile .
The sources in these areas are used to diagnose and treat illnesses , sterilize equipment , inspect welding seams and irradiate food to kill harmful microbes .
The specific epidemiological observations considered included milder disease across a broader age spectrum and a growing number of clusters of cases , closely related in time and place .
The suspected SARS case in southern China remains a suspected case .
The symptoms may appear two to 10 days after exposure , but commonly three to four days after exposure .
The symptoms of bird flu may depend on which virus caused the infection .
The symptoms of smallpox begin with high fever , head and body aches , and sometimes vomiting .
The table below outlines symptoms of the disease , according to the frequency with which they have been reported in known cases .
The team , which is expected to begin work on Wednesday , will include experts in epidemiology , virology , infection control , and laboratory biosafety .
The team completed its work on Wednesday and submitted its preliminary findings to the government .
The team found no laboratory evidence suggesting that human infections are occurring with greater frequency or that the virus is spreading readily among humans .
The team is now investigating the epidemiological situation , assessing risk factors and control measures , and discussing with local authorities the possible need for additional equipment and supplies .
The team will also be assessing patients at the Van hospital where some 38 people are currently being treated and evaluated for possible H5N1 infection .
The term viral hemorrhagic fever ( VHF ) refers to a group of illnesses caused by several distinct families of viruses .
The three basic ways to reduce your exposure are through :
The two Turkish cases mark the first confirmed reports of human infection with avian influenza outside East Asia , since January 2004, a total of 142 human cases of H5N1 infection have been reported in Viet Nam , Thailand , Cambodia , Indonesia , and China .
The use of cidofovir to treat smallpox or smallpox reactions should be evaluated and monitored by experts at NIH and CDC .
The vaccination campaign will be conducted with the support of WHO and partners including the European Community , Médecins sans Frontières Belgium , and UNICEF .
The vaccine does not contain the smallpox virus and cannot give you smallpox .
The vaccine helps the body develop immunity to smallpox .
The vaccine is given using a two - pronged needle that is dipped into the vaccine solution .
The vaccine is given using a two - pronged needle that is dipped into the vaccine solution .
The vaccine usually is given in the upper arm .
The vaccine usually is given in the upper arm .
The vaccinia virus may cause rash , fever , and head and body aches .
The virus is not known to be native to other continents , such as North America .
The virus was also isolated from the patient .
The viruses are restricted geographically to the areas where their host species live .
The viruses associated with arthropod vectors are spread most often when the vector mosquito or tick bites a human or when a human crushes a tick .
The viruses carried in rodent reservoirs are transmitted when humans have contact with urine , fecal matter , saliva or other body excretions from infected rodents .
The viruses that cause VHFs can be found around the world .
The WHO Regional Office for Africa is investigating the situation .
The woman , a secondary school student , was from Kompong Trach district in Kampot province , the same district as the first case reported from Cambodia in February .
The woman is the fourth laboratory - confirmed case of H5N1 infection in Indonesia .
The woman is the third confirmed case reported in Thailand in the past month .
The woman lived in an area with multiple opportunities for exposure to chickens and ducks .
Their infection with the H5N1 virus was subsequently confirmed by a WHO collaborating laboratory in the United Kingdom .
Their survival depends upon an animal or insect host , called the natural reservoir .
Then seal the first plastic bag in a second plastic bag .
There are many different flu viruses that occur naturally among birds .
There are three kinds of anthrax , all of which are treatable with antibiotics :
There are three main kinds of botulism .
There are three main kinds of botulism :
There currently is no vaccine to protect humans against the H5N1 virus .
There has been a lot of speculation about where terrorists could get radioactive material to place in a dirty bomb .
There have been 4 deaths associated with inhalational anthrax among the 22 cases , WHO is continuing to monitor the situation in the United States .
There have been very few cases as a result of spread to close contacts such as family members and health care workers .
There is a detailed nationwide smallpox response plan designed to vaccinate people quickly and contain a smallpox outbreak .
There is enough smallpox vaccine to vaccinate everyone who would need it in the event of an emergency .
There is no evidence of wider transmission in the community .
There is no proven treatment for smallpox , but research is ongoing .
There is no standard treatment for Ebola HF .
There is no vaccine against plague .
There is no vaccine available for humans .
Therefore , if people are present at the scene of an explosion , they will not know whether radioactive materials were involved at the time of the explosion .
Therefore , prevention efforts must concentrate on avoiding contact with host species .
Therefore , the best thing to do is avoid exposure :
Therefore , VX is very persistent in the environment .
These are the first two confirmed cases in Thailand in a year .
These behaviours tend to occur most frequently in rural areas where populations traditionally slaughter and consume birds once deaths or signs of illness are seen in poultry flocks .
These cases coincide with a recurrence of confirmed H5 outbreaks in poultry in 6 provinces , most of which are in the central part of the country , and point to the need to remain on high alert for the occurrence of human cases in all countries experiencing outbreaks in poultry .
These changes could mean that the virus can spread from human to human more easily .
These figures are based on the current situation and a retrospective analysis of cases since 15 December 2004 .
These findings have not been confirmed by the present investigative team .
These negative health effects can range from mild effects , such as skin reddening , to serious effects such as cancer and death , depending upon the amount of radiation absorbed by the body ( the dose ) , the type of radiation , the route of exposure and the length of time a person is exposed .
These newly confirmed cases bring the total , in Viet Nam , Since mid - December 2004 to 59 cases , of which 18 were fatal .
These people should wait until they are completely recovered to get the vaccine .
These reports are unfounded .
These symptoms can include ulcers on the skin , swollen and painful lymph glands , swollen and painful eyes , and a severe sore throat .
These types of squirrels might be the common host for the disease .
They also can be exposed by breathing air that contains sarin .
They are most useful if given as soon as possible after exposure .
They are similar to certain kinds of pesticides called organophosphates in terms of how they work and what kind of harmful effects they cause .
They are similar to pesticides called organophosphates in terms of how they work and what kinds of harmful effects they cause .
They are totally dependent upon their hosts for replication and overall survival .
They can enter homes through unscreened windows or doors , or broken screens .
They can form a protective coat around themselves called spores , and they can release poisonous substances into the bodies of infected people .
They include the nurse 's mother , father , aunt , and a woman who shared a hospital ward with the nurse when she was undergoing treatment .
They may tire and no longer be able to sustain breathing function .
They may tire and no longer be able to sustain breathing function .
This additional support should expedite understanding of the epidemiological situation and increase the capacity to rapidly confirm or rule out persons under investigation for possible infection .
This brings the total number of cases in Turkey , confirmed by laboratory tests there , to 14. Of these patients , two have died .
This brings the total number of laboratory confirmed cases in Turkey to four , two of these cases were fatal .
This can be prevented through proper care of the vaccination site ( e . g . , hand washing and careful disposal of used bandages ) .
This can happen when someone who is sick with SARS coughs or sneezes droplets onto themselves , other people or nearby surfaces .
This can prevent patients from worsening , but recovery still takes many weeks .
This case is the nephew of the 21 - year - old man from Lampung , who was reported on 10 October 2005 .
This case was a recognized contact who was under follow up ; for comparison , during the peak of the outbreak , which occurred in late March and April , 30 to 40 new cases were being reported weekly .
This could possibly cause buildings and people to be exposed to radioactive material .
This fact sheet is designed to explain what a dirty bomb is and how it may affect the health of people exposed .
This fact sheet is designed to provide parents with information and resources ( 1 ) to help their children cope with fears about anthrax and ( 2 ) to make decisions related to anthrax and their children .
This illness begins with symptoms similar to those for a cold or the flu .
This is China 's seventh laboratory - confirmed human case , of these cases , three have been fatal ( including this latest case ) .
This is the country 's second laboratory - confirmed case .
This is the first , and , thus far , the only , indication of a possible source of exposure .
This is the first confirmed case in Viet Nam Since late July of this year .
This is the first time that there has been an outbreak of monkeypox in the United States .
This is the fourth laboratory - confirmed case in Thailand this year .
This is the least common form of anthrax .
This is why the virus has often been spread through the families and friends of infected persons : in the course of feeding , holding or otherwise caring for them , family members and friends would come into close contact with such secretions .
This plan included the creation of smallpox healthcare teams that would respond to a smallpox emergency .
This rash develops into raised bumps filled with fluid and often starts on the face and spreads , but it can start on other parts of the body too .
This type of secondary transmission of the virus can occur directly through close contact with infected people or their body fluids or indirectly through contact with objects contaminated with infected body fluids .
This virus could theoretically be produced in either a wet or dried form and potentially stabilized for weaponization .
Those people who received a large dose might develop acute radiation sickness .
Those who have been infected may possess life - long immunity .
Though VX does not mix with water as easily as other nerve agents do , it could be released into water .
Three - hundred - ten of these cases have been laboratory confirmed , the first case was hospitalized on 1 July , two deaths ( one confirmed case and one suspected case ) have been reported .
Three of these cases were fatal .
Thus , Iraq abandoned any further use of the device .
Ticks and mosquitoes serve as vectors for some of the illnesses .
TIME : Decrease the amount of time you spend near the source of radiation .
To date , all diagnosed cases and cases under investigation have been linked to chains of transmission involving close personal contact with an identified case .
To date , all evidence indicates that patients have acquired their infections following close contact with diseased poultry , contact between people and poultry has likely increased during the present cold weather , when the custom among many rural households is to bring poultry into their homes .
To date , China has reported human cases in six provinces and regions : Hunan , Anhui , Guangxi , Liaoning , Jiangxi and Fujian .
To date , Indonesia has confirmed 9 cases of human H5N1 infection of which 5 have been fatal .
To date , Indonesia has reported 7 human cases of H5N1 avian influenza .
To date , none of the contacts so far identified has developed symptoms of SARS , the Ministry is also collaborating with WHO China Country Office to further investigate this and the other recent SARS cases in Guangdong province .
To ensure a reliable assessment of the situation in Indonesia , authorities are , after initial screening , continuing to send samples from people considered likely to have H5N1 infection to WHO reference laboratories for diagnostic confirmation .
Transmission in health care settings has been associated frequently with Ebola HF outbreaks in Africa .
Travel bans , closings of schools and businesses and cancellations of events could have major impact on communities and citizens .
Treatment consists of removing sarin from the body as soon as possible and providing supportive medical care in a hospital setting .
Treatment consists of removing VX from the body as soon as possible and providing supportive medical care in a hospital setting .
Try to find higher ground , because sulfur mustard is heavier than air and will settle in low - lying areas .
Tularemia , also known as " rabbit fever , " is an infectious disease caused by a hardy bacterium , Francisella tularensis .
Tularemia is a rural disease and occurs in all states except Hawaii .
Tularemia is not known to be spread from person to person , so people who have tularemia do not need to be isolated .
Turkey reported its first outbreak of H5N1 avian influenza in poultry in mid - October of last year , that outbreak , which occurred in the northwestern part of the country , was attributed to contact between domestic poultry and migratory waterfowl .
Turkish health authorities have informed WHO that , since 1 January , a total of 11 patients ( including the two confirmed fatal cases ) have been hospitalized in Van Province with symptoms suggesting infection with avian influenza .
Turn over plastic wading pools and wheelbarrows when not in use .
Twenty - nine cases and two deaths have been reported by health officials from Hérault district , Montpellier .
Two of these cases , one from Italy and one from Holland were reported through the European Working Group for Legionella Infections , preliminary data indicate that the majority of cases reside , work or have a history of recent travel to Montpellier .
Twenty - three of these cases have been laboratory confirmed , Boké is the most affected region .
Two of the cases were recently detected , between 2 and 8 April , in Hung Yen and Ha Tay Provinces , respectively .
Two of the patients are from Hanoi and one is from the nearby province of Hai Duong .
Two of the recently reported cases were conducting research at the laboratory : a 26 - year - old female postgraduate student from Anhui Province , and a 31 - year - old man .
Two WHO Reference Laboratories at the University of Hong Kong and the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention USA , detected high positive rising microneutralisation titres specific for H5N1 in 2 samples taken 3 days apart .
Typically , signs and symptoms do not occur immediately .
Under average weather conditions , VX can last for days on objects that it has come into contact with .
Under very cold conditions , VX can last for months .
Understanding and eliminating the source of infection are critical steps in bringing the outbreak under control .
Unexplained deposits of material in an area where casualties occur .
Unlike some organophosphate pesticides , nerve agents have not been associated with neurological problems lasting more than one to two weeks after exposure .
Unlike some organophosphate pesticides , nerve agents have not been associated with neurological problems lasting more than one to two weeks after the exposure .
Until a conclusive diagnosis is made , these patients are classified by the Ministry of Health as suspect cases .
Until doctors are able to check people 's skin with sensitive radiation detection devices , it will not be clear whether they were exposed .
Until recently , it was available for use in the treatment of a skin condition called psoriasis .
Until recently , the U . S . government provided the smallpox vaccine only to a few hundred scientists and medical professionals who work with smallpox and similar viruses in a research setting .
Use DEET according to manufacturer 's directions on the label .
Use of a protective mask currently is the best protection against inhalation .
Use of DEET concentrations above 50 percent has been associated with increased skin irritation and similar reactions .
Use travel routes designated by authorities .
Usually , doxycycline and rifampin are used in combination for six weeks to prevent reoccurring infection .
Usually some immunity from previous exposure .
Vaccination four to seven days after exposure likely offers some protection from disease or may modify the severity of disease .
Vaccination within three days of exposure will completely prevent or significantly modify smallpox in the vast majority of persons .
Vaccine developed based on known virus strains and available for annual flu season .
Vaccine is reported to be available in Adamawa state , although other essential supplies for an immunization campaign are lacking .
Vaccine probably would not be available in the early stages of a pandemic .
Vaccinia is not spread through the air .
Vaccinia is spread by touching a vaccination site before it has healed or by touching bandages or clothing that have become contaminated with live virus from the vaccination site .
VEE was weaponized by the United States in the 1950s and 1960s before the offensive biowarfare program was terminated ; other countries have been or are suspected to have weaponized this agent .
Venezuelan equine encephalitis ( VEE ) virus is a mosquito - borne virus that is common in northern South America , Trinidad , Central America , Mexico and Florida .
VHFs are caused by viruses in four distinct families : arenaviruses , filoviruses , bunyaviruses and flaviviruses .
Viet Nam , with 76 cases and 37 deaths , has been the most severely affected country , followed by Thailand , with 17 cases and 12 deaths , and Cambodia , with 4 cases and 4 deaths .
Viruses associated with most VHFs are zoonotic , which means they naturally reside in an animal reservoir host or arthropod vector .
Viruses that cause hemorrhagic fever initially are transmitted to humans when the activities of infected reservoir hosts or vectors and humans overlap .
Visit the health department website at www . ndhealth . gov .
VX breaks down slowly in the body , meaning that repeated exposures to VX and / or other nerve agents can have a cumulative effect ( build up in the body ) .
VX is a human - made chemical warfare agent classified as a nerve agent .
VX is an odorless , tasteless , oily liquid that is amber in color and very slow to evaporate .
VX is not found naturally in the environment .
VX is primarily a liquid exposure hazard , but if it is heated to very high temperatures , it can turn into small amounts of vapor ( gas ) .
VX is the least volatile of the nerve agents , which means that it is the slowest to evaporate from a liquid into a vapor .
VX is the most potent of all nerve agents .
Wash all treated skin and clothing with soap and water after returning indoors .
Wash hands often with soap and water , or use a hand sanitizer .
Wash your hands often or use waterless hand sanitizers .
WASH your hands with soap and water to prevent spreading any powder to your face or skin .
Washing with soap and water will help protect people from any chemicals on their bodies .
Ways are being sought to expedite the testing of patient samples .
We keep hearing that the bird flu could start a pandemic .
Weak hypochlorite solutions ( 0.1 % sodium hypochlorite ) and soap and water can decontaminate skin surfaces .
Weakness , fever , cough and pulmonary edema occur 18 to 24 hours after inhalation exposure , followed by severe respiratory distress and death from hypoxemia in 36 to 72 hours .
Wear protective clothing and sturdy shoes .
Weeds , tall grass and bushes provide an outdoor home for mosquitoes .
What are public health agencies doing to prevent or control botulism ?
What are the dangers of a dirty bomb ?
What are the health effects of exposure to radiation ?
What are the immediate signs and symptoms of exposure to VX ?
What are the immediate signs and symptoms of sarin exposure ?
What are the immediate signs and symptoms of sulfur mustard exposure ?
What are the long - term health effects ?
What are the possible long - term health effects ?
What are the signs and symptoms of monkeypox ?
What are the sources of the radioactive material ?
What are the symptoms of bird flu in humans ?
What are the symptoms of botulism ?
What are the symptoms of smallpox ?
What can I do to protect myself and my family from avian flu or any kind of flu ?
What Every Parent Should Know .
What if radioactive materials were involved ?
What is a " dirty bomb " ?
What is avian influenza ( bird flu ) ?
What is meningococcal meningitis ?
What is the H5N1 virus we keep hearing about ?
What is the smallpox vaccine , and is it still required ?
What is the treatment for meningococcal meningitis ?
What should I know about smallpox ?
What should people do following an explosion ?
What types of terrorist events might involve radiation ?
When a pandemic influenza virus emerges , its global spread is considered inevitable .
When and for how long is an infected person able to spread the disease ?
When he later traveled to South Africa and was treated for Ebola in a hospital , the virus was transmitted to a nurse .
When removed , the needle retains a droplet of the vaccine .
When removed , the needle retains a droplet of the vaccine .
When sulfur mustard was used during World War I , it killed fewer than 5 percent of the people who were exposed and got medical care .
Where appropriate , consider using non - chemical ways to deter biting insects such as protective clothing ( as outlined above ) , window - and door screens , and wearable netting when camping .
While all Ebola virus species have displayed the ability to be spread through airborne particles ( aerosols ) under research conditions , this type of spread has not been documented among humans in a real - world setting , such as a hospital or household .
While he did not keep poultry in his household , chickens and other birds were found in his neighborhood .
While many do not have symptoms compatible with a diagnosis of H5N1 infection , screening of patient samples is being undertaken in national laboratories as part of efforts to ensure that no new cases are missed .
While neither the timing nor the severity of the next pandemic can be predicted , concern that a pandemic will occur has increased .
While some types of hemorrhagic fever viruses can cause relatively mild illness , many cause severe , life - threatening disease .
While these reports have not yet been officially confirmed by national authorities , they appear to be accurate .
WHO , with international and national health partners , is providing technical support to the ministries of health at the country and sub - regional level .
WHO and UNICEF are supporting national authorities to ensure availability of vaccine and rapid implementation of the mass vaccination campaign to respond to the outbreak .
WHO believes that carrying out tests at multiple laboratories enhances the testing process .
WHO considers it likely that test results on the newly announced cases will be confirmed by the UK laboratory , where samples are being sent for further analysis , H5N1 is the only strain within the H5 subtype known to infect humans .
Who gets meningococcal meningitis ?
WHO has asked the Ministry of Health in Viet Nam to supplement the numbers with data on individual cases .
WHO has received reports of 1118 cases including 76 deaths ( case fatality rate , 6.8 % ) reported in 12 Local Government Areas ( LGAs ) of Adamawa state , Nigeria as of 28 February 2005 .
WHO is assisting the Ministry of Health in risk assessment and implementation of control measures .
WHO is aware of media reports that six additional patients infected with H5N1 avian influenza are undergoing treatment in a Hanoi hospital and that a health care worker at the same hospital may also be infected .
WHO is concerned about additional opportunities for exposure that may have already occurred .
WHO is seeking confirmation and further information from the Ministry of Health .
WHO is seeking further details from the authorities on this six cases .
WHO is updating its table showing cumulative numbers of human cases of H5N1 avian influenza broken down according to phases in the outbreak , which began in December 2003 .
WHO is working to strengthen surveillance activities , supplies for case management and chlorination of water have also been dispatched to some of the countries .
WHO recommends that countries which still have stocks of smallpox vaccine ( vaccinia ) maintain these stocks .
WHO reports only laboratory - confirmed cases .
WHO will add these numbers to its cumulative total following further verification by an external H5 reference laboratory .
WHO will continue to closely monitor the situation in Guangdong .
WHO will continue to provide information regularly on this case , as the tests and investigation progress in the coming days .
Why don't people have to get the smallpox vaccine ?
Wild birds worldwide carry the viruses in their intestines but may not get sick from them .
Will potassium iodide protect me if I 've been exposed to radiation ?
With a few noteworthy exceptions , there is no cure or established drug treatment for VHFs .
With food - borne botulism , symptoms begin between six hours and two weeks ( most commonly between 12 and 36 hours ) after eating toxin - containing food .
With food - borne botulism , symptoms begin between six hours and two weeks ( most commonly between 12 and 36 hours ) after eating toxin - containing food .
With some viruses , however , after the accidental transmission from the host , humans can transmit the virus to one another .
With the agreement of the Ministry of Health , two epidemiologists and two experts in laboratory diagnosis will join the initial WHO team in the next few days .
With the European Community Humanitarian Office ( ECHO ) support , WHO sent a team composed of an epidemiologist , entomologist and virologist from the Global Outbreak Alert and Response Network ( GOARN ) to investigate the outbreak in Boké .
With the exception of yellow fever and Argentine hemorrhagic fever for which vaccines have been developed , no vaccines exist that can protect against these diseases .
Within a few days of becoming infected with the virus : high fever , headache , muscle aches , stomach pain , fatigue , diarrhea , sore throat , hiccups , rash , red and itchy eyes , vomiting blood , bloody diarrhea .
Within one week of becoming infected with the virus : chest pain , shock and death , blindness , bleeding .
Without an " off switch , " the glands and muscles are constantly stimulated .
Wound botulism can be prevented by promptly seeking medical care for infected wounds and by not using injectable street drugs .
Wound botulism is caused by toxin produced from a wound infected with the botulism bacteria .
Wound botulism occurs when wounds are infected with C . botulinum that secretes the toxin .
Wounds should be treated , usually surgically , to remove the source of the toxin - producing bacteria .
Y . pestis is found in rodents and their fleas in many areas around the world .
You and your children cannot catch anthrax from each other or from any other person .
You can take simple steps to help prevent the spread of any type of influenza and other illnesses .
You should not obtain antibiotics for your children unless public health authorities have confirmed that it is likely they have come into contact with the bacteria that cause anthrax .
Your children will be less fearful if they see that you are not afraid and if you spend time with them answering all of their questions .
