( also called caliper splint ) a leg splint that consists of metal rods attached to a padded ring at the top of the leg , taking the weight of the body used to exert traction on a deformed or paralyzed leg as part of orthopedic treatment .
( also called implosion ) a method of treating phobias in which the patient is exposed intensively and at length to the feared object , either in reality or fantasy .
( extraversion ) an enduring personality trait characterized by interest in the outside world rather than the self .
( fibromyoma , uterine fibroma ) a bening tumor of fibrous and muscular tissue , one or more of which may develop in the muscular wall of the womb .
( formerly ) any form of medical treatment using electricity .
( formerly ) discharge through the nostrils associated with necrosis of the nasal bones : seen in infants with congenital syphilis .
( formerly ) the spermatic cord or umbilical cord .
( group psychotherapy ) psychotherapy involving at least two patients and a therapist .
( in medicine ) an instrument that is placed between a patient 's teeth to keep his mouth open .
( in a fractured bone ) the successful result of healing of a fracture , in which the previously separated bone ends have become firmly united by newly formed bone .
( in a hospital ) a group of doctors of consultant grade ( some or all of the consultants on the hospital staff ) who give medical viewpoints on affairs concerned with overall policies on patient care , resource allocation , and the running of the hospital .
( in a hospital ) an experienced physician or surgeon responsible for the care of a number of patients with the assistance of junior doctors , whom he instructs .
( in anesthetics ) initiation of anesthesia .
( in anatomy ) a beaklike projection , such as that on the sphenoid bone .
( in anatomy ) a canal containing fluid .
( in anatomy ) a canal or hollow groove .
( in anatomy ) a cavity situated at the entrance to a hollow part .
( in anatomy ) a circular opening or ring - shaped structure .
( in anatomy ) a communication between two blood vessels without any intervening capillary network .
( in anatomy ) a crescent - shaped structure , such as the fibrocartilaginous disc that divides the cavity of a synovial joint .
( in anatomy ) a crest or a long narrow protuberance , e . g . on a bone .
( in anatomy ) a groove or cleft ; e . g . fissure of Sylvius is the groove that separates the temporal lobe of the brain from the frontal and parietal lobes .
( in anatomy ) a group of organs and tissues associated with a particular physiological function , such as the nervous system or respiratory system .
( in anatomy ) a hollow chamber or a depression in an organ or other part .
( in anatomy ) a hollow enclosed area ; for example , the abdominal cavity or the buccal cavity .
( in anatomy ) a hollow or depression , such as any of the depressions on the surface of an embryo marking the site of future organs .
( in anatomy ) a hollow or depression into which another part fits , such as the cavity in the alveolar bone of the jaws into which the root of a tooth fits .
( in anatomy ) a horn - shaped structure , such as the horn - shaped processes of the hyoid bone and thyroid cartilage .
( in anatomy ) a line , furrow , or narrow band .
( in anatomy ) a line , narrow streak , or stripe .
( in anatomy ) a long hollow cylindrical structure , e . g . a Fallopian tube .
( in anatomy ) a loop , for example , the ansa hypoglossi is the loop formed by the descending branch of the hypoglossal nerve .
( in anatomy ) a notch , small hollow , or depression .
( in anatomy ) a part resembling a small column .
( in anatomy ) a point or small area , especially the puncta lacrimalia - the two openings of the tear ducts in the inner corners of the upper and lower eyelids ( see lacrimal apparatus ) .
( in anatomy ) a portion of a tissue or organ , usually distinguishable from other portions by lines of demarcation .
( in anatomy ) a process , outgrowth , or extension of an organ or other structure .
( in anatomy ) a projecting part of an organ or other structure .
( in anatomy ) a projection , such as a projection on a bone .
( in anatomy ) a recess or depression in a smooth surface .
( in anatomy ) a ridge or furrow that connects two parts of a bone .
( in anatomy ) a rounded bony prominence .
( in anatomy ) a rounded flattened structure , such as an intervertebral disc or the optic disc .
( in anatomy ) a rounded projecting part , e . g . the projecting part of the chin ( mental protuberance ) .
( in anatomy ) a small cavity or depression ; for example , one of the spaces in compact bone in which a bone cell lies .
( in anatomy ) a small cylindrical hollow structure .
( in anatomy ) a small depression , especially the shallow pit in the retina at the back of the eye .
( in anatomy ) a small group of cells that is structurally distinct from the cells surrounding it .
( in anatomy ) a small rounded protuberance on a bone .
( in anatomy ) a small sac - like structure , especially occurring as an outgrowth of a large structure .
( in anatomy ) a streak , line , or thin band .
( in anatomy ) a surface that slops , such as occurs in part of the sphenoid bone .
( in anatomy ) a thickened or swollen part .
( in anatomy ) a thin musculomembranous dome - shaped muscle that separates the thoracic and abdominal cavities .
( in anatomy ) a thin prominence or protuberance ; for example , any of the processes of a vertebra .
( in anatomy ) a threadlike structure , such as a muscle cell , a nerve fibre , or a collagen fibre .
( in anatomy ) a three - sided structure or area ; for example , the femoral triangle .
( in anatomy ) a type of immovable joint , found particularly in the skull , characterized by a minimal amount of connective tissue between the two bones .
( in anatomy ) a winglike structure ; for example , either of the two lateral flared portions of the external nose or the winglike part of the ilium .
( in anatomy ) an arch ; for example the arcus aortae .
( in anatomy ) an area of tissue or group of cells clearly differentiated from surrounding tissues .
( in anatomy ) an edge or border ; for example , the limbus sclerae is the junction of the cornea and sclera of the eye .
( in anatomy ) an elongated apparently supportive structure .
( in anatomy ) an encircling or arching arrangement of bones .
( in anatomy ) an entrance into a hollow organ or cavity .
( in anatomy ) an indentation , especially one in a bone .
( in anatomy ) an opening resembling a window .
( in anatomy ) any cordlike structure , especially the umbilical cord .
( in anatomy ) any part resembling a shell , the concha auriculae is a depression on the outer surface of the pinna ( auricle ) , which leads to the external auditory meatus of the outer ear .
( in anatomy ) any pillar - shaped structure , especially any of the tracts of grey matter found in the spinal cord .
( in anatomy ) any rounded structure or a rounded expansion at the end of an organ or part .
( in anatomy ) any slender stemlike process .
( in anatomy ) any small bladder , especially one filled with fluid .
( in anatomy ) describing a structure , such as a nerve or blood vessel , that turns back on its course , forming a loop .
( in anatomy ) describing organs or parts that have the same basic structure and evolutionary origin , but not necessarily the same function or superficial structure .
( in anatomy ) extending from the back ( dorsal ) surface to the front ( ventral ) surface .
( in anatomy ) lower in the body in relation to another structure or surface .
( in anatomy ) relating to or affecting both sides of the body or of a tissue or organ or both of a pair of organs ( e . g . the eyes , breasts , or ovaries ) .
( in anatomy ) relating to or affecting one side of the body or one side of an organ or other part .
( in anatomy ) relating to the region or parts of the body that are furthest from the median plane .
( in anatomy ) shaped like a loop , the term is applied to certain lobules of the cerebellum .
( in anatomy ) situated at or close to a surface .
( in anatomy ) situated at right angles to the long axis of the body of an organ .
( in anatomy ) situated away from the origin or point of attachment or from the median line of the body .
( in anatomy ) situated close to the origin or point of attachment or close to the median line of the body .
( in anatomy ) situated in or towards the plane that divides the body into right and left halves .
( in anatomy ) situated uppermost in the body in relation to another structure or surface .
( in anatomy ) the extremity of the axis of the body , an organ , or a cell .
( in anatomy ) the foot or a part resembling a foot .
( in anatomy ) the layer of connective tissue that envelops structures such as nerves , arteries , tendons , and muscles .
( in anatomy ) the mouth or any mouthlike part .
( in anatomy ) the point at which division into two branches occurs , for example in blood vessels or in the trachea .
( in anatomy ) the point at which two different tissues or structures are in contact .
( in anatomy ) the point of attachment of a muscle ( e . g . to a bone ) .
( in anatomy ) the point of attachment of a muscle that remains relatively fixed during contraction of the muscle .
( in anatomy ) the point or type of contact between two bones .
( in anatomy ) the position of the thumb in relation to the other fingers when it is moved towards the palm of the hand .
( in anatomy ) the state of opposite parts of an organ or parts at opposite sides of the body corresponding to each other .
( in anatomy ) the transparent crystalline structure situated behind the pupil of the eye enclosed in a thin transparent capsule .
( in anatomy and embryology ) the infolding of two surfaces of membranes .
( in animal behaviour ) a rapid and irreversible form of learning that takes place in some animals during the first hours of life .
( in bacteriology ) describing bacteria that grow well in acid media .
( in bacteriology ) the decomposition of organic matter due to microbial action .
( in bacteriology ) the period of development of a bacterial culture .
( in behaviour modification ) see prompting .
( in behaviour therapy ) a form of aversion therapy in which anxietyproducing stimuli are associated with the unwanted behaviour .
( in behaviour therapy ) a method of treating fears and phobias that involves confronting the individual with the situation he has been avoiding , so allowing the fears to wane by extinction .
( in biochemistry ) a substance that helps to bring about oxidation of a reduced substrate by accepting hydrogen ions .
( in biochemistry ) an energy dependent process in which certain substances ( including ions , some drugs , and amino acids ) are able to cross cell membranes against a concentration gradient .
( in biostatistics ) a characteristic ( e . g . morbidity , life style , or habit ) relating to single individual or group .
( in Britain ) a building owned or leased by a District Health Authority , that houses personnel and services from one or several sections of the National Health Service ( e . g . general practitioners , community nurses , dentists , child health clinics , and facilities for X - rays , laboratory tests , and electrocardiography ) .
( in Britain ) a comprehensive service offering therapeutic and preventive medical and surgical care , including the prescription and dispensing of medicines , spectacles , and medical and dental appliances .
( in Britain ) a department of central government responsible for the compilation and publication of statistics relating to national and local population and the demographic patterns of births , marriages , and deaths ( including the medical cause of death ) .
( in Britain ) a doctor of consultant status with special postgraduate training in community medicine .
( in Britain ) a generic for health visitors , domiciliary midwives , and home nurses .
( in Britain ) a group of consultants and other experts set up ( especially in a hospital ) to monitor investigations , concerned with teaching or research , that involve the use of human subjects .
( in Britain ) a group of local residents ( usually one per district ) appointed to voice the views of patients in relation to the National Health Service .
( in Britain ) a group of representative specialist and general practitioner who serve as medical advisors and spokesmen to a District or Regional Health Authority ( District Medical Committee or Regional Medical Committee ) .
( in Britain ) a list of persons who are technically blind due to reduced visual acuity ( inability to read a car number plate from a distance of three meters ) or who have severely restricted fields of vision ( see blindness ) .
( in Britain ) a list of persons who have poor sight but are not technically blind .
( in Britain ) a regional service , with head - quarters at Colindale , to assist with the investigation and control of infections .
( in Britain ) a service concerned with the early detection of physical , mental , and emotional abnormalities in schoolchildren and their subsequent treatment and surveillance .
( in Britain ) a special clinic for the routine care of infants and preschool children , formerly known as a child welfare centre .
( in Britain ) a special committee established regionally ( Regional Manpower Committee ) and centrally ( Central Manpower Committee ) by the Department of Health and Social Security to advise on medical staffing by specialty and to consider the relative numbers of consultants and training grades of doctors in the National Health Service .
( in Britain ) a State Registered Nurse with special training in midwifery ( both hospital and domiciliary practice ) .
( in Britain ) a trained nurse with special training in domiciliary services .
( in Britain ) a voluntary agency interested in all aspects of the care those with handicaps and in improving their quality of life .
( in Britain ) a voluntary agency with particular interest in the problems of the aged .
( in Britain ) a voluntary experimental scheme organized by Social Service Departments of local authorities to bridge the gap in the care of the elderly between total independence and the provision of a home help .
( in Britain ) an Act providing for the identification and care of those suffering from a chronic or degenerative disease for which there is no cure and which can be only partially alleviated by treatment .
( in Britain ) an authority responsible for running general medical services ( general practitioners , dentists , pharmacists , and opticians ) for the population served by one or more District Health Authorities .
( in Britain ) an education establishment for handicapped children .
( in Britain ) an employee of a local authority with special training in and responsibility for people with mental illness .
( in Britain ) an integral part of the Manpower Services Commission ( MSC ) established in 1974 to take over responsibility from the Department of Employment for running public employment services .
( in Britain ) health and social services that are available in the home and are distinguished from hospital - based services .
( in Britain ) statistical review , organized jointly by the Department of Health and Social Security and the Office of Population Censuses and Surveys , providing information about in - patients treated in National Health Service hospitals .
( in Britain ) the entry and detention of a person within an institution ( hospital or Part III Accommodation ) without his consent , either because of mental illness ( see Mental Health Act ) or severe social deprivation ( see National Assistance Act ) .
( in Britain ) under the terms of the Infanticide Act ( 1938 ) , the felony of child destruction by the natural mother within 12 months of birth when the balance of her mind is disturbed because she has not fully recovered from childbirth and lactation .
( in Britain ) weekly payments made to those who are unable to work through illness , provided they have made the necessary number of consecutive contributions under the terms of the National Insurance Act .
( in cell biology ) the manufacture of proteins in a cell , which takes place at the ribosomes .
( in chemotherapy ) to administer small doses of cyclophosphamide prior to high dose chemotherapy and radiotherapy .
( in craniometry ) the tip of the protuberance of the chin .
( in dental anatomy ) denoting or relating to the biting surface of a premolar or molar tooth .
( in dentistry ) a . the hole in a tooth caused by caries or abrasion . b . the hole shaped in the tooth by a dentist to retain a filling .
( in dentistry ) a ceramic material used to construct tooth - coloured crowns .
( in dentistry ) a component of a partial denture that keeps it in place .
( in dentistry ) a fixed replacement for missing teeth .
( in dentistry ) a material that is bonded to the enamel surface of teeth to seal the fissures , in order to prevent dental caries .
( in dentistry ) a naturally occurring groove in the enamel in the surface of a tooth , especial a molar .
( in dentistry ) a piece of mucous membrane and periosteum attached by a broad base .
( in dentistry ) a protective layer placed in a prepared tooth cavity before a restoration in inserted .
( in dentistry ) a rigid restoration inserted into a tapered cavity in a tooth .
( in dentistry ) a rigid structure that is embedded in bone or under its periosteum to provide support for replacement teeth on a denture or a bridge .
( in dentistry ) a rotary instrument used to remove tooth substance , particularly in the treatment of caries .
( in dentistry ) a sheet of rubber used to isolate one or more teeth during treatment .
( in dentistry ) a solution of natural or synthetic resin in an organic solvent .
( in dentistry ) a special machined joint that holds certain types of partial dentures in place .
( in dentistry ) a thin layer of cement inserted into the minute space between a prepared tooth and a crown or inlay to hold it permanently in place .
( in dentistry ) an accurate cast of the teeth and jaws made from modified plaster of Paris .
( in dentistry ) an apparatus for relating the upper and lower models of a patient 's dentition in a fixed position , usually with maximum tooth contact .
( in dentistry ) an elastic mould made of the teeth and surrounding soft tissues or a toothless jaw .
( in dentistry ) an instrument for transferring the jaw relationship of a patient to an articulator allow reproduction of the lateral and protrusive movements of the lower jaw .
( in dentistry ) any type of dental filling or crown , which is aimed at restoring a tooth to its normal form , function , and appearance .
( in dentistry ) backward movement of the lower jaw .
( in dentistry ) crowning the technique of fitting a tooth with an artificial crown .
( in dentistry ) describing the surface of a tooth away from the midline of the jaw .
( in dentistry ) forward movement of the lower jaw .
( in dentistry ) loss of surface tooth substance , usually caused by repeated application of acid , as may occur with excessive intake of citrus fruits .
( in dentistry ) removal of the pulp of a tooth .
( in dentistry ) see periodontal pocket .
( in dentistry ) surgical removal of the apex of the root of a tooth .
( in dentistry ) the application of a fixative to the dental pulp to prevent its decomposition .
( in dentistry ) the attachment of dental restorations , and appliances to teeth .
( in dentistry ) the drawing back of one or more teeth into a better position by an orthodontic appliance .
( in dentistry ) the emergence of a growing tooth from the gum into the mouth .
( in dentistry ) the knocking out of a tooth by trauma .
( in dentistry ) the movement of a tooth beyond its normal alignment .
( in dentistry ) the operation of inserting a specially prepared substance into a cavity drilled in a carious tooth .
( in dentistry ) the part of a denture that keeps it in place .
( in dentistry ) the part of a tooth that is not covered by enamel and is normally attached to the alveolar bone by periodontal fibres .
( in dentistry ) the relation of the upper and lower teeth when they are in contact .
( in dentistry ) the wearing of tooth surfaces by the action of opposing teeth .
( in early biological theory ) a miniature human being thought to be contained within each of the reproductive cells .
( in electroencephalography ) describing discharges that can be recorded synchronously from all parts of the brain .
( in embryology ) a plug of fibrin and blood cells that develops over the side at which a developing fertilized ovum has become embedded in the wall of the womb .
( in embryology ) describing cells or tissues that are formed in the early stages of embryonic development .
( in embryology ) the part of the segmented mesoderm ( see somite ) in the early embryo that gives rise to all the skeletal tissue of the body .
( in embryology ) the process by which a chemical released from one part of an embryo causes another part to develop in a particular way .
( in embryology ) the process of repeated cell division of the fertilized egg to form a ball of cells that becomes the blastocyst .
( in endodontics ) a procedure to allow continued root formation in an immature tooth with a damaged pulp .
( in endodontics ) the procedure of removing the remnants of the pulp of a tooth , cleaning and shaping the canal inside the tooth , and filling the root canal ( see root filling ) .
( in genetics ) a chromosome or fragment of a chromosome that has no centromere .
( in genetics ) a condition in which a chromosome or a genetic character occurs in more than one form , resulting in the coexistence of more than one morphological type in the same population .
( in genetics ) a person who bears a gene for an abnormal trait without showing signs of the disorder , the carrier is usually heterozygous for the gene concerned , which is recessive .
( in genetics ) a structure consisting of homologous chromosomes attached to each other by chiasmata during the first division of meiosis .
( in genetics ) a type of chromosome mutation in which a part of the chromosome , and therefore the genes carried on that part , is lost .
( in genetics ) a type of chromosome mutation in which part of a chromosome is transferred to another part of the same chromosome or to a different chromosome .
( in genetics ) describing a gene ( or its corresponding characteristic ) whose effect is shown in the individual whether its allele is the same or different .
( in genetics ) describing a pair of chromosomes of similar shape and size and having identical gene loci .
( in genetics ) the exchange of sections of chromatids between pairs of homologous chromosomes , which results in the recombination of genetic material .
( in genetics ) the four cells resulting from meiosis after the second telophase .
( in genetics ) the point at which homologous chromosomes remain in contact after they have started to separate in the first division of meiosis .
( in genetics ) the region of a chromosome occupied by a particular gene .
( in gynaecology ) the start of pregnancy , when a male germ cell ( sperm ) fertilizes a female germ cell ( ovum ) in the Fallopian tube .
( in haematology ) an abnormal form of red blood cell ( erythrocyte ) in which the cell assumes the ringed appearance of a " target " in stained blood films .
( in histology ) describing tissues , cells , or parts of cells that stain with acid dyes .
( in homeopathic medicine ) the orthodox system of medicine , in which the use of drugs is directed to producing effects in the body that will directly oppose and so alleviate the symptoms of a disease .
( in immunology ) the extent to which a sample of blood serum containing antibody can be diluted before losing its ability to cause agglutination of the relevant antigen .
( in Jun - gian psychology ) an inherited idea or mode of thought supposed to be present in the unconscious mind and to derive from the experience of the whole human race , not from the life experience of the individual .
( in Jungian psychology ) an archetype that is the feminine component of a male 's personality .
( in medicine ) a group of three united or closely associated structures of three symptoms or effects that occur together .
( in medicine ) a measurement of some factor , such as blood pressure , pulse rate , or haemoglobin level , that may have a bearing on the condition being investigated .
( in medicine ) a passage connecting two anatomical channels and diverting blood from one to the other .
( in medicine ) a strong reason for believing that a particular course of action is desirable .
( in medicine ) relating to the body rather than to the mind .
( in microscopy ) a structure seen in a tissue under a microscope that is not present in the living tissue .
( in microscopy ) a substance , such as alum or phenol , used to fix a stain in a tissue .
( in microscopy ) a thin slice of the specimen to be examined under a microscope .
( in microscopy ) an arrangement of lenses beneath the stage of a microscope .
( in microscopy ) the arrangement of lenses in a light microscope that is nearest to the object under examination and furthest from the eyepiece .
( in microscopy ) the fixing of a specimen within a mass of firm material in order to facilitate the cutting of thin sections for microscopical study .
( in microscopy ) the process of the removing the cloudiness from microscopical specimens after dehydration by means of a clearing agent .
( in mining ) an explosive mixture of gases , usually containing a high proportion of methane , occasionally encountered in pockets underground .
( in mining ) any gas encountered underground other than air .
( in mining ) the poisonous gas containing carbon dioxide , carbon monoxide , or other suffocating material , sometimes found in pockets in underground workings .
( in neurology ) a bundle of nerve fibres at its emergence from the spinal cord .
( in neurology ) a collection of neurones whose activities control a particular function .
( in neurology ) an impairment in the performance of precise rapid movements .
( in neurology ) any structure containing a collection of nerve cell bodies and often also numbers of synapses .
( in neurology ) decribing a neurone ( nerve cell ) that has two processes extending in different directions from its cell body .
( in neurology ) describing of neuron that has one main process extruding from the cell body .
( in neurology ) one of the folded and overlapping regions of cerebral cortex that conceal the insula on each side of the brain .
( in neurology ) resistance to the passive movement of a limb that persists throughout its range .
( in neurology ) the formation of nerve tracts by fibres coming together into one pathway from different regions of the brain .
( in neurology ) the pause of a few milliseconds between the time that a nerve impulse reaches a muscle fibre and the time that the fibre starts to contract .
( in neurology ) the phenomenon that occurs when a neurone receives , through a number of different synapses , impulses that are not powerful enough individually to start an action potential but whose combined activity brings about some depolarization of the membrane .
( in neurology ) the point at which a stimulus begins to evoke a response , and therefore a measure of the sensitivity of a system under particular conditions .
( in neurology ) the time of recovery needed for a nerve cell that has just transmitted a nerve impulse or for a muscle fibre that has just contracted .
( in neurophysiology ) the triggering of a conducted impulse in the membrane of a muscle cell or nerve fibre .
( in obstetrics ) a membrane that may cover an infant 's head at birth .
( in obstetrics ) any one of the three successive three - monthly periods ( the first , second , and third trimesters ) into which a pregnancy may be divided .
( in obstetrics ) the artificial starting of childbirth .
( in obstetrics ) the natural breakdown of a dead fetus within the womb .
( in obstetrics ) the permanent shortening of the muscle fibres of the womb wall that occurs each time they contract during labour .
( in oncology ) to determine the presence and site of metastases from a primary tumour in order to plan treatment .
( in ophthalmology ) an operation in which the contents of the eyeball are removed , the empty outer envelope ( sclera ) being left behind .
( in ophthalmology ) any abnormal position of one or both eyes .
( in ophthalmology ) describing an optical device consisting of an opaque disc punctured with a fine slit or hole ( or holes ) , which is placed in front of the eye in the same position as glasses and enables sharper vision in cases fo gross long or short sightedness or astigmatism .
( in ophthalmology ) to accommodate ( see accommodation ) .
( in opthalmology ) an operation in which all the contents of the eye socket ( orbit ) are removed , leaving only the bony walls intact .
( in optics ) a piece of glass shaped to refract rays of light in a particular direction .
( in pathology ) a cleft like defect in the skin or mucous membrane caused by some disease process ; e . g . an anal fissure is a break in the skin lining the anal canal .
( in pathology ) an abnormal outgrowth from a membrane , fancied to resemble a vegetable growth .
( in pathology ) degenerative changes in the epithelium of the kidney tubules .
( in pharmacology ) any of several compounds of the metal gold , used in the treatment of rheumatoid arthritis .
( in pharmacology ) the condition of being psychologically dependent on a drug , following repeated consumption , marked by a craving for the drug if it is withdrawn .
( in pharmacy ) a drop . Drops are the form in which medicines are applied to the eyes and ears .
( in pharmacy ) a liquid preparation that is applied to the skin or mucous membranes .
( in pharmacy ) a medicinal preparation consisting of mixture of two or more drugs in the form of the fine particles .
( in pharmacy ) a medicinal preparation of a soft sticky consistency which is applied externally .
( in pharmacy ) a small disc containing one or more drugs , made by compressing a powdered form of the drug ( s ) .
( in pharmacy ) a sweet substance that is combined with a medicinal preparation to make it suitable for administration .
( in pharmacy ) a thick aqueous solution of a gum used as a lubricant in skin preparations ( see also glycerin ) , for the production of pills , and for the suspension of insoluble substances .
( in pharmacy ) any solution , usually an aqueous solution .
( in pharmacy ) any substance that acts as the medium in which a drug is administered .
( in pharmacy ) the trade name of a drug : the name assigned to it by the firm that manufactured it .
( in physical medicine ) the treatment of an ill , injured , or disabled patient by massage , electrotherapy , and graduated exercises to restore normal health and functions or to prevent the disability from getting worse .
( in physiology ) a reciprocal influence exercised by different parts of the body on one another .
( in physiology ) relating to the threshold of perception .
( in physiology ) sluggishness or absence of activity in certain smooth muscles .
( in physiology ) the diminution of tension in a muscle , which occurs when it ceases to contract : the state of a resting muscle .
( in physiology ) the dissipation of body heat by such processes as the evaporation of sweat from the skin surface .
( in physiology ) the entire process of excretion of metabolic waste products from the blood by the kidneys and urinary tract .
( in physiology ) the phenomenon whereby an increase in the strength of a stimulus or repetition of the stimumus will stimulate increasing numbers of nerve cells to respond .
( in physiology ) the prevention or reduction of the functioning of an organ , muscle , etc . , by the action of certain nerve impulses .
( in physiology ) the property of certain kinds of tissue that enables them to respond in a specific way to outside stimuli .
( in physiology ) the uptake of fluids or other substances by the tissues of the body .
( in plastic surgery ) a narrow folded tube of skin by means of which a piece of skin used for grafting remains attached to its original site .
( in preventive medicine ) a measure of the reliability of a screening test based on the proportion of people with a specific disease who react positively to the test ( the higher the sensitivity the fewer false negatives ) .
( in psychiatry ) a sudden halting of the flow of thought or speech .
( in psychiatry ) a wave of emotion or the emotion associated with a particular idea .
( in psychiatry ) an obsessional type of thinking in which the same thoughts or themes are experienced repetitively , to the exclusion of other forms of mental activity .
( in psychiatry ) reversion to a more immature level of functioning .
( in psychiatry ) the experience that one 's thoughts are under the control of somebody else , or that other people participate in one 's thinking .
( in psychiatry ) the explanation of events or behaviour in terms that avoid giving the true reasons .
( in psychiatry ) the expression of conflict as physical symptoms .
( in psychiatry ) the invention of words to which meanings are attached .
( in psychiatry ) the process of making the living conditions of people with mental subnormality as similar as possible to those of people who are not handicapped .
( in psychiatry ) the process whereby thoughts and ideas can be split off from consciousness and may function independently , thus ( for example ) allowing conflicting opinions to be held the same time about the same object .
( in psychoanalysis ) a complex resulting from the conflict between Oedipal wishes ( see Oedipus complex ) and the reality of the child 's lack of power .
( in psychoanalysis ) a defense mechanism by which unacceptable unconscious ideas are replaced by the opposite conscious attitude .
( in psychoanalysis ) a failure of psychological development , in which traumatic events prevent a child from progressing to the next developmental stage .
( in psychoanalysis ) a technique in which the patient is encouraged to pursue a particular train of ideas as they enter consciousness .
( in psychoanalysis ) an emotionally charged and repressed group of ideas and beliefs that is capable of influencing an individual 's behaviour .
( in psychoanalysis ) an inner command that prevents one from doing something forbidden .
( in psychoanalysis ) denoting the part of the mind that includes memories , motives , and intentions that are momentarily not present in consciousness but can more or less readily be recalled to awareness .
( in psychoanalysis ) denoting the part of the mind that includes memories , motives and intentions that are not accessible to awareness and cannot be made conscious without overcoming resistances .
( in psychoanalysis ) the part of the mind that develops from a person 's experience of the outside world and it is most in touch with external realities .
( in psychoanalysis ) the part of the mind that functions as a moral conscience or judge .
( in psychoanalysis ) the process by which a patient comes to feel and act towards the therapist as though he were somebody from the patient 's past life , especial a powerful parent .
( in psychoanalysis ) the process of adopting , or of believing that one possesses , the qualities of another person .
( in psychoanalysis ) the process of excluding an unacceptable wish or an idea from conscious mental life .
( in psychoanalysis ) the replacement of one idea by another : a form of defence mechanism .
( in psychological development ) the process of adopting other people 's characteristics more or less permanently .
( in psychology ) a defence mechanism by which a person consciously and deliberately ignores and idea that is unpleasant to him .
( in psychology ) a memory defect in which items that have been registered in the memory are lost from storage .
( in psychology ) a person or object in someone 's life that functions as a substitute for another person .
( in psychology ) a quality of some stimuli that makes them much more likely to give rise to a pathological fear .
( in psychology ) a tendency not to carry out a specific action , produced each time the action is carried out .
( in psychology ) a way of recording behaviour in which the presence of a particular kind of behaviour is noted whenever it occurs .
( in psychology ) a way of recording behaviour in which the presence or absence of particular kinds of behaviour is noted during each of several fixed prearranged periods of time .
( in psychology ) an emotionally painful and harmful event .
( in psychology ) an enduring disposition to act and feel in particular ways that differentiate one individual from another .
( in psychology ) an idea or mental impression .
( in psychology ) any means of understanding complex mental processes or experiences .
( in psychology ) awareness of oneself in time , space , and place .
( in psychology ) linkage of one idea to another in a regular way according to their meaning .
( in psychology ) the attribution of one 's own qualities to other people .
( in psychology ) the condition of holding opposite feelings ( such as love and hate ) for the same person or object .
( in psychology ) the development of a close and selective relationship , such as that of attachment .
( in psychology ) the mechanism postulated by Freud , that suppresses or modifies desires that are inappropriate or feared .
( in psychology ) the process by which the qualities of an object , situation , etc . , perceived by an individual are correlated with his preexisting knowledge .
( in psychology ) the process by which information about the world , received by the senses , is analyzed and made meaningful .
( in psychology ) the process of changing a person 's beliefs , attitudes , or emotions by telling him that they will change .
( in psychology ) the process of developing the first close selective relationship of a child 's life , most commonly with the mother .
( in psychology ) the process of representing an object or an idea by something else .
( in psychology ) the removal of one 's interest from one 's surroundings .
( in psychology ) the situation in which a person tries to overcome a disability by making greater efforts than are required .
( in psychology ) the state produced when a stimulus produces two opposing reactions .
( in psychology ) the strengthening of a conditioned reflex ( see conditioning ) .
( in psychology ) the substitution of one type of behaviour for another , usually the substitution of a relatively harmless activity for a harmful one ; for example , kicking the cat instead of one 's boss .
( in psychology ) the weakening of a conditioned reflex that takes place if it is not maintained by reinforcement .
( in psydoanalysis ) the internal unconscious representation of an important person in the individual 's life , particularly a parent .
( in radiography ) a thin light - proof box in which a piece of X - ray film is placed during the taking of an X - ray .
( in radiology ) denoting a horizontal view of the base of the skull .
( in statistics ) a measure of the scatter of observations about their arithmetic mean , which is calculated from the square root of the variance of the readings in the series .
( in statistics ) a relationship between two groups of observations indicating that the difference between them ( e . g . between the percentages of smokers and nonsmokers respectively who die from lung cancer ) is unlikely to have occurred by chance alone .
( in statistics ) presentation of the characteristics ( variables ) of a series of individuals ( e . g . their heights , weights , or blood pressures ) in tabular form or as a histogram so as to indicate the proportion of the series that have different measurements .
( in statistics ) the extent to which one of a pair of characteristics affects the other in a series of individuals .
( in surgery ) a long rodlike instrument , often with a curved end , used to explore body cavities ( such as the bladder ) or to dilate strictures in the urethra or other canals .
( in surgery ) a strip of tissue dissected away from the underlying structures but left attached at one end so that it retains its blood and nerve supply .
( in surgery ) an artificial connection between two tubular organs or parts , especially between two normally separate parts of the intestine .
( in surgery ) an investigative operation to determine the cause of symptoms .
( in surgery ) the act of cutting ( the cut or division made is also called a section ) .
( in surgery ) the artificial opening of a tube ( e . g . the colon or ileum ) that has been brought to the abdominal surface ( see colostomy , ileostomy ) .
( in surgery ) the closure of a wound or incision with material such as silk or catgut , to facilitate the healing process .
( in surgery ) the joining together of two structures .
( in surgery ) the restoration of a displaced part of the body to its normal position by manipulation or operation .
( in surgery ) the returning to a normal position of displaced bones , organs , or other parts by manipulation only , unaided by mechanical devices .
( in surgery ) the separation of a structure from surrounding structures by the use of instruments .
( in the lung ) a blind - ended air sac of microscopic size .
( in the lung ) the tissue supplied with air by one terminal bronchiole .
( in the UK ) an Act of Parliament restricting the use of dangerous drugs .
( in therapeutics ) a prescribed systematic form of treatment , such as a diet , course of drugs , or special exercises , for curing disease or improving health .
( in ultrasonics ) the reflection of sound waves from the surface of an internal structure , which can be used to produce a picture of the surface as an echogram ( see echography ) .
( Kanner 's syndrome , infantile autism ) a rare and severe psychiatric disorder of childhood , with an onset before the age of 2 years .
( local ) ( in Britain ) a group of representatives of the general practitioners under contract with a single Family Practitioner Committee .
( manikin ) a dwarf with no deformity or abnormality other than small size .
( manikin ) a small jointed anatomical model of a man .
( of a disease ) caused by a particular microorganism that cause no other disease .
( of a living organism ) barren ; unable to reproduce its kind ( see sterility ) .
( of a malignant tumour ) to spread by metastasis .
( of a mean ) the extent to which the means of several different samples would vary if they were taken repeatedly from the same population .
( of an organ , tumour ) enclosed in a capsule .
( of inanimate objects ) completely free from bacteria , fungi , viruses , or other microorganisms that could cause infection .
( of the aorta ) a congenital narrowing of a short segment of the aorta .
( of the diaphragm ) abnormal elevation of part of the diaphragm due to a congenital weakness ( but without true herniation ) , as observed by X - ray .
( of the eye ) the distance between the lens and the point behind the lens at which light from a distant object is focused .
( of the forearm ) in the position in which the palm of the hand faces downwards ( see pronation ) .
( of the forearm ) in the position in which the palm of the hand faces upwards .
( of tissues ) containing more than the normal quantity of blood .
( or hyposensization ) a method for reducing the effects of a known allergen by injecting , over a period , gradually increasing doses of the allergen , until resistance is built up .
( or inspiration ) the act of breathing air into the lungs through the mouth and nose .
( or nidation ) the attachment of the early embryo to the lining of the womb , which occurs at the blastocyst stage of development , six to eight days after ovulation .
( originally ) any of a group of skin diseases typified by the development of fine branlike scales .
( urinary bladder ) a sac shaped organ that has a wall of smooth muscle and stores the urine produced by the kidneys .
0.8 x 0.3 mm are visible as light white specks .
1 British thermal unit = 1055 joules . Abbrev : Btu .
1. a photograph reduced to microscopic proportions . 2. ( loosely ) a photomicrograph .
1. prefix denoting an enzyme . 2. prefix denoting fermentation .
1. relating to the portal vein or system . 2. relating to a portal .
1. situated behind any centre . 2. situated behind the central fissure of the brain .
1. the back . 2. the upper or posterior surface of a part of the body ; for example , of the hand .
60 % of battered children suffer from further injury if discharged from hospital without the intensive support of a social worker and surveillance of family doctor and health visitor .
A . aegypti is the principal vector of dengue and yellow fever .
A . niger is commonly found in the external ear and can become pathogenic .
A " false " joint , formed around a displaced bone end after dislocation .
A " shadow photograph " , such as an X - ray photograph produced in radiography .
A " slipped disc " : protrusion of the pulpy inner material of an intervertebral disc through the fibrous outer coat , causing pressure on adjoining nerve roots , ligament , etc .
A baby born to a woman as a result of fertilization of one of her ova by her husband 's sperm outside her body ( in vitro fertilization ) .
A backflow of liquid , against its normal direction of movement .
A backward - looking review of the characteristics of a group of individuals in relation to morbidity , embracing some aspects of cross - sectional and case control studies .
A bacterial infection of the lungs , named after an outbreak of 182 cases at the American Legion convention in Pennnsylvania in 1976 .
A bacterial infection usually responds to antibiotics .
A bacterial or plant cell without its cell wall .
A bacterial skin infection usually caused by staphylococci , though occasionally by streptococci .
A badly affected valve may be replaced surgically with a prosthesis .
A balanced diet contains adequate quantities of all the nutrients .
A ball - and - socket joint : a type of diarthrosis ( freely movable joint ) , e . g . the shoulder joint and the hip joint .
A balloon - like swelling in the wall of an artery .
A band of fibres or a tendon - like structure .
A band of fibrous tissue that holds a part of the body in place .
A band of nerve fibres that form the roof and wall of the lower posterior part of the corpus callosum .
A bandage arranged to support a hanging part of the body .
A bandage arranged to support and rest an injured limb so that healing is not hindered by activity .
A bandage that is wound around a part of the body , usually the abdomen , to apply pressure or to give support or protection .
A bandage wound round a part of the body , overlapping the previous section at each turn .
A bandage wound spirally around an injured limb .
A barbiturate administered by mouth to treat insomnia .
A barbiturate drug used as a hypnotic and sedative in cases of insomnia and anxiety .
A barbiturate drug used to relieve insomnia and agitation and also as an anticonvulsant .
A barbiturate drug used to treat insomnia and anxiety and as an anticonvulsant in the treatment of epilepsy .
A barbiturate that has properties , uses , and side - effects similar to those of barbitone but acts more rapidly .
A barium enema using barium sulphate , which is opaque to X - rays , is given to demonstrate the coton by X - ray .
A barium salt , insoluble in water , that is opaque to X - rays and is used as a contrast medium in radiography of the stomach and intestines .
A basic aniline dye used for staining and counterstaining histological and bacterial specimens .
A basic compound important in the synthesis of phosphatidylcholine ( lecithin ) and other phospholipids and of acetylcholine .
A basic dye used for colouring the stainable part of the cell nucleus ( chromatin ) and with pyronin for the differential staining of RNA and DNA , which give a red and a green colour respectively .
A beaklike process that curves upwards and forwards from the top of the scapula , over the shoulder joint .
A bed with a flexible water containing mattress .
A bed with a mattress whose upper surface is perforated with thousands of holes , through which air is forced under pressure , the patient is thus supported , like a hovercraft , on a cushion of air .
A bend in a tubular organ , e . g . Henle 's loop in a kidney tubule .
A bend in an organ or part , such as the hepatic and splenic flexures of the colon .
A benign cartilaginous outgrowth from a bone .
A benign cartilaginous tumour ( see chondroma ) occurring in the growing zone ( metaphysis ) of a bone and not protruding beyond its margins .
A benign cartilaginous tumour ( see chondroma ) that protrudes beyond the margins of a bone .
A benign disorder of the nervous system that is characterized by brief irregular twitch - like contractions of the muscles of the limbs and trunk .
A benign gelatinous tumour of connective tissue .
A benign growth on the surface of skin or mucous membrane ( for example , in the womb ) .
A benign or malignant tumour of the synovial membrane .
A benign or malignant tumour of the thymus gland .
A benign tumour growing from the fibrous coverings of a peripheral nerve .
A benign tumour of cartilage - forming cells , which may occur at the growing end of any bone but is found most commonly in the bones of the feet and hands .
A benign tumour of epithelial origin that is derived from glandular tissue or exhibits clearly defined glandular structures .
A benign tumour of fibrous connective tissue containing cystic spaces .
A benign tumour of fibrous tissue that contains myxomatous elements ( see myxoma ) or has undergone mucoid degeneration .
A bereaved person , for instance , who is not grieving normally , may occasionally treasure the body of a loved one .
A bilobed organ in the root of the neck , above and in front of the heart .
A binocular microscope used in surgery , e . g . in operations to remove a blood clot from an artery ( see endarterectomy ) .
A biochemical process , occurring chiefly in the liver and in muscle , by which glycogen is broken down into glucose - 1 - phosphate .
A biopsy of the testis is necessary to differentiate these two causes of azoospermia .
A biotin deficiency is extremely rare in man , it can be inducted by eating large quantities of raw egg white , which contains a protein - avidin - that combines with biotin , making it unavailable to the body .
A birthmark : a clearly defined malformation of the skin , present at birth .
A bladder - like cyst formed in various human tissues following the growth of the larval stage of an Echinococcus tapeworm .
A blind - ended duct that leads from the sacculus and joins a duct from the utriculus of the membranous labyrinth of the ear .
A blind - ended pouch at the junction of the small and large intestines , situated below the ileocaecal valve .
A blindended lymphatic vessel that extends into a villus of the small intestine .
A blood cell containing the pigment haemoglobin , the principal function of which is the transport of oxygen .
A blood clot consists of a meshwork of the protein fibrin which various blood cells are trapped .
A blood clot that has not been carried in the boolstream from its point of origin is described as autochthonous .
A blood disease that affects young children .
A blood test early in pregnancy enables the detection of antibodies in the mother 's blood and the adoption of various precautions for the infant 's safety .
A blood vessel carrying blood away from the heart .
A blood vessel conveying blood towards the heart .
A blood vessel in the fetus connecting the pulmonary artery directly to the ascending aorta , so bypassing the pulmonary circulation .
A bloodsucking insect of the genus Cimex . C . hemipterus of the tropics and C . lectularius of temperate regions have reddish flattened bodies and vestigial wings .
A bloodsucking parasite belonging to the order of arthropods that also includes the mites .
A blue antiseptic dye that has been used to treat infections of the urinary system , methaemoglobinaemia , and in a test for kidney function .
A blue coloration develops in the presence of aldehydes .
A blue dye used in tests of liver function .
A bluish - red skin eruption occurs on the face , scalp , neck , shoulders , and hands and is later accompanied by severe swelling .
A bluish discoloration of the skin and mucous membranes resulting from an inadequate amount of oxygen in the blood .
A bluish or purplish coloration of the membrane lining the vagina , a possible indication of pregnancy .
A blunt needle for removing foreign bodies embedded in the cornea of the eye .
A boat - shaped bone of the ankle ( see tarsus ) that articulates with the three cuneiform bones in front and with the talus behind .
A boat - shaped bone of the wrist ( see carpus ) .
A boil is an example of an abscess within the skin .
A bone cell : an osteoblast that has ceased activity and has become embedded in the bone matrix .
A bone formed by the fusion of the ilium , ischium , and pubis .
A bone forming the base of the cranium behind the eyes .
A bone forming the lower and anterior part of each side of the hip bone ( see also pelvis ) .
A bone forming the lower part of each side of the hip bone ( see also pelvis ) .
A bone in the floor of the cranium that contributes to the nasal cavity and orbits .
A bone of the wrist ( see carpus ) , it articulates with the scaphoid and lunate bones behind and with the third metacarpal bone in front .
A bone that develops in connective tissue by direct ossification , without cartilage being formed first .
A bone tumour composed of cartilage - forming cells .
A bony canal in the mandible on each side .
A bony spur on the inside of the mandible , above the angle of the jaw .
A book containing a list of the drugs used in medicine , with details of their formulae , methods of preparation , dosages , standards of purity , etc .
A brain tumour derived from non - nervous cells ( glia ) , which - unlike the neurons - retain the ability to reproduce themselves by mitosis .
A brain tumour derived from remnants of Rathke 's pouch , an embryologic structure from which the pituitary gland is partly formed .
A branch , especially of a nerve fibre or blood vessel .
A branch of surgery dealing with the reconstruction of deformed or damaged parts of the body .
A branch of the brachial artery , beginning at the elbow and passing superficially down the forearm to the styloid process of the radius at the wrist .
A branch of the brachial artery arising at the elbow and running deep within the muscles of the medial side of the forearm .
A branch of the external carotid artery that supplies blood mainly to the temple and scalp .
A branching system of tubes conducting air from the trachea ( windpipe ) to the lungs , includes the bronchi ( see bronchus ) and their subdivision and the bronchioles .
A branching ulcer of the surface of the cornea caused by herpes simplex virus .
A breach in the lining ( mucosa ) of the digestive tract produced by digestion of the mucosa by pepsin and acid .
A break in the skin or in the mucous membrane lining the alimentary tract that fails to heal and is often accompanied by inflammation .
A break in the structure of an organ or tissue caused by an external agent .
A breast tumour containing milk , caused by closure of a milk duct .
A bright yellow metal that is very malleable .
A British voluntary organization providing a telephone service for the suicidal and despairing .
A broad flat muscle in the calf of the leg , beneath the gastrocnemius muscle .
A broad thin sheet of muscle that extends from below the collar bone to the angle of the jaw .
A broad two - edged surgical knife with a sharp point .
A bronchodilator drug used in the treatment of asthma , bronchitis , and other respiratory disorders .
A brown roundish flat spot on the skin caused by excess development of melamin .
A brown spot on the skin commonly found on the arms and face of young people with a fair complexion .
A brownish - yellow ring in the outer rim of the cornea of the eye .
A brownish pigment staining with certain fat stains .
A bruise , an initially bruish - black mark on the skin , resulting from the release of blood into the tissues either through injury or through the spontaneous leaking of blood from the vessels ( as in blood diseases ) .
A bulging of the sclera at the back of the eye ( posterior staphyloma ) occurs in some severe cases of short - sightedness .
A bullous eruption is an eruption of blisters .
A bundle of conducting nerve fibres ( see illustration ) that transmit impulses from the brain or spinal cord to the muscles and glands ( motor nerves ) or inwards from the sense organs to the brain and spinal cord ( sensory nerves ) .
A bundle of modified heart muscle fibres ( Purkinje fibres ) passing from the atrioventricular ( AV ) node forward to the septum between the ventricles , where it divides into right and left bundles , one for each ventricle .
A bundle of nerve fibres enclosed in a sheath ; a fasciculus .
A burn produced by a hot liquid or vapour , such as boiling water or steam .
A bursa often develops over the site and the great toe becomes displaced towards the others .
A calcified deposit that forms on the surfaces of teeth .
A callosity or corn on the foot or hand .
A cancellous osteoma ( exostosis ) is an outgrowth from the end of a long bone , usually rising to a point .
A capsule containing a miniature radio transmitter that can be swallowed by a patient .
A carbohydrate , consisting of branched chains of glucose units , that is a storage product of bacteria and yeasts .
A carbohydrate consisting of branched chains of glucose units .
A carbohydrate consisting of glucose and fructose .
A carbohydrate consisting of linked glucose units .
A carbohydrate consisting of two linked monosaccharide units .
A carbohydrate formed as an intermediate product in the digestion of starch by the enzyme amylase .
A carbohydrate formed from many monosacharides joined together in long linear or branched chains .
A carbohydrate with a high molecular weight , used in a test of kidney function called insulin clearance .
A carbohydrate with three carbon units : for example , glyceraldehydes .
A care order is often necessary to safeguard a child from further abuse .
A carefully measured quantity of a drug that is prescribed by a doctor to be given to a patient at any one time .
A cartilage cell , found embedded in the matrix .
A cartilage that connects a rib to the breastbone ( sternum ) .
A cartilaginous bar in the fetus around which the mandible develops .
A catarrhal inflammation of the mucous membranes in the nose due to either a cold or hay fever .
A catecholamine derived from dopa that is an intermediate in the synthesis of noradrenaline .
A category into which material is placed based on its serological activity , particularly in terms of the antigens it contains or the antibodies that may be produced against it .
A category used in the classification of animals and plants .
A catheter with an inflatable cuff is passed into the appropriate airway , through a bronchoscope , and the volume and rate of gas exchange is estimated .
A cathode - ray tube designed to display electronically a wave form corresponding to the electrical data fed into it .
A caustic agent that produces a dry scab , or slough , when applied to the skin .
A cavity , especially a cavity in a bone .
A cavity that forms in the very early embryo as the result of gastrulation ( see gastrula ) .
A cell , originating in the mesoderm of the embryo , that is responsible for the formation of bone .
A cell in the bone marrow that produces platelets .
A cell in the ovary that undergoes meiosis to form an ovum .
A cell or group of cells found between muscle fibres that responds to stretching of the muscle by transmitting impulses to the central nervous system through sensory nerves .
A cell or group of cells specialized to detect changes in the environment and trigger impulses in the sensory nervous system .
A cell or group of cells that responds to the presence of specific chemical compounds by initiating an impulse in a sensory nerve .
A cell produced as an intermediate stage in the formation of spermatozoa ( see spermatogenesis ) .
A cell produced at an early stage in the formation of an ovum ( egg cell ) .
A cell produced at an early stage in the formation of spermatozoa ( see spermatogenesis ) .
A cell that develops into a muscle fibre .
A cell that forms the enamel of a tooth and disappears before tooth eruption .
A cell that gives rise to the platelet - forming cell megakaryocyte , found in the blood - forming tissue of the bone marrow .
A cell that is able to engulf and digest bacteria , protozoa , cells and cell debris , and other small particles .
A cell that is concerned with the absorption of cartilage .
A cell that moves by sending out processes of its protoplasm in the same way as an amoeba .
A cell that produces the matrix of cartilage .
A cell that undergoes meiosis to form 6 - 8 mature male sex cells ( microgametes ) of the malarial parasite ( Plasmodium ) .
A cell that undergoes meiosis to form mature female sex cells ( macrogametes ) of the malarial parasite ( PLasmodium ) .
A cell type of carcinoma of the bronchus .
A cell within the epidermis of skin that produces the dark brown pigment melanin .
A cellular cast derived from a kidney tubule .
A centrifuge that works at extremely high speeds of rotation : used for separating large molecules , such as proteins .
A cephalhaematoma in an older baby or child is evidence of some recent injury to the head , occasionally an unsuspected fracture is revealed on X - ray .
A cephalin - like phospholipid containing the amino acid serine .
A cerebral tumour derived from the glial ( non - nervous ) cells lining the cavities of the ventricles of the brain ( see ependyma ) .
A cerebral tumour that occurs during childhood .
A certain degree of bowing is normal in small children , but persistence into adult life , or later development of this deformity , results from abnormal growth of the epiphysis ( as in Still 's disease ) or arthritis .
A certain degree of lordosis is normal in the lumbar and cervical regions of the spine .
A certain type of anaemia ( sideroblastic anaemia ) is characterized by the presence of abnormal ringed sideroblasts .
A certificate stating a doctor 's diagnosis of a patient 's medical condition , disability , or fitness to work .
A cervical erosion is an abnormal area of epithelium that may develop at the neck of the womb due to tissue damage caused at childbirth or by attempts at abortion .
A chamber in which frozen tissue is sectioned with a microtome .
A chamber of the embryonic heart that receives blood from several veins .
A change in the genetic material ( DNA ) of a cell , or the change this causes in a characteristic of the individual , which is not caused by normal genetic processes .
A channel in the eye , at the junction of the cornea and the sclera , through which the aqueous humour drains .
A channel within the vitreous humour of the eye .
A characteristic showing the effects of a mutation .
A chemical , present in inflammatory exudates , that attracts white blood cells ( leucocytes ) and increases the permeability of blood capillaries .
A chemical agent , e . g . alcohol or osmium tetroxide , used for the preservation and hardening of tissues for microscopical study .
A chemical agent used to destroy parasitic worms living in the intestine .
A chemical agent used to kill insects or other organisms harmful to crops and other cultivated plants .
A chemical complex of the pigment portion of haemoglobin ( haem ) with the plasma protein albumin .
A chemical compound that forms complexes by binding metal ions .
A chemical derivative of haemoglobin formed by removal of the protein part of the molecule , oxidation of the iron atom , and combination with an acid to form a salt ( compare haematin ) .
A chemical derivative of haemoglobin formed by removal of the protein part of the molecule and oxidation of the iron atom from the ferrous to the ferric form .
A chemical prepared from lumps on the skin caused by lepromatous leprosy .
A chemical that destroys or inhibits the growth of disease - causing bacteria and other microorganisms and is sufficiently nontoxic to be applied to the skin or mucous membranes to cleanse wounds and prevent infections or to be used internally to treat infections of the intestine and bladder .
A chemical used in an ointment to treat skin inflammation or in combination with other topically applied drugs to improve their absorption .
A child incapable of any form of independence from its mother : a child under one year of age , especially a premature or newborn child .
A chromosome in which the centromere is at or near the centre of the chromosome .
A chromosome in which the centromere is situated at either of its ends .
A chromosome in which the centromere is situated at or very near one end .
A chromosome mutation in which a block of genes within a chromosome are in reverse order , due to that section of the chromosome becoming inverted .
A chromosome that is involved in the determination of the sex of the individual .
A chronic but progressive disease characterized by fibrosis of the bone marrow , which leads to anaemia and the presence of immature red and white blood cells in the circulation .
A chronic condition , endomyocardial fibrosis , is seen in African negroes .
A chronic contagious eye disease - a severe form of conjunctivitis - caused by the virus - like organism Chlamydia trachomatis , it is common in tropical regions .
A chronic disease , caused by the bacterium Mycobaterium leprae , that affects the skin , mucous membranes , and nerves .
A chronic disease marked by abnormal fatiguability and weakness of selected muscles , which is relieved by rest or anticholinesterase drugs .
A chronic disease of bones , occurring in the elderly and most frequently affecting the skull , backbone , pelvis , and long bones .
A chronic disease of farm animals caused by bacteria of the genus Brucella , which can be transmitted to man either by contact with an infected animal or by drinking nonpasteurized contaminated milk .
A chronic disease of the nervous system affecting young and middled - aged adults .
A chronic disorder of unknown in many parts of the body are enlarged and small fleshy nodules ( see granuloma ) develop in the lungs , liver , and spleen .
A chronic form , with the gradual development of irreversible breathlessness , occurs with or without preceding acute attacks .
A chronic fungal infection of the skin usually caused by injury ; for example , a wounld from a wood splinter .
A chronic infection of the skin and superficial lymph nodes that is caused by the fungus Sporotrichum schenckii and results in the formation of abscesses and ulcers .
A chronic inflammation of tissue caused by a fungus .
A chronic inflammatory disease of connective tissue , affecting the skin and various internal organs .
A chronic itchy skin disease of unknown cause .
A chronic or persistent disorder of the mental processes due to organic brain disease .
A chronic skin disease in which itchy scaly red patches form on the elbows , forearms , knees , legs , scalp , and other parts of the body .
A chronic skin infection due to the bacterium Corynebacterium minutissimum , occurring in such areas as the armpits , groin , and toes , where skin surfaces are in contact .
A chronic venereal disease caused by the bacterium Treponema pallidum , resulting in the formation of lesions throughout the body .
A circle on the undersurface of the brain formed by linked branches of the arteries that supply the brain ( see illutration ) .
A circular movement , such as that made by a limb .
A cistron can be regarded as the functional equivalent of a gene .
A classification of the Streptococcus bacteria based on the persence or absence of antigenic carbohydrate on the cell surface .
A clear colorless physiological solution of sodium chloride ( common salt ) , potassium chloride , and calcium chloride prepared with recently boiled pure water .
A clear glassy material produced as the result of degeneration in certain tissues , particularly connective tissue and epithelial cells .
A clear viscous liquid obtained by hydrolysis of fats and mixed oils and produced as a by - product in the manufacture of soap .
A cleft or splitting , such as the splitting of the tip of a hair or the splitting open of tissues when a hernia forms .
A clinical psychologist has been trained in aspects of the assessment and treatment of the ill and handicapped .
A clinical thermometer consists of a sealed narrow - bore glass tube with a bult at one end .
A cluster of follicle cells that surround a freshly ovulated ovum .
A cobalt - containing drug administered by injection to treat conditions involving vitamin B12 deficiency , such as pernicious anaemia .
A coenzyme , derived from riboflavin , that takes part in many important oxidation - reduction reactions .
A coenzyme that acts as a hydrogen acceptor in oxidation - reduction reactions , particularly in the electron transport chain in cellular respiration .
A coenzyme that acts as an electron transfer agent into the mitochondria of the cell ( see electron transport chain ) .
A collection of cells specialized to perform a particular function .
A collection of dilated veins in the spermatic cord , more commonly affecting the left side of the scrotum than the right .
A collection of fibres seen in a cell when it is dividing .
A collection of fluid - filled sacs that develop when the membrane ( chorion ) surrounding the embryo degenerates in early pregnancy .
A collection of granules of calcium - containing material that is sometimes found within the pineal body as its calcification proceeds ( normally after the 17th year ) : " brain sand " .
A collection of grey matter , shaped like a biconvex lens , lying beneath the thalamus and close to the corpus striatum , to which it is connected by nerve tracts .
A collection of nerve cells in the medulla oblongata that receives information from sensory receptors in the circulatory system ( see baroreceptor ) and brings about reflex changes in the rate of the heart beat and in the diameter of blood vessels , so that the blood pressure can be adjusted .
A collection of nerve fibres - fine branches of the vagus nerve - within the walls of the intestine .
A collection of nerve tracts within the pyramid of the medulla oblongata , en route from the cerebral cortex to the spinal cord .
A collection of pus in the space below the diaphragm , usually on the right side , between the liver and diaphragm .
A collection of sensory nerve endings specialized to monitor changes in blood pressure .
A collection of specialized cells ( receptors ) , connected to the nervous system , that is capable of responding to a particular stimulus from either outside or inside the body .
A collection of vesicles and folded membranes in a cell , usually connected to the endoplasmic reticulum .
A collimated beam of radiation is necessary in the technique of scintigraphy , when an organ is scanned for radioactivity ( see scintigram ) .
A colloidal suspension that has set to form a jelly .
A colloquial term for a prolapsed intervertebral disc .
A coloboma of the eyelid is a congenital notch in the lid margin .
A colourless almost odourless gas that is very poisonous .
A colourless crystalline compound extracter from logwood ( Haematoxylon campechianum ) and used in various histological stains .
A colourless gas formed in the tissues during metabolism and carried in the blood to the lungs , where it is exhaled ( an increase in the concentration of this gas in the blood stimulates respiration ) .
A colourless gas used as an anaesthetic with good analgesic properties .
A colourless liquid used as a disinfectant for cleansing wounds and diluted , as a deodorant mouthwash or as ear drops for removing wax .
A colourless or faintly yellowish compound used to stain fats or as a fixative in the preparation of tissues for microscopical study .
A colourless product of the redution of the bile pigment bilirubin .
A column - shaped secretory cell found in the epithelium of the respiratory and intestinal tracts .
A combination of amyotrophy and spasticity characterizes motor neurone disease .
A combination of signs or symptoms that forms a distinct clinical picture indicative of a particular disorder .
A combination of symptoms including a slow nodding movement of the head , nystagmus ( involuntary movements of the eyes ) , and spasm of the neck muscle .
A combined vaccine against diphtheria , whooping - cough , and tetanus organisms , prepared from their toxoids and other antigens .
A combined vaccines used to produce immunity againts the diseases typhoid , paratyphoid A , and paratyphoid B .
A common benign tumour composed of well - differentiated fat cells .
A common cause of megaureter is reflux of urine from the bladder into the ureters ( see vesicoureteric reflux ) , but some of the most striking examples are found in so - called idiopathic megaureter .
A common condition in which recurrent abdominal pain with constipation and diarrhoea continues for years without any general deterioration in health .
A common condition in which the scalp is covered with small flakes of dead skin .
A common disorder that can occur with anaemia due to iron deficiency , though the cause is not known .
A common side - effect is drowsiness , and prolonged use can lead to dependence .
A common type affects the elderly , with large , sometimes bloody , blisters occurring on the trunk and limbs .
A common type of microtome is a steel knife .
A common virus infection mainly affecting children between the ages of 5 and 15 .
A commonly used laboratory test of early pregnancy is based on detection of a hormone , chorionic gonadotrophin , in the urine .
A community of cells - phagocytes - spread throughout the body .
A compact osteoma ( ivory tumour ) is usually harmless but may rarely compress surrounding structures , as within the skull .
A comparison of the outcome between two or more groups of patients that are deliberately subjected to different regimes ( usually of treatment but sometimes of a preventive measure , such as vaccination ) .
A compendium of formulae used in the preparation of medicinal drugs .
A complete denture replaces all the teeth in one jaw .
A complex cycle of enzyme - catalysed reactions , occurring within the cells of all living animal in which acetate , in the presence of oxygen , is broken down to produce energy in the form of ATP ( via the electron transport chain ) and carbon dioxide .
A complex material formed of protein and phospholipid that is laid down as a sheath around the axons of certain neurones , known as myelinated ( or medullated ) nerve fibres .
A complex molecule containing both a lipid and a polysaccharide component .
A complex nitrogen - containing ring structure and parent compound of the porphyrins .
A complex pattern of behaviour innately determined , which is characteristic of all individuals of the same species .
A complex sequence of imagination in which several imaginary elements are woven together into a story .
A complex system of nerve pathways and networks in the brain , involving several different nuclei , that is involved in the expression of instinct and mood in activities of the endocrine and motor systems of the body .
A component of a bridge that is fixed to a natural tooth .
A composite muscle , made up of the iliacus and psoas muscles , which have a common tendon .
A compound , active against bacteria and fungi , that is applied to the skin as a cream or dusting powder to treat fungal infections , such as athlete 's foot .
A compound , similar in structure to the amino acids , found only in collagen .
A compound containing uracil and the sugar ribose .
A compound consisting of a nitrogen - containing base ( a purine of pyrimidine ) linked to a sugar and a phosphate group .
A compound consisting of a nitrogen - containing base ( a purine or pyrimidine ) linked to a sugar .
A compound consisting of a protein bound to either FAD or FMN ( called flavins ) .
A compound consisting of a protein linked to haem .
A compound consisting of two amino acids joined together by a peptide bond ( e . g . glycylalanine , a combination of the amino acids glycine and alanine ) .
A compound containing adenine , ribose , and one phosphate group .
A compound containing adenine , ribose , and two phosphate groups .
A compound containing adenine and the sugar ribose .
A compound containing cytosine and the sugar ribose .
A compound containing guanine and the sugar ribose .
A compound containing iodine and therefore opaque to X - rays is taken by mouth , absorbed by the intestine , and excreted by the liver into the bile , which is concentrated in the gall bladder .
A compound containing thymine and the sugar ribose .
A compound derived from carbohydrates , that may be oxidized via a complex series of reactions in the krebs cycle to yield carbon dioxide and energy in the form of ATP .
A compound derived from the amino acid histidine .
A compound excreted in the urine as a detoxification product of indoxyl .
A compound formed by replacing the hydroxyl ( - OH ) group of a sugar by another group ( if the sugar is glucose , the compound is known as a glucoside ) .
A compound gland , about 15 cm long , that lies behind the stomach .
A compound made from aluminium oxide and aspirin .
A compound of magnesium with antacid and absorben properties , used in the treatment of peptic ulcers and other digestive disorders .
A compound that absorbs water is used as a bulk laxative to treat constipation , to control diarrhoea , and in patients with a colostomy .
A compound that contains adenine , ribose , and three phosphate groups and occurs in cells .
A compound that forms in the cells as the end - product of glucose metabolism in the absence of oxygen ( see glycolysis ) .
A compound that occurs in cells and consists of nucleic acid and protein tightly bound together .
A compound that rotates the plane to the left is described as laevorotatory ( or l - ) ; one that rotates the plane to the right is described as dextrorotatory ( or d - ) .
A compound used as a chelating agent in the treatment of poisoning with several different metals , such as lead and strontium .
A compound widely distributed in the tissues , particularly in the blood platelets , intestinal wall , and central nervous system .
A compound with antiviral activity , particularly against herpes viruses .
A compulsive tendency to walk backwards .
A condition affecting some teeth after traumatic injury , in which the root and crown are at an abnormal angle to each other .
A condition caused by the presence of the fluke Clonorchis sinensis in the bile ducts .
A condition caused by the presence of the parasitic fluke Opisthorchis in the bile ducts .
A condition characterized by paroxysmal attacks of bronchospasm , causing difficulty in breathing .
A condition due to faulty ossification of cartilage , resulting in development of many benign cartilaginous tumours .
A condition following an infection with yaws in which the nasal processes of the upper jaw bone thicken ( see hyperostosis ) to form two large bony swellings , about 7cm in diameter , on either side of the nose .
A condition in which a nonpregnant woman exhibits symptoms of pregnancy , e . g . enlarged abdomen , increased weight , morning sickness , and absence of menstruation .
A condition in which a patient complains of symptoms for which no physical cause can be found .
A condition in which a segment of the small intestine ( e . g . jejunal diverticulum ) is out of continuity with the rest of the intestine or in which progress of contents through the small intestine is delayed by an obstruction ( such as a stricture or Crohn 's disease ) that allows an overgrowth of bacteria , causing malabsorption and the passing of fatty stools ( see steatorrhoea ) .
A condition in which all the symptoms of pseudohypoparathyroidism are present but the patient 's response to parathyroid hormone is normal .
A condition in which areas of skin lose their pigment and become white .
A condition in which bowel evacuation occur infrequently , or in which the faeces are hard and small , or where passage of faeces causes difficulty or pain .
A condition in which brain function is impaired by the presence of toxic substances , absorbed from the colon , which are normally removed or detoxified by the liver .
A condition in which condition of the electrical impulses generated by the natural pacemaker of the heart ( the sinoatrial node ) is impaired so that the pumping action of the heart is slowed down .
A condition in which diverticula exist in a segment of the intestine without evidence of inflammation ( compare diverticulitis ) .
A condition in which everything looks bluish .
A condition in which less hair develops than normal .
A condition in which loops of intestine ( especially transverse colon ) are in a low anatomical position .
A condition in which loss of vision occurs because of an abnormally high pressure in the eye .
A condition in which many papillomas grow on an area of skin or mucous membrane .
A condition in which numerous polyps form in an organ or tissue .
A condition in which objects appear distorted .
A condition in which objects appear larger than they really are .
A condition in which objects appear smaller than they really are .
A condition in which one jaw is unusually small .
A condition in which pairs of homologous chromosomes fail to separate during meiosis or a chromosome fails to divide at anaphase of mitosis or meiosis .
A condition in which pulmonary hypertension is associated with a septal defect , so that blood flows from the right to the left side of the heart or from the pulmonary artery to the aorta .
A condition in which segments of the alimentary tract become inflamed , thickened , and ulcerated .
A condition in which some or all of the lower teeth close outside the upper teeth when the mandible is as far back as it will go .
A condition in which sudden rapid destruction of red blood cells ( see haemolysis ) causes acute renal failure due partly to obstruction of small arteries in the kidneys .
A condition in which the acidity of body fluids and tissues is abnormally high .
A condition in which the action of swallowing is either difficult to perform , painful ( see odynophagia ) , or in which swallowed material seems to be held up in its passage to the stomach .
A condition in which the alkalinity of body fluids and tissues is abnormally high .
A condition in which the amount of amniotic fluid bathing a fetus during pregnancy is abnormally small .
A condition in which the arterial blood pressure is abnormally low .
A condition in which the blood changes from a liquid to a solid state and produces a blood clot ( thrombus ) .
A condition in which the bowel lining ( mucosa ) is covered by elevated or protuberant plaques ( pseudopolyps ) that are not true polyps but abnormal growth of inflamed mucosa .
A condition in which the cells of an individual do not all contain identical chromosomes .
A condition in which the central part of the front surface of the lens of the eye ( or sometimes , the back ) has a much steeper curvature than normal and forwards in a blunted cone .
A condition in which the eye is abnormarlly sunken into the socket .
A condition in which the eyelashes rub against the eyeball , producing discomfort and sometimes ulceration of the cornea .
A condition in which the eyelid adheres to the eyeball .
A condition in which the hairs break easily .
A condition in which the heart beats can be subdivided into groups of three .
A condition in which the heart no longer beats , accompanied by the absence of complexes in the electro - cardiogram .
A condition in which the image of an object differs markedly in size or shape in each eye .
A condition in which the liver responds to injury or death of some of its cells by producing interlacing strands of fibrous tissue between which are nodules of regenerating cells .
A condition in which the normal muscular activity of the oesophagus is disturbed , which delays the passage of swallowed material .
A condition in which the patient complains of a dry mouth , caused by wasting of the salivary glands .
A condition in which the patient has painful temporomadibular joints , tenderness in the muscles that move the jaw , clicking of the joints , and limitation of jaw movement .
A condition in which the pulse is felt as a double beat for each contraction of the heart .
A condition in which the pumping action of the ventricle of the heart is inadequate .
A condition in which the sense of smell is exceptionally weak .
A condition in which the sense of taste is abnormally weak .
A condition in which the sense of tough is diminished , uncommonly this may be extended to include other forms of sensation .
A condition in which the skin atrophies and becomes pigmented , giving it a mottled appearance .
A condition in which the skin becomes sensitized to a substance ( certain antiseptics used in soaps may be a trigger ) but only those parts of the skin subsequently exposed to light react by developing dermatitis .
A condition in which the small intestine fails to digest and absorb food .
A condition in which the stomach hangs low in the abdomen .
A condition in which the teeth are unusually large .
A condition in which the teethes are unusually small .
A condition in which the tissues of the body receive inadequate amounts of oxygen .
A condition in which there are diverticula ( see diverticulum ) in the colon associated with lower abdominal pain and disturbed bowel habit .
A condition in which there is an abnormally low concentration of carbon dioxide in the blood .
A condition in which there is great loss of protein in the urine , reduced levels of albumin in the blood , and generalized swelling of the tissues due to oedema .
A condition in which there is less than the normal concentration of oxygen in the blood .
A condition in which there is one chromosome missing from the normal set .
A condition in which there is one extra chromosome present in each cell in addition to the normal ( diploid ) chromosome set .
A condition in which there is raised blood pressure within the blood vessels supplying the lungs ( the pulmonary artery blood pressure is normally much lower than the pressure within the aorta and its branches ) .
A condition in which thirst is diminished or absent .
A condition in which thrombosis is associated with inflammation of a vein wall ( see phlebitis ) .
A condition in which two people who are closely involved with each other share a system of delusions .
A condition of abnormally high blood acidity .
A condition of abnormally low weight , weakness , and general bodily decline associated with chronic disease .
A condition of being unaware of one 's surroundings , as in sleep , or of being unresponsive to stimulation .
A condition of disturbed consciousness in which the individual can still carry out some normal activities but is impaired in his awareness and has no memory of what he has done .
A condition of exhaustion caused by lack of nutrients in the blood .
A condition of marked anxiety about the condition of one 's heart and circulatory system .
A condition of near unconsciousness , with apparent mental inactivity and reduced ability to respond to stimulation .
A condition of nervousness , irritability , emotional disturbance , headache , and depression affecting some women for up to about ten days before menstruation .
A condition of severe and multiple tics , including vocal tics and involuntary obscene speech ( coprolalia ) .
A condition of unknown cause in which the arteries of the fingers are unduly reactive and enter spasm ( angiospasm or vasospasm ) when the hands are cold .
A condition produced by residence in an unstimulating impersonal institution ( such as some mental hospitals and orphanages ) .
A condition resulting from an infestation of the small intestine by hookworms .
A condition resulting from the presence in the liver , lungs , or brain of the hydatid cysts .
A condition that affects women at an advanced stage of pregnancy and is marked by high blood pressure , swelling of the ankles , and the presence of protein in the urine .
A condition that is closely related to multiple sclerosis .
A condition that may develop weeks or months after surgery to the heart and the membrane surrounding it ( pericardium ) and is characterized by fever and pericarditis .
A condition that may effect women after chilbirth in which there is clotting and inflammation in a vein in the leg .
A condition that occurs following bone marrow transplantation , in which lymphocytes from the grafted marrow reject the host tissues .
A condition that resembles retrobulbar neuritis but is not due to inflammation .
A congenital abnormality in which bones become abnormally dense and brittle and tend to fracture .
A congenital abnormality in which the external genitalia of a male or a female resemble those of the opposite sex .
A congenital abnormality in which the opening of the urethra is on the dorsal surface of the penis .
A congenital abnormality in which the opening of the urethra is on the underside of the penis : either on the glans penis ( glandular hypospadias ) , at the junction of the glans with the shaft ( coronal hypospadias ) or on their shaft itself ( penile hypospadias ) .
A congenital abnormality in which the pancreas develops in two parts draining separately into the duodenum , the small ventral pancreas through the main ampulla and the larger dorsal pancreas through an accessory papilla .
A congenital abnormality in which the pulmonary veins enter the right atrium or vena cava instead of draining normally into the left atrium .
A congenital abnormality in which there are only four digits on a hand or foot .
A congenital abnormality in which there are only three digits on a hand or foot .
A congenital abnormality of the heart in which the aorta arises from the right ventricle and the pulmonary artery from the left ventricle .
A congenital abnormality resulting in more than two testes .
A congenital condition , usually present at birth , in which the skin is dry , rough , and scaly because of a defect in keratinization .
A congenital condition in which the brain is not fully developed .
A congenital condition in which the rectum and sometimes part of the lower colon have failed to develop a normal nerve network .
A congenital defect in which all the fingers are the same length .
A congenital defect in which the position of the heart is a mirror image of its normal position , with the apex of the ventricles pointing to the right .
A congenital defect of bone formation in which the skull bones ossify imperfectly and the collar bones ( clavicles ) are absent .
A congenital deficiency of the eyelashes and eyebrows , which are sometimes absent altogether .
A congenital disease , typified by numerous benign tumours growing from the fibrous covering of nerves ( see neurofibroma ) .
A congenital disorder in which the bones are usually brittle and fragile .
A congenital disorder in which the brain , skin , and other organs are studded with small plaques or tumours .
A congenital disorder in which there is distortion of the base of the skull with protrusion of the lower brainstem and parts of the cerebellum through the opening for the spinal cord at the base of the skull .
A congenital disorder of the eye in which the whole cornea bulges forward in a regular curve .
A congenital excess of nipples ( see pleomastia ) .
A connection between the mouth and the maxillary sinus as a sequel to tooth extraction .
A constricted or narrowed part of an organ or tissue , such as the band of thyroid tissue connecting the two lobes of the thyroid gland .
A contraceptive method in which sexual intercourse is restricted to the safe period at the beginning and end of the menstrual cycle .
A contraceptive method in which the penis is removed from the vagina before ejaculation of semen ( orgasm ) .
A contrast medium ( either air or a liquid opaque to X - rays ) is injected into the joint space , allowing its outline and contents to be traced accurately .
A contrast stain is used to give colour to parts of a tissue not affected by a previously applied stain .
A controlled direct - current shock , synchromed with the R wave of the electrocardiograph , is given through electrodes placed on the chest wall of the anaesthezed patient .
A convoluted system of cavities and ducts comprising the organs of hearing and balance .
A convulsion is produced by passing an electric current through the brain .
A copious discharge of mucus , particularly from the urethra .
A copper - containing protein present in blood plasma .
A corn may be treated by soaking in hot water or applying softening agents .
A corn often forms over the deformity , which may be painful .
A cornea that is abnormally curved ( for example in keratoconus ) or scarred reflects distorted rings .
A corticosteroid drug that reduces inflammation and is applied externally in the treatment of various skin disorders .
A corticosteroid drug used principally to treat severe allergies , skin and eye diseases , rheumatic and other inflammatory conditions , and hormone and blood disorders .
A cough produced by irritating the larynx .
A courtesy title given to a qualified medical practitioner , ie . one who has been registered by the General Medical Council ( GMC ) .
A covering or layer of an organ or part ; for example , a layer of the wall of a blood vessel ( see adventitia , intima , media ) .
A crackling sound or grating feeling produced by bone rubbing on bone or roughened cartilage , detected on movement of an arthritic joint .
A criss - cross appearance results , containing lozenge - shaped flattopped shiny areas .
A crushing force is usually responsible and there is often extensive injury to surrounding soft tissues .
A crystalline substance obtained from the tree Cinnamomum camphora that has been used to treat flatulence .
A cup - shaped part , especially any of the divisions of the pelvis of the kidney .
A cupping glass : a bellshaped glass from which the air can be removed , used for drawing blood to the surface of the skin .
A curved , slightly twisted , strip of bone forming part of the skeketon of the thorax , which protects the heart and lungs .
A curved band of cortex lying within each cerebral hemisphere , in evolutionary terms one of the brain 's most primitive parts .
A curved bundle of nerve fibres in each cerebral hemisphere , nearly encircling its connection with the corpus callosum .
A curved chisel used in orthopaedic operations to cut and remove bone .
A curved infolded sheet of dura mater that dips inwards from the skull and separates the cerebellum below from the occipital lobes of the cerebral hemispheres above .
A curved instrument used to assist the delivery of an infant .
A curved metal , plastic , or rubber tube is usually inserted through the hole and held in position by tapes tied round the neck .
A curved triangular element of the backbone consisting of five fused vertebrae ( sacral vertebrae ) .
A custom in some tribes whereby a father takes to his bed during or after the birth of his child .
A cutting drill that fits in a dentist 's hand piece .
A cyanide - containing compound extracted from peach stones .
A cylindrical structure in the blood formed from several red blood cells piled one upon the other and adhering by their rims .
A cyst arising in an oil - secreting ( sebaceous ) gland of the skin .
A cyst containing hair , hair follicles , and sebaceous glands , usually found at sites marking the fusion of developing sections of the body in the embryo .
A cyst containing watery liquid or mucus formed in the vagina .
A cyst found under the tongue , formed when the duct leading from a salivary or mucous gland is obstructed and distended .
A cyst that arises at the site of one the embryonic pharyngeal pouches due to a developmental anomaly .
A cystic swelling in the scrotum , containing urine that has escaped from the urethra .
A cystic swelling in the scrotum containing sperm .
A cystic swelling of the wall of the ureter at the point where it passes into the bladder .
A cytotoxic drug , produced by Streptomyces bacteria , that inhibits the growth of cancer cells .
A cytotoxic drug derived from an extract of the mandrake plant .
A cytotoxic drug that is given by intravascular injection mainly in the treatment of cancers of the lymphatic system , such as Hodgkin 's disease .
A cytotoxic drug undergoing evaluation in the treatment of malignant disease .
A cytotoxic drug used in the treatment of malignant disease , particularly sarcomas , testicular tumours , and lymphomas .
A cytotoxic drug used in the treatment of various forms of cancer , particularly chronic lymphatic leukaemia .
A cytotoxic drug used to suppress the symptoms of some types of leukaemia .
A cytotoxic drug with similarities to vinblastine and vincritine .
A cytotoxic drug with uses and side - effects similar to those of vinblastine .
A damaged , swollen , and deformed joint , often the knee , resulting from repeated minor injuries of which the patient is unaware because the nerves that normally register pain are not functioning .
A dark - brown to black pigment occurring in the hair , the skin , and in the iris and choroid layer of the eyes .
A dark - red or reddish - brown pigment that becomes blue in acidic conditions .
A dark brown ring indicates the presence of an abnormally high level of potassium indoxyl sulphate in the urine ( see indicanuria ) .
A decrease in breathing rate which indicates that the body is attempting to compensate for metabolic disturbances due to disease in nonrespiratory organs by retaining acid in the form of carbon dioxyde .
A decrease in the diameter of blood vessels , especially arteries .
A decrease in the number of eosinophils in the blood .
A decrease in the number of lymphocytes in the blood , which may occur in cytes in the blood , which may occur in a wide variety of diseases .
A decrease in the number of neutrophils in the blood .
A decrease in the numbers of red cells , white cells , and platelets in the blood resulting from destruction or pooling of these cells by an enlarged spleen .
A decrease in the proportion of red blood cells relative to the plasma , brought about by an increase in the total volume of plasma .
A decrease in the proportion of water , and therefore plasma , in the blood .
A decrease in the quantity of protein in the blood .
A decrease in the volume of circulating blood .
A deeply ingrained and maladjusted pattern of behaviour , persisting through many years .
A defect in colour vision in which affected persons are insensitive to red light and confuse reds , yellows , and greens .
A defect in colour vision in which reds , yellows , and greens are confused .
A defect in the development of the eye causing abnormalities ranging in severity from a notch in the lower part of the iris , making it pear - shaped , to defects in the lower part of the retina and choroid ( the inner layers of the eyeball ) .
A defect in the specialized conducting tissue of the heart ( see arrhythmia ) that is recognized as an electrocardiographic abnormality .
A defect of vision in which the image of an object is distorted , usually in either the vertical or the horizontal axis , because not all the light from it comes to a focus on the retina .
A deficiency ( or excess ) of one or more minerals , vitamins , or other essential ingredients may arise from malabsorption of digested food or metabolic malfunction of one or more parts of the body as well as from an unbalanced diet .
A deficiency causes stunted growth , night blindness , xerophthalmia , xerophthalmia , keratomalacia , and eventual blindness .
A deficiency of a vitamin caused either through lack of the vitamin in the diet or from an inability to absorb or utilize it .
A deficiency of articulation of speech , such as stammering .
A deficiency of calcium in the blood may lead to tetany .
A deficiency of folic acid results in the condition of megaloblastic anaemia .
A deficiency of glucose in the bloodstream , causing muscular weakness and in coordination , mental confusion , and sweating .
A deficiency of insulin due either to inadequate secretion of the hormone by the pancreas or to inadequate treatment of diabetes mellitus .
A deficiency of one or more of the various types of blood cells .
A deficiency of riboflavin causes a condition known as ariboflavinosis , which is not usually serious .
A deficiency of the clotting factor fibrinogen in the blood , which results in an increased tendency to bleed .
A deficiency of the eyelashes alone , caused by chronic ulcerative blepharitis .
A deficiency of the protein gamma globulin in the blood .
A deficiency of the vitamin leads to pellagra .
A deficiency of vitamin B1 leads to beriberi .
A deficiency of vitamin B12 affects nearly all the body tissues , particularly those containing rapidly dividing cells .
A deficiency of vitamin C leads to scurvy .
