A deficiency of vitamin D , either from a poor diet or lack of sunlight , leads to decalcified bones and the development of rickets and osteomalacia .
A deficiency or abnormal absence of acid in the body fluids .
A deficienncy of iron may lead to anaemia .
A definitive host is one in which the parasite develops to its sexual stage .
A deformity of a toe , most often the second , caused by fixed flexion of the first joint .
A deformity of one of both feet in which the patient cannot stand with the sole of the foot flat on the ground .
A deformity of the bones of the skull giving the head a pointed appearance .
A deformity of the skull in which the vault of the skull is sharply angled just in front of the ears , giving the skull a triangular shape .
A degenerative change in the conjunctiva of the eye , seen most commonly in the elderly and in those who live in hot dry climates .
A degree of mental illness such that the affected individual is not responsible for his actions or is not capable of entering into a legal contract .
A delayed reaction may take 24 to 72 hours to develop .
A delicate membrane , formed of flat endothelial cells , that lines the heart and is continuous with the lining of arteries and veins .
A delusion of having been transformed into a windigo , a mythical monster that eat human flesh .
A delusion that the individual is loved by some person , often a person of importance .
A denervated area of skin loses all forms of sensation and its subsequent ability to heal and renew its tissues is impaired .
A dense connective tissue composed of a matrix produced by cells called chondroblasts , which become embedded in the matrix as chondrocytes .
A dense fibrous plaque in the penis , which can be felt in the erectile tissue as an irregular hard lump .
A dense spherical structure within the cell nucleus that disappears during cell division .
A dental hygienist performs scaling and instruction in oral hygiene under the supervision of the dentists .
A dental restoration that covers most or all of the natural crown .
A dental surgery assistant helps the dentist by preparing materials , passing instruments , and aspirating the mouth .
A dental technician constructs dentures , crows , and orthodontic appliances in the laboratory for the dentist .
A dental therapist performs treatment on children under the direction of a dentist in the community dental services and in hospital .
A dental X - ray film that provides a view of the crowns of the teeth in part of both upper and lower jaws .
A department of central government that supports the Secretary of State for Health and Social Services in meeting his obligations , which include the National Health Service and the prevention and control of infectious disease .
A department within a hospital or blood transfusion centre in which blood collected from donors is stored prior to transfusion .
A depression in the body of the sphenoid bone that encloses the pituitary gland .
A depression on both sides of the chest wall of a child between the pectoral muscles and the lower margin of the ribcage .
A depression on the surface of the womb that may be detected during labour by applying the hand to the lower part of the abdomen .
A derivative of benzylpenicillin , it can be administered by mouth but is usually given as an intramuscular injection , from which it liberates benzylpenicillin slowly .
A derivative of ergotamine used to prevent and relieve migraine attacks .
A derivative of folic acid involved in purine synthesis .
A derivative of histamine used to test for acid secretion in the stomach in conditions involving abnormal gastric secretion , such as Zollinger - Ellison syndrome .
A derivative of marijuana that has antiemetic activity and also produces euphoria .
A derivative of riboflavin ( vitamin B2 ) that is the immediate precursor of FAD and functions as a coenzyme in various oxidation - reduction reactions .
A derivative of the amino acid tryptophan , excreted in the urine and faeces .
A derivative of the animo acid tryptophan , excreted in the urine and faeces .
A derivative of vitamin B6 that is an important coenzyme in certain reactions of amino - acid metabolism .
A detergent disinfectant , used for cleansing skin surfaces and wounds , sterilizing surgical instruments and babies ' napkins , and in shampoos .
A detergent disinfectant , used for the disinfection of skin , wounds , and burns and as a mouthwash .
A detergent disinfectant with use similar to those of cetrimide .
A determination of the proportions of the different kinds of white cells ( leucocytes ) present in a sample of blood .
A development abnormality of the brain resulting in weakness and in coordination of the limbs .
A development of diagnostic radiology for the examination of the soft tissues of the body .
A developmental abnormality in which changes occur in bony tissue , resulting in aching and a tendency to pathological fracture .
A developmental abnormality in which the legs appear to be fused .
A developmental abnormality in which there is fusion of the legs with absence of the feet .
A developmental defect in which an air sac communicates with the larynx .
A developmental defect in which the newborn baby has part of the spinal cord and its coverings exposed through a gap in the backbone .
A developmental disorder of the brain in which the folds ( convolutions ) in its surface are small and its surface layer ( cortex ) is structurally abnormal .
A developmental disorder selectively affecting a child 's ability to learn to read and write .
A device for applying pressure to a hernia to prevent it from protruding .
A device for fracturing bone for therapeutic purposes .
A device for maintaining a specific low temperature .
A device for measuring pressure in a gas .
A device for measuring the shape of the chest and its movements during breathing .
A device for obtaining accurate measurements of length , to 1 / 10th 1 / 100th or smaller fractions of a unit .
A device for providing a narrow beam of light , used in conjunction with a special microscope .
A device for recording the force of a muscular contraction .
A device for separating components of different densities in a liquid , using centrifugal force .
A device for showing the heart beat or pulse as a visible signal , especially a continuous wave signal on a cathode ray tube .
A device for sucking fluid out of a cavity .
A device inserted into the ventricles of the brain to enable the repeated injection of drugs into the cerebrospinal fluid .
A device that enables severely paralyzed patients to use typewriters , adding machines , telephones , and a wide variety of other machines .
A device that produces a very thin beam of light in which high energies are concentrated .
A device to measure and record the fluorescent flashes in a scintillator exposed to high energy radiation , as in a scintillascope .
A device to press upon an artery and prevent flow of blood through it , usually a cord , rubber tube , or tight bandage tightened around a limb .
A device to record the heart beat or pulse in the form of amplified sound waves played through a loudspeaker or earphones .
A device used to accelerate a stream of electrons ( beta particles ) into a beam of radiation that can be used in radiotherapy .
A device used to maintain the breathing movements of paralysed patients .
A device used to produce and maintain a normal heart rate in patients who have heart block .
A diagnostic test for the venereal disease lymphogranuloma venereum .
A diagram showing the distribution of the radioactive tracer in a part of the body , produced by recording the flashes of light given off by a scintillator as it is struck by radiation of different intensities .
A diaphragmatic hernia is the protrusion of an abdominal organ through the diaphragm into the chest cavity .
A diet rich in animal fats ( see cholesterol ) and refined sugar , cigarette smoking , obesity , and inactivity are the principal causes .
A diet that promotes the formation of ketone bodies in the tissues .
A diet that purports to treat many illnesses by the elimination of artificial food colourings , preservatives , and salicylates from the diet .
A dietary deficiency does not often occur as the vitamin is synthesized by bacteria in the large intestine and is widely distributed is green intestine and in widely distributed is green leaf vegetables and meat .
A difference in size or shape between the arms or the legs .
A differential stain allows different elements in a specimen to be distinguished by staining them in different colours .
A diffuse chronic variety produces swelling and reddening of the affected areas , followed by atrophy .
A digestive enzyme ( e . g . pepsin ) that splits a whole protein into small peptide fractions by splitting the linkages between peptides in the interior of the molecule .
A digestive enzyme that causes the breakdown of protein .
A dilatation at the lower end of the thoracic duct , into which the great lymph ducts of the lower limbs drain .
A dilatation of the central canal of the spinal cord ( which is a continuation of the ventricular system of the brain ) .
A dilute solution is used to detect defects in the surface of the cornea , since it stains areas where the epithelium is not intact .
A dimension of personality derived from psychometric tests , which appears to indicate a degree of emotional coldness and some cognitive impairment .
A dimension of personality derived from questionnaires and psychological tests .
A diminished intensity of emotional response .
A dimpled appearance of the skin over a breast tumour , resembling the surface of an orange .
A direct communication between an artery and vein , without an intervening capillary bed .
A disability in which one leg becomes permanently crossed over the other as a result of spasticity of its adductor muscles .
A disabling sensation in which the effected individual feels that either he himself or his surroundings are in a state of constant movement .
A disappearance of a rash in those diseases in which a rash is a characteristic part of the illness .
A disc - shaped structure , 1 - 2 mm in diameter , present in the blood .
A discharge of purulent mucus from the penis or vagina resulting from chronic gonorrhoea .
A discoloured area or spot on the skin , often caused by local congestion of the circulation .
A discrete population or mass of microorganisms , usually bacteria , all of which are considered to have developed from a single parent cell .
A disease , characterized by muscular weakness and paralysis , found among people whose staple diet consists mostly of large quantities of Lathyrus sativus , a kind of chick pea , and vetches and pulses related it .
A disease , common in children throughout the world , caused by the parasitic nematode Enterobius vermicularis ( see pinworm ) in the large intestine .
A disease , common in the Far East , caused by the fluke Fasciolopsis buski in the small intestine .
A disease , common in the tropics and subtropics , caused by parasitic protozoans of the genus Leishmania , which are transmitted by the bite of sandflies .
A disease , common in the tropics and subtropics , caused by the presence in the lymph vessels of the parasitic nematode worms Wuchereria bancrofti and Brugia malayi ( see filaria ) .
A disease , contracted from the bite of a rat , due to infection by either the bacterium Spirillum minus , which causes ulceration of the skin and recurrent fever , or by the fungus Streptobacillus moniliformis , which causes inflammation of the skin , muscular pains , and vomiting .
A disease , occurring in Africa and Asia , caused by an arbovirus and transmitted to man by mosquitoes of the genus Aedes .
A disease , occurring in West and Central Africa , caused by the eye worm Loa .
A disease , structure , or species named after a particular person , usually the person who first discovered or described it .
A disease , widely distributed in SE Asia , caused by the parasitic microorganism Rickettsia tsutsugamushi and transmitted to man through the bite of mites .
A disease affecting mainly children and young adults that arises as a delayed complication of infection of the upper respiratory tract with haemolytic streptococci ( see Streptococcus ) .
A disease affecting the inner ear in which deafness is associated with buzzing in the ears ( tinnitus ) and vertigo .
A disease caused by a fungus of the genus Mucor , affecting the external ear , skin and respiratory passages .
A disease caused by an infestation with the parasitic worm Ascaris Lumbricoides .
A disease caused by bacteria of the genus Nocardia , primarily affecting the lungs , skin , and brain , resulting in the formation of abscesses .
A disease caused by parasitic fungi of the genera Rhizopus , Absidia , and Mucor .
A disease caused by the migration of certain tapeworm larvae ( see Sparganum ) in the tissues beneath the skin , between the muscles , and occasionally in the viscera and brain .
A disease caused by the parasitic protozoan Giardia lamblia in the small intestine .
A disease caused by the presence of tapeworm larvae ( see cysticercus ) of the species Taenia soleum in any of the body tissues .
A disease caused by the protozoan parasite Trypanosoma cruzi .
A disease in which a defect in uric metabolism causes an excess of the acid and its salts ( urates ) to accumulate in the bloodstream and the joints .
A disease in which the number of red cells in the blood is greatly increased ( see also polycythaemia ) .
A disease in which there is an abnormal proliferation of the cells that produce blood platelets ( megakaryocytes ) , leading to an increased number of platelets in the blood .
A disease of children in which the bones do not harden and are malformed due to a deficiency of vitamin D .
A disease of cold and temperate regions caused by larvae of the nematode worm Trichinella spiralis .
A disease of joint cartilage , associated with secondary changes in the underlying bone , which may ultimately cause pain and impair the function of the affected joint ( usually the hip , knee , and thumb joints ) .
A disease of mammals and birds due to the protozoan Toxoplasma gondii , which is transmitted to man via undercooked meat , contaminated soil , or by direct contact .
A disease of men involving diarrhea , inflammation of the urethra ( see urethritis ) and conjunctiva ( see conjunctivitis ) , and arthritis .
A disease of mice caused by the microorganism Rickettsia akari and transmitted to man by mites .
A disease of rodents and other small mammals in the USA caused by the microorganism Rickettsia rickettsii and transmitted to man by ticks .
A disease of rodents and rabbits , caused by the bacterium Pasteurella tularense , that is transmitted to man by deer flies ( see Chrysops ) , by direct contact with infected animals , by contamination of wounds , or by drinking contaminated water .
A disease of the arteries in which fatty plaques develop on their inner walls , with eventual obstruction of blood flow .
A disease of the kidneys resulting in the syndrome of acute nephritis : the passage of blood in the urine and occasionally fluid retention and swelling ( see oedema ) .
A disease of the peripheral nerves in which there is numbness and weakness in the limbs .
A disease of the peripheral nerves showing the pathological changes of inflammation .
A disease of the skin and mucous membranes caused by the parasitic protozoan Leishmania braziliensis ( see leishmaniasis ) .
A disease of the spinal cord in which longitudinal cavities from within the cord in the cervical region .
A disease of tropical Africa caused by the presence in the blood of the parasitic protozoans Trypanosoma gambiense or T . rhodesiense .
A disease of unknown cause in which there is patchy inflammation of the walls of the arteries .
A disease of wild rodents caused by the bacterium Pseudomonas pseudomallei .
A disease of young women in which tender nodules develop under the skin in the calves .
A disease or condition arising during the course of or as a consequence of another disease .
A disease predominantly affecting the nasal passages , lungs , and kidneys , charaterized by granuloma formation in addition to arteritis .
A disease process selectively damaging the myelin sheaths in the central or peripheral nervous system .
A disease that affects only members of the Fore tribe of New Guinea .
A disease that is caused by a deficiency of vitamin C ( ascorbic acid ) .
A disease that is transmissible from an animal to man , or vice versa , under natural conditions .
A disease that is variety of reticulosis usually confined to the skin .
A disease that must be reported to the health authorities in order that speedy control and preventive action may be undertaken if necessary .
A disease with features in common with systemic lupus erythematosus , polymyositis , and scleroderma .
A disinfectant similar to phenol , formerly used in soaps and creams to treat skin disorder .
A disorder , present at birth , in which the child 's muscles are weak and floppy .
A disorder associated with changes in the structure of an organ or tissue .
A disorder caused by excessive deposition of iron , which in turn results from excessive intake or administration of iron , usually in the form of blood transfusions .
A disorder in the body 's production of the pigment melanin .
A disorder in which enlargement and overactivity of the spleen occurs as a result of increased pressure within the splenic vein .
A disorder in which the body becomes hypersensitive to particular antigens ( called allergens ) , which provoke characteristic symptoms whenever they are subsequently encountered , whether inhaled , ingested , injected , or otherwise contacted .
A disorder in which there is a severe acute deficiency of certain blood cells ( neutrophils ) as a result of damage to the bone marrow by toxic drugs or chemicals .
A disorder of an organ or tissue , usually muscle , due to impaired nourishment of the affected part .
A disorder of articulation in which the syllables are inappropriately separated and equally stressed .
A disorder of carbohydrate metabolism in which sugars in the body are not oxidized to produce energy due to lack of the pancreatic hormone insulin .
A disorder of communication within a family in which a superficial pretence of closeness and reciprocal understanding belies a lack of real feeling .
A disorder of language affecting the generation of speech and its understanding and not simply a disorder of articulation ( see dyslalia ) .
A disorder of language in which unintended syllables , words , or phrases are interpolated in the patient 's speech .
A disorder of memory in which new information is not learned but old material is well remembered .
A disorder of middle - aged and elderly people characterized by tremor , rigidity and a poverty of spontaneous movements .
A disorder of one or more of the functions of the mind ( such as emotion , perception , memory , or thought ) , which causes suffering to the patient or others .
A disorder of posture in which a patient 's limbs offer a continuous mild resistance to being moved passively by the examiner and remain for long periods in the position into which the examiner has moved them .
A disorder of relationships within a family , in which one parent is overpowering and the other is submissive and there is a general avoidance of anxiety provoking situations .
A disorder of relationships within a family , in which parents quarrel and children are made to take sides .
A disorder of speech in which a word spoken by the individual is rapidly and involuntarily repeated .
A disorder of the body 's defence mechanisms in which antibodies ( autoantibodies ) are produced against certain components or products of its own tissues , treating them as foreign material and attacking them .
A disorder of the brain whereby the patient cannot interpret sensations correctly although the sense organs and nerves conducting sensation to the brain are functioning normally .
A disorder of the eyes , common to several diseases of the central nervous system , in which the pupillary light reflex is absent .
A disorder of the hypothalamus ( part of the brain ) affecting males .
A disorder of the muscle fibres that results in abnormally prolonged contractions .
A disorder of the nose in which the bones forming the sides of the nasal cavity becomes atrophied , with the production of an offensive discharge and crusts .
A disorder of the proximal kidney tubules , which may be inherited or acquired and is most common in children .
A disorder of the sense of smell in which scents that are inoffensive to most people are objectionable to the sufferer or in which a bad smell seems to be perpetually present .
A disorder of thought , in which the normal association of ideas in disrupted so that thought and speech become fragmentary .
A disorder of thought in which thinking and speech proceed slowly and with many unnecessary trivial details .
A disorder of writing , involving the omission or transposition of letters or of whole words .
A disorder that is identical in its effects to haemophilia , but is due to a deficiency of a different blood coagulation factor , the Christmas factor ( Factor IX ) .
A disorder with a specific cause and recognizable signs and symptoms , any bodily abnormality or failure to function properly , except that resulting directly from physical injury ( the latter , however , may open the way for disease ) .
A disordered pattern of family relationships in which one family member gives contradictory instructions to another ( as when a mother asks her child verbally for affection but simultaneously , by her gestures , indicates that the child should remain distant ) .
A dispensary is often part of an out - patient department in a hospital .
A dissecting aneurysm may rupture or it may compress the blood vessels arising from the aorta and produce infarction ( localized necrosis ) in the organs they supply .
A dissecting aneurysm usually affects the first part of the aorta results from a degenerative condition of its muscular coat .
A distensible saclike organ that forms part of the alimentary canal between the oesophagus ( gullet ) and the duodenum ( see illustration ) .
A distorted memory , such as confabulation or déjà vu .
A disturbance of normal heart rhythm that - like fibrillation - may affect the atria or ventricles .
A diuretic administered by injection to supplement other diuretics in the treatment of fluid retention ( oedema ) , to treat some kidney disorders and to relieve pressure in brain injuries .
A diuretic that also reduces the acidity of body fluids .
A diuretic that causes the increased excretion of sodium and chloride .
A diuretic that is given by mouth and produces an effect within two hours .
A diuretic used in the treatment of conditions involving fluid retention , such as congestive heart failure , oedema , hypertension , and obesity .
A diuretic used in the treatment of glaucoma to reduce the pressure inside the eyeball .
A diuretic used to reduce pressure within the eye in the treatment of glaucoma .
A diuretic used to treat fluid retention ( oedema ) , high blood pressure ( hypertension ) , and heart failure .
A diuretic used to treat fluid retention ( oedema ) , such as that associated with heart failure and kidney and liver disorders .
A diuretic used to treat fluid retention ( oedema ) and high blood pressure ( hypertension ) .
A diuretic used to treat fluid retention ( oedema ) and high blood pressure .
A diuretic used to treat fluid retention ( oedema ) and high blood pressure .
A diuretic used to treat fluid retention ( oedema ) and high blood pressure .
A diuretic used to treat fluid retention ( oedema ) associated with heart , liver , or kidney disease and also high blood pressure .
A diuretic with prolonged action , used to treat fluid retention ( oedema ) and high blood pressure .
A device to record the amount of radiation received by workers with X - ray or other radiation , usually consisting of a small piece of photographic film in a holder attached to the clothing .
A device , usually a tube or wick , used to draw fluid from an internal body cavity to the surface .
A doctor specialized in the interpretation of X - ray photographs for the diagnosis of disorders .
A doctor who is the main agent of primary medical care , through whom patients make first contact with health services for a new episode of illness or fresh developments of chronic diseases .
A doctor who specializes in the diagnosis and treatment of eye diseases .
A doctor who stands in temporarily for a colleague who is absent or ill and looks after the patients in his practice .
A doctor 's diagnosis of the main cause of death and any contributory causes of death , and his signature are registered in Great Britain at Somerset House .
A dormant stage produced during the life cycle of certain protozoan parasites of the alimentary canal , including Giardia and Entamoeba .
A dose of the amino acid histidine , which requires the presence of folic acid or vitamin B12 for its complete breakdown , is given by mouth .
A double - bodied fetal monster with a single head .
A double - cuffed tube that is inserted in the eardrum to allow drainage of fluid from the middle ear in secretary otitis media ( glue ear ) .
A double layer of peritoneum attached to the stomach and linking it with other abdominal organs , such as the liver , spleen , and intestine .
A double layer of peritoneum attaching the stomach , small intestine , pancreas , spleen , and other abdominal organs to the posterior wall of the abdomen .
A drain is sometimes inserted during an operation to ensure that any fluid formed immediately passes to the surface , so preventing an accumulation that may become infected or cause pressure in the operation site .
A drug ( see beta blocker ) used to treat abnormal heart rhythm , and high blood pressure and also taken to relieve anxiety .
A drug ( see beta blocker ) used to treat abnormal heart rhythm , angina , and high blood pressure and to relieve symptoms in thyrotoxicosis .
A drug ( see sulphone ) used to treat leprosy and some types of dermatitis .
A drug , chemically related to aspirin , used in conjunction with isoniazid or streptomycin to treat various types of tuberculosis .
A drug , similar in its action and side - effects to fluorouracil , used to treat cancers of the digestive system .
A drug , similar in its effects to atropine , used to reduce muscle tremor and rigidity in parkinsonism .
A drug , similar to amphetamine , that reduces the appetite and is used in the treatment of obesity .
A drug , similar to amphetamine , that suppresses the appetite and is used in the treatment of obesity .
A drug , similar to atropine , that inhibits gastric secretion and is used to treat such disorders as gastric and duodenal ulcers .
A drug , similar to atropine , that is used in eye drops to paralyze the ciliary muscles and dilate the pupil for eye examinations and to treat some types of eye inflammation .
A drug , similar to atropine , used to treat colic and other conditions involving spasm of the stomach and intestine .
A drug , similar to isoprenaline , used as a bronchodilator to relieve asthma , chronic bronchitis , and emphysema .
A drug , similar to isoprenaline , used as a bronchodilator to relieve asthma and chronic bronchitis .
A drug , such as azathioprine or cyclophosphamide , that reduces the body 's resistance to infection and other foreign bodies by suppressing the immune system .
A drug , such as dextromethorphan or pholcodine , that suppresses coughing , possibly by reducing the activity of the cough centre in the brain and by depressing respiration .
A drug , such as probenecid or sulphinpyrazone , that increases the amount of uric acid excreted in the urine .
A drug actions and uses similar to those of physostigmine .
A drug active against various bacteria and used to treat infections of the urinary and digestive systems .
A drug active against various microorganisms , used mainly to treat fungus infections of the genital and urinary systems ( such as candidiasis of the vagina ) .
A drug administered by injection to produce muscle relaxation during anaethesia ( see muscle relaxant ) .
A drug administered by injection to stimulate breathing or given by mouth as a smoking deterrent .
A drug administered by mouth , usually in combination with other drugs , to treat tuberculosis .
A drug administered by mouth for the treatment of threadworm infestation .
A drug administered by mouth for the treatment of depression ( see antidepressant ) .
A drug administered by mouth in the treatment of maturity onset diabetes .
A drug administered by mouth or injection to control abnormal heart rhythm ( see beta blocker ) .
A drug administered by mouth or injection to treat depression ( see antidepressant ) .
A drug administered by mouth to prevent and treat malaria .
A drug administered by mouth to treat all types of depression ( see antidepressant ) .
A drug administered in capsules and linctuses to suppress coughs ( see antitussive ) .
A drug administered intravenouly by injection or infusion to prevent the toxic effect of ifosfamide and cyclophosphamide on the bladder .
A drug applied either locally or systemically , that causes expansion of a structure , such as the pupil of the eye or a blood vessel .
A drug applied to the skin as an ointment or paste to treat ringworm infections , psoriasis , and other skin conditions .
A drug containing iron and dextran , administered by intramuscular or intravenous injection to treat iron - deficiency anaemia .
A drug extracted from rauwolfia and used to lower high blood pressure and , occasionally , to relieve anxiety .
A drug extrated from deadly nightshade ( see belladonna ) that inhibits the action of certain nerves of the autonomic nervous system ( see parasympatholytic ) .
A drug formerly used to prevent and treat malaria , now largely replaced by more effective less toxic drugs .
A drug given by intravenous injection to produce relaxation of voluntary muscles before surgery and in such conditions as tetanus , encephalitis , and poliomyelitis ( see muscle relaxant ) .
A drug given by mouth in the treatment of diabetes mellitus .
A drug given by mouth to prevent manic depressive psychosis or to treat mania .
A drug obtained from the meadow saffron ( Colchicum autumnale ) , used to relieve pain in attacks of gout .
A drug of that has a calming effect , relieving anxiety and tension .
A drug of the sulphonamide group , used in the treatment of ulcerative colitis .
A drug of the sulphonamide group that is used in eye drops to treat such infections as conjuntivitis .
A drug opposing the effects of the parasympathetic nervous system .
A drug or other substance with opposite action to that of another drug or natural body chemical , which it inhibits .
A drug prepared from the Indian hemp plant ( Cannabis sativa ) , also known as pol , marthuana , hashish , and bhang .
A drug similar to atropine , but that also acts as an antihistamine , local anaesthetic , and sedative .
A drug similar to chloroquine , used mainly to treat lupus erythematosus and rheuratoid arthritis .
A drug similar to digitalis , used in the treatment of heart failure .
A drug that alleviates the symptoms of depression .
A drug that binds metals and therefore aids their excretion ( see chelating agent ) .
A drug that binds with bile salts so that they are excreted .
A drug that causes an increase in sweating , such as pilocarpine , which stimulates the sweat glands directly .
A drug that causes cells to shrink by precipitating proteins from their surfaces .
A drug that causes constriction of blood vessels and is used to relieve migraine .
A drug that causes constriction of blood vessels and widening of the bronchial passages ( see sympathomimetic ) .
A drug that causes narrowing of the air passages by producing spasm of bronchial smooth muscle .
A drug that causes peripheral blood vessels to dilate ( see vasodilator ) .
A drug that causes the pupil of the eye to contract .
A drug that causes the pupil of the eye to dilate .
A drug that causes the skin to peel and destroys bacteria and fungi .
A drug that causes widening of the blood vessels and therefore an increase in blood flow .
A drug that combines with iron in body tissues and fluids and is used to treat iron poisoning ( including that resulting from prolonged or constant blood transfusion , as for thalassaemia ) , diseases involving iron storage in parts of the body ( see haemochromatosis ) , and for the diagnosis of such diseases .
A drug that combines with metals in the body and is used to treat poisoning by antimory , arsenic , bismuth , gold , mercury , and thallium and in Wilson 's disease .
A drug that constrict blood vessels ( see vasoconstrictor ) .
A drug that constricts blood vessels ( see sympathomimetic ) .
A drug that constricts blood vessels and is used as a nasal decongestant .
A drug that constricts small blood vessels and is used to relieve congestion in rhinitis and sinusitis .
A drug that constricts small blood vessels and raises blood pressure ( see sympathomimetic ) .
A drug that controls the activity of the heart ( see beta blocker ) , used to treat angina , high blood pressure , and abnormal heart rhythm .
A drug that controls the activity of the heart ( see beta blocker ) and is used to treat high blood pressure and angina .
A drug that counteracts the depression in breathing caused by narcotic analgesic such as morphine without affecting their pain - relieving effects .
A drug that counteracts the effects of a poison .
A drug that damages or destroys cells and is used to treat various types of cancer , with or without the use of radiotherapy .
A drug that decreases activity of smooth muscle ( see parasympatholytic ) and is used to treat disorders of the digestive system , including stomach and duodenal ulcers , and enuresis ( bed wetting ) .
A drug that destroys cancer cells by acting on the bone marrow .
A drug that destroys mites and is used to treat scabies and similar skin infections and also to relieve itching .
A drug that dilates blood vessels ( see vasodilator ) .
A drug that dilates blood vessels ( see vasodilator ) and is used to reduce blood pressure in phaeochiromocytoma and to treat conditions of poor circulation such as Raynaud 's disease and chilblains .
A drug that dilates blood vessels and is used in the treatment of angina and other heart conditions .
A drug that dilates blood vessels and is used to improve blood flows in such conditions as cerebrovascular disease and arteriosclerosis and to inhibit contractions in premature labour .
A drug that dilates blood vessels and is used to prevent and treat angina ( see vasodilator ) .
A drug that dilates the blood vessels of the heart .
A drug that enhances the secretion of sputum by the air passages so that it is easier to cough up .
A drug that has a mild prolonged action in reducing blood pressure by dilating blood vessels ( see vasodilator ) and is used to treat hypertension and angina .
A drug that has actions and side - effects similar to those of atropine .
A drug that has effects similar to those of atropine and is used to treat parkinsonism .
A drug that has the effect of stimulating the parasympathetic nervous system .
A drug that has the effect of stimulating the sympathetic nervous system .
A drug that increases heart muscle contraction and is used in heart failure .
A drug that increases heart muscle contraction and is used in heart failure .
A drug that increases the amount of haemoglobin in the blood , e . g . ferrous sulphate and other iron - containing compounds .
A drug that increases the volume of urine produced by promoting the excretion of salts and water from the kidney .
A drug that induces abortion or miscarriage .
A drug that induces or accelerates labour by stimulating the muscles of the womb to contract .
A drug that induces stupor and insensibility and relieves pain .
A drug that inhibits cell division and growth , e . g . procarbazine .
A drug that inhibits growth of cancer cells by preventing cell division and is used to treat such cancers as Hodgkin 's disease .
A drug that inhibits some of the effects of histamine in the body , in particular its role in allergic reactions .
A drug that inhibits thyroid activity , used to treat over - activity of the thyroid gland ( see thyrotoxicosis ) .
A drug that interacts with another to produce increased activity , which is greater that the sum of the effects of the two drugs given separately .
A drug that interferes with cell growth and is used to treat various types of cancer , including leukaemia ( see antimetabolite ) .
A drug that interferes with the normal metabolic processes within cells by combining with the enzymes responsible for them .
A drug that is used in the treatment of overativity of the thyroid gland ( thyrotoxicosis ) .
A drug that is used to reduce high blood pressure ( see sympatholytic ) .
A drug that kills malaria parasites and is used in the prevention and treatment of malaria .
A drug that kills the mites causing scabies .
A drug that lowers blood pressure and is used , usually in conjunction with diuretics , to treat hypertension .
A drug that neutralizes the hydrochloric acid secreted in the digestive juices of the stomach .
A drug that opposes the effects of the sympathetic nervous system .
A drug that prevents bacterial growth and was formerly used to treat infections of the urinary system ( it has now largely been replaced by antibiotics ) .
A drug that prevents cell growth ( see antimetabolite ) and is used in the treatment of cancers of the digestive system and breast .
A drug that prevents cell growth and is used to treat some types of leukaemia .
A drug that prevents growth of cancer cells , used to treat leukaemia .
A drug that prevents muscle spasm ( see parasympatholytic ) .
A drug that prevents or reduces the severity of fits ( convulsions ) in various types of epilepsy .
A drug that prevents stimulation of the beta - adrenergic receptors of the nerves of the sympathetic nervous system and therefore decreases the activity of the heart .
A drug that prevents the activity of the enzyme monoamine oxidase ( MAO ) in brain tissue and therefore affects mood .
A drug that prevents the growth of cancer cells and is administered by mouth , chiefly in the treatment of some types of leukaemia ( see antimetabolite ) .
A drug that prevents the growth of cancer cells and is used in the treatment of leukaemia .
A drug that prevents the growth of cancer cells and is used in the treatment of some types of leukaemia and other cancers .
A drug that prevents the growth of tumours and is used to treat various cancers .
A drug that produces a calming effect , relieving anxiety and tension .
A drug that produces hallucinations , e . g . cannabis and lysergic acid diethylamide .
A drug that produces sleep by depressing brain function .
A drug that promotes the secretion of saliva .
A drug that reduces blood pressure ( see sympatholytic ) .
A drug that reduces blood pressure and is used to treat essential hypertension ( see sympatholytic ) .
A drug that reduces blood sugar levels and is used to treat diabetes .
A drug that reduces blood sugar levels and is used to treat diabetes .
A drug that reduces blood sugar levels and is used to treat diabetes in adults .
A drug that reduces fever by lowering the body temperature .
A drug that reduces inflammation , used mainly to promote healing in the treatment of gastric ulcers or ulcers of the mouth .
A drug that reduces secretion of acid in the stomach and is used to treat stomach and duodenal ulcers , inflammation of the oesophagus , and other digestive disorders .
A drug that reduces spasms of smooth muscle and is used to relieve peptic ulcer , infantile colic , colitis , and related conditions .
A drug that reduces the appetite and is used in the treatment of obesity .
A drug that reduces the appetite and was formerly used in the treatment of obesity .
A drug that reduces the effects of morphine and similar narcotic drugs and is used to stimulate breathing and restore consciousness after an overdose of these drugs .
A drug that reduces the level of blood sugar , used in the treatment of diabetes mellitus .
A drug that reduces the level of sugar in the blood and is used to treat diabetes .
A drug that reduces the level of sugar in the blood and is used to treat diabetes .
A drug that reduces the level of uric acid in the blood ( see uricosuric ) and is used chiefly in the treatment of gout .
A drug that reduces the levels of blood lipids , including cholesterol , and is used to treat atherosclerosis and angina .
A drug that reduces the secretion of milk .
A drug that reduces thyroid activity , used to treat thyrotoxicosis and to prepare patients for surgical removal of the thyroid gland .
A drug that reduces thyroid activity and is used to treat thyrotoxicosis and to prepare patients for surgical removal of the thyroid gland .
A drug that relaxes bronchial muscle and stimulates heart muscle .
A drug that relaxes smooth muscle , especially that of blood vessels .
A drug that relaxes smooth muscle and dilates the peripheral blood vessels .
A drug that relaxes smooth muscle and stimulates respiration .
A drug that relaxes voluntary muscle ( see muscle relaxant ) .
A drug that relieves flatulence , used to treat gastric discomfort and colic .
A drug that relieves pain and reduces fever .
A drug that relieves spasm in muscle , used to treat all types of parkinsonism .
A drug that relieves spasm of smooth muscle , e . g . animophylline , papaverine , or piperidolate .
A drug that relieves spasm of smooth muscle .
A drug that restores consciousness to a patient in a coma or faint ; for example , ethamivan or nalorphine .
A drug that slows down the activity of the heart and is administered by mouth to control abnormal and increased heart rhythm .
A drug that slows down the activity of the heart and is used to control abnormal heart rhythm .
A drug that stimulated the heart and is used to treat heart failure and other heart conditions .
A drug that stimulates contractions of the womb .
A drug that stimulates contractions of the womb .
A drug that stimulates skeletal muscles ( see parasympathomimetic ) .
A drug that stimulates the flow of bile from the gall bladder and bile ducts into the duodenum .
A drug that suppresses coughs and reduces irritation in the respiratory system ( see antitussive ) .
A drug that suppresses the immune system and is administered to prevent and treat rejection of a transplanted organ or bone marrow .
A drug that was formerly used as a sedative .
A drug used , often in combination with atropine , to treat diarrhoea .
A drug used in creams , lotions , solutions , or shampoos to treat infestations caused by scabies , mites , and lice ( including head lice ) .
A drug used in lozenges , syrups , and linctuses to suppress coughs ( see antitussive ) .
A drug used in the treatment of advanced breast cancer .
A drug used in the treatment of advanced breast cancer .
A drug used in the treatment of chronic alcoholism .
A drug used in the treatment of chronic gout .
A drug used in the treatment of leprosy and ( in combination with isoniazid ) tuberculosis .
A drug used in the treatment of trypanosomiasis ( sleeping sickness ) .
A drug used in the treatment of tuberculosis , in conjunction with other drugs .
A drug used in the treatment of tuberculosis , usually taken by mouth .
A drug used in the treatment of tuberculosis .
A drug used in the treatment of various forms of cancer and administered by mouth , injection , or directly into the tumour .
A drug used principally in the treatment and prevention of malaria but also used in rheumatoid arthritis , certain liver infections and skin conditions , and lupus erythematosus .
A drug used to break down thick mucous secretions .
A drug used to dilate the air passages in asthma and chronic bronchitis .
A drug used to lower blood pressure in moderate hypertension .
A drug used to lower blood pressure in patients with hypertension and also used to treat conditions in which the levels of blood sugar are low ( including insulinoma ) .
A drug used to lower high blood pressure .
A drug used to prevent and treat asthma and allergic bronchitis .
A drug used to prevent severe migraine attacks and to control diarrhoea associated with tumours in the digestive system .
A drug used to reduce the production of thyroid hormone in cases of overactivity of the gland ( thyrotoxicosis ) .
A drug used to relieve bronchitis and asthma .
A drug used to relieve depression , especially when associated with anxiety ( see antidepressant , tranquillizer ) .
A drug used to relieve depression and anxiety ( see MAO inhibitor ) .
A drug used to relieve moderate or severe depression and anxiety .
A drug used to relieve pain and suppress coughs ( see analgestic , antitussive ) .
A drug used to stimulate or increase the frequency of bowel evacuation , or to encourage softer or bulkier stool .
A drug used to suppress appetite in the treatment of obesity .
A drug used to treat all types of depression , including that associated with anxiety ( see antidepressant ) .
A drug used to treat arrhythmia and angina of the heart and to reduce high blood pressure ( see beta blocker ) .
A drug used to treat bacterial infections of the urinary system .
A drug used to treat high blood pressure and migraine .
A drug used to treat infections caused by fungi and protozoa , such as blastomycosis .
A drug used to treat infections of the liver , bowel , and intestine caused by amoebae , including amoebic dysentery .
A drug used to treat infections of the urinary , genital , and digestive systems , such as trichomoniasis , amoebiasis , and giardiasis , and acute ulcerative gingivitis .
A drug used to treat infestations by roundworms and threadworms .
A drug used to treat insomnia ( see hypnotic ) .
A drug used to treat insomnia and other sleep disturbances ( see hypnotic ) .
A drug used to treat some cancers , often in combination with other cytotoxic drugs .
A drug used to treat tuberculosis , usually in conjunction with other drugs .
A drug used to treat various depressive states ( see antidepressant ) .
A drug used to treat various infections and infestations , particularly malaria , giardiasis , and taeniasis .
A drug used to treat various types of cancer , including Hodgkin 's disease and some types of leukaemia .
A drug used to treat various types of cancer , including malignant melanoma , tumours of the breast and ovaries , and Hodgkin 's disease .
A drug whose main action is to dilate blood vessels , particularly those in skeletal muscles .
A drug with actions and effects similar to those of amphetamine .
A drug with actions and side - effects similar to those of amphetamine .
A drug with actions and side - effects similar to those of aspirin .
A drug with actions similar to atropine .
A drug with actions similar to those of atropine .
A drug with actions similar to those of ephedrine .
A drug with anticonvulsant properties , used to treat epilepsy and other conditions involving seizures .
A drug with antifungal activity used to treat skin infections such as athlete 's foot and some types of ringworm .
A drug with antihistamine properties , used to prevent and relieve nausea and vomiting in travel sickness , vertigo , disorders of the inner ear , and postoperative sickness .
A drug with atropine - like and antihistamine action , administered by mouth to treat muscle stiffness in parkinsonism .
A drug with effects and uses similar to those of para - aminosalicylic acid .
A drug with effects similar to phenelzine , used to treat all types of depression .
A drug with effects similar to those of atropine , used in the treatment of parkinsonism , certain form of spasticity , and to control the muscular incoordination that may result from the use of some tranquillizers .
A drug with effects similar to those of atropine , used to control the tremors and other symptoms in parkinsonism and to relieve spasm of smooth muscle in digestive disorders .
A drug with muscle relaxant , analgesic , and tranquillizing action .
A drug with similar activity to hyoscine , used , often in mixtures , to treat muscle spasm .
A dry firm waxy swelling of the skin and subcutaneous tissues found in patients with underactive thyroid glands ( see hypothyroidism ) .
A dye that is opaque to X - rays is injected into the artery and a rapid series X - ray films is taken ( see arteriography ) .
A dye used as an antiseptic on skin and mucous membranes and to disinfect contaminated wounds .
A dye used in microscopy for staining basophilic substances in tissue specimens .
A dye used mainly for staining Protozoa .
A dye used to colour tissues and other specimens for microscopical examination .
A face mask for administering oxygen or other gas or for filtering harmful fumes , dust , etc . .
A face mask or intranasal oxygen are used where possible .
A factor associated with the definitive onset of an illness ( or other response , including an accident ) .
A facultative anaerobe is a microorganism that grows best in the presence of oxygen but is capable of some growth in its absence .
A facultative parasite can live either as a parasite or , in different conditions , as a nonparasite able to survive without a host .
A failure of fusion at the cranial end of the neural tube ( cranium bifidum ) gives rise to comparable disorders .
A failure of secretion of intrinsic factor leads to a deficiency of the vitamin and the condition of pernicious anaemis .
A failure of the body to distinguish between materials that are 'self ' , and therefore to be tolerated , and those that are ' not self ' , against which antibodies are produced .
A faint opacity of the cornea that remains after an ulcer has healed .
A fairly shallow hip bath in which the person is seated .
A falling - off in the effects produced by a drug during continuous use or constantly repeated administration , common in drugs that act on the nervous system .
A false crisis : a sudden but temporary fall of temperature in a patient with fever .
A false membrane , consisting of a layer of exudate on the surface of the skin or a mucous membrane .
A false perception due to misinterpretation of the stimuli arising from an object .
A false perception of something that is not really there .
A false sensation of echoing after normally heard sound .
A fan - shaped muscle situated at the side of the head , extending from the temporal fossa to the mandible .
A fat - soluble vitamin occurring in two main forms : phytomenadione ( of plan origin ) and menaquione ( of animal origin ) .
A fat - soluble vitamin that enhances the absorption of calcium and phosphorus from the intestine and promotes their deposition in the bone .
A fat - soluble vitamin that occurs performed in foods of animal origin ( especially milk products , egg yolk , and liver ) and is formed in the body from the pigment carotence , present in some vegetable foods ( for example cabbage , lettuce , and carrots ) .
A fatlike material ( a sterol ) present in the blood and most tissues , especially nervous tissue .
A fatty meal is usually also given , to demonstrate the ability of the gall bladder to contract .
A feeling : the result of messages from the body 's sensory receptors registering in the brain as information about the environment .
A feeling of unreality in which the environment is experienced as unreal and as flat , dull , or strange .
A femoral hernia is similar to an inguinal hernia but protrudes at the top of the thigh , through the point at which the femoral artery passes from the abdomen to the thigh .
A fetal artery lying in the hyaloid canal of the eye and supplying the lens .
A fetal monster with a single truck and normal limbs but with some degree of duplication of the face .
A fetus , weighing less than 500g , that is expelled from the mother 's body either dead or incapable of surviving .
A fetus that has died in the womb or abdominal cavity and has become calcified ( stony ) .
A fetus with one or more pairs of supernumery limbs .
A fever of low intensity or short duration .
A fever resulting from a serious injury .
A fever that rises subsides , then returns again .
A few drops of the test solution are added to Benedict 's solution , prepared from sodium or potassium citrate , sodium carbonate , and copper sulphate .
A few health visitors have specialist roles ( e . g . handicapped children , the elderly , or the tuberculous ) .
A fibrescope for examining the interior of the duodenum .
A fibrous material prepared from the tissues of animals , usually from the walls of sheep intestines , twisted into strands of different thicknesses and used to sew up wounds ( see suture ) and tie off blood vessels during surgery .
A fibrous overgrowth covered by epithelium , often occurring in the mouth in response to chronic irritation .
A fibrous protein that forms the body 's horny tissues , such as fingernails .
A filelike surgical instrument used for scraping the surface of bone ( see illustration ) .
A film of bacteria spread onto a glass slide is dried and heat - fixed , stained with a violet dye , treated with decolourizer ( e . g . alcohol ) , and then counterstained with red dye .
A fine long whiplike thread attached to certain types of cell ( e . g . spermatozoa and some unicellular organisms ) .
A fine network of parasympathetic nerve fibres in the wall of the alimentary canal , supplying the muscles and mucous membrane .
A fine probe is inserted into the lens and the emulsification is commonly performed by ultrasonic vibration .
A firm nodule , appearing singly on the skin and growing to around 2cm across in about six weeks , gradually disappearing during the next few months .
A first degree burn affects only the outer layer ( epidermis ) of the skin .
A fissure in the midline of the palate due to failure of the two sides to fuse in embryonic development .
A fixed appliance is fitted to the teeth and used to perform complex tooth movements .
A fixed distressing belief that one 's body is deformed and repulsive , or an excessive fear that it might be so .
A fixed kyphosis may result from collapse of the vertebrae ( as in senile osteoporosis ) , from osteochondritis in the young , or from ankylosing spondylitis .
A fixed macrophage , i . e . one that is stationary within connective tissue .
A flat capsule containing a drug that has an unpleasant taste .
A flat ribbon - like anatomical structure .
A flat shallow circular glass or plastic dish with a pillbox - like lid , used to hold solid agar or gelatin media for culturing bacteria .
A flat triangular muscle covering the back of the neck and shoulder .
A flat triangular muscle situated in area of the groin .
A flat triangular muscle at the back of the knee joint , between the femur and tibia , that helps to flex the knee .
A fleshy mass that develops from blood clots , membranes , or pieces of placenta left in the womb after abortion .
A flexible bony column extending from the base of the skull to the small of the back .
A flexible strip that is placed round a tooth to restore a wall , thus simplifying insertion of a dental filling .
A fluid - filled sac , one or more of which may develop in the ovary .
A fluid - filled space without a proper wall or lining , within an organ .
A fluid - filled swelling of the bursa in front of the kneecap , often resulting from frequent kneeling .
A fluid called colostrum is secreted before the milk is produced , both secretions are released in response to the sucking action of the infant on the nipple .
A fluid tissue that circulates throughout the body , via the arteries and veins , providing a vehicle by which an immense variety of different substances are transported between the various organs and tissues .
A fold of peritoneum separating the right and left lobes of the liver and attaching it to the diaphragm and the anterior abdominal walls as far as the umbilicus .
A fold of peritoneum that surrounds the Fallopian tubes .
A fold of tissue ; for example , the plica sublingualis , the mucous fold in the floor of the mouth .
A fold or crease , especially one of the folds of mucous membrane that line the stomach .
A folding or twisting , such as one of the many that cause the fissures , sulci , and gyri of the surface of the cerebrum .
A forceful jet of water used for cleaning any part of the body , most commonly the vagina .
A form of allergy due to the pollen or grasses , trees , and other plants , characterized by inflammation of the membrane lining the nose and sometimes of the conjunctiva .
A form of allergy in which the hypersensitivity reaction may be distant from the region of contact with the substance ( atopen ) responsible .
A form of anaemia resulting from deficiency of vitamin B12 .
A form of angiocardiography in which the X - ray pictures are recorded on cine film .
A form of arthritis that is the second most common rheumatic disease ( after osteoarthritis ) .
A form of behaviour therapy that is used to reduce the occurrence of undesirable behaviour , such as sexual deviations or drug addiction .
A form of capsulotomy in which a sharp needle is used to make a hole in the capsule surrounding the lens of the eye .
A form of cerebral palsy involving both sides of the body and affecting the legs more severely than the arms .
A form of cholecystenterostomy in which the gall bladder is joined to the duodenum .
A form of cholecystenterostomy in which the gall bladder is joined to the stomach .
A form of chronic cholecystitis in which small crystals of cholesterol are deposited on the internal wall of the gall bladder , like the pips of a strawberry , hence its descriptive term strawberry gall bladder .
A form of congenital heart disease in which there is pulmonary stenosis , enlargement of the right ventricle , a ventricular septal defect , and in which the orgin of the aorta lies over the septal defect .
A form of conjunctivitis occurring in newborn infants , who contract the disease as they pass through an infected birth canal .
A form of constipation resulting from a long period of voluntary suppression of the urge to defecate .
A form of diarthrosis ( free movable joint ) in which a bone moves round a central axis , allowing rotational movement .
A form of diarthrosis ( freely movable joint ) in which an ovoid head fits onto an elliptical cavity .
A form of diarthrosis ( freely movable joint ) in which the articulating surfaces of the bones are reciprocally saddle - shaped .
A form of diarthrosis ( freely movable joint ) in which the bony surfaces slide over each other without angular or rotational movement .
A form of diarthrosis ( freely movable joint ) that allows angular movement in one plane only , increasing or decreasing the angle between the bones .
A form of diathermy using electromagnetic waves of extremely short wavelength .
A form of fat in adipose tissue that is a rich source of energy and can be converted rapidly to heat .
A form of group psychotherapy in which individuals acquire insight into themselves by acting out situations from their past with other group members .
A form of herpeszoster affecting the facial nerve , associated with facial paralysis and loss of taste .
A form of housing for handicapped or subnormal people .
A form of idiopathic epilepsy in which there are brief spells of unconsciousness , lasting for a few seconds , during which posture and balance are maintained .
A form of leishmaniasis of the skin caused by the parasite Leishmania tropica mexicana .
A form of malaria resulting from repeated infection by Plasmodium falciparum and characterized by continuous fever .
A form of malnutrition due to a diet deficient in protein and energy producing foods , common among certain African tribes .
A form of massage in which the hands are passed continuously and rhythmically over a patient 's skin in one direction only , with the aim of increasing blood flow in that direction and aiding the dispersal of any swelling due to oedema .
A form of mental subnormality due to a chromosome defect ( there are three no . 21 chromosomes instead of the usual two ) .
A form of mercury poisoning ( from ingesting methyl mercury in contaminated fish ) that caused 43 deaths in the Japanese coastal town of Minimata during 1953 - 1956 .
A form of radiography in which the X - ray source is situated about 2 metres from the patient , which produces X - ray pictures with less distortion .
A form of radiotherapy in which a radioactive substance is brought in close contact with the part of the body being heated .
A form of radiotherapy in which penetrating radiation is directed at a patient from a distance .
A form of sensation , such as smell , hearing , tasting , or detecting temperature .
A form of silver poisoning in which the skin becomes dark bluishgrey due to the accumulation of the metal in the tissues .
A form of statistical graph in which values are plotted in the form of rectangles on a chart .
A form of synarthrosis ( immovable joint ) in which a conical process fits into a socket .
A form of synarthrosis in which a crest of one bone fits into a groove of another .
A form of temporal lobe epilepsy in which hallucinations of taste and smell and inappropriate chewing movements are prominent features .
A form of thought disorder , characteristic of schizophrenia , in which the associations of ideas are bizarre and tortuous .
A form of treatment favoured in Japan , in which cones of sunflower pith or down from the leaves of the plant .
A form of violent exhalation by which irritant particles in the airways can be expelled .
A form of vitamin K occurring naturally in green plants but usually synthesized for use as an antidote to overdosage with anticoagulant drugs .
A former name for : 1. any disease resulting in wasting of tissues ; 2. pulmonary tuberculosis .
A former name for a medical social worker .
A former name for the serum component now called complement .
A former term for carcinoma , but now also used to describe benign tumours .
A former treatment for pulmonary tuberculosis - artificial pneumothorax - was the deliberate injeciton of air into the pleural cavity to collapse the lung and allow the tuberculous areas to heal .
A former treatment of tuberculosis was the deliberate injection of air into the peritoneal cavity to allow the tuberculous lung to be rested ( artificial pneumoperitoneum ) .
A former unit for expressing the activity of a radioactive substance .
A former unit of absorbed dose of ionizing radiation .
A forward - looking review of a group of individuals in relation to morbidity .
A forward shift of one vertebra upon another , due to a defect of the joints that normally bind them together .
A foul - smelling watery discharge from a wound or ulcer , containing serum , blood , and pus .
A fractional test meal was a gruel preparation to stimulate gastric secretion , whose has been replaced by tests using histamine or pentagastrin as secretory stimulants .
A fracture in which the bone is broken into more than two pieces .
A fracture made deliberately by a surgeon to correct a deformity in a bone , which has usually resulted from a badly set or untreated fracture .
A framework of metal strips or other material that forms a cage over an injured part of the body of a patient lying in bed , to protect it from the pressure of the bedclothes .
A free - living or parasitic arthropod belonging to a group that also includes the ticks .
A fresh outbreak of a disorder in a patient after a period during which its signs and symptoms had died down and recovery seemed to be taking place .
A freshly cut specimen of the tumour appears green , but the colour rapidly disappears on exposure to air .
A fringe or fringelike process , such as any of the finger - like projections that surround the opening of the ovarian end of the Fallopian tube .
A from of neurosyphilis occurring 5 - 20 years after the original venereal infection .
A fully trained specialist in a branch of medicine who accepts total responsibility for patient care .
A fungal disease of the hair in which the hair shafts carry hard masses of black or white fungus .
A fungicide , produced by the bacterium Streptomyces griseus and used to treat candidiasis , particularly of the vagina .
A fungus ( Claviceps purpurea ) that grows on rye .
A fungus infection of the ear , causing irritation and inflammation of the canal between the eardrum and the external opening of the ear ( external auditory meatus ) .
A fungus infection of the skin between the toes : a type of ringworm .
A fungus infection of the surface of the skin , particularly the scalp and feet , and occasionally of the nails .
A funnel - shaped opening , particularly either of the two openings , between the nasal cavity and the pharynx .
A furrow or depression in an organ or other part .
A further method of obtaining an average value of a group is to identify the mode - the observation ( or group of observations when these occur as a continuous quantitative variable ) that occurs most often in the series .
A gangrenous infection of the mouth that spreads to involve the face .
A gas , vapour , or aerosol breathed in for the treatment of conditions of the respiratory tract .
A gaseous element and a major constituent of air ( 79 percent ) .
A gathering of instructors , students , and patients , usually in a hospital ward , for the examination and treatment of the patients .
A gene in viruses and mammalian cells that can cause cancer .
A gene that , under certain conditions , causes the death of the individual carrying it .
A general anaesthetic , administered by inhalation for all types of surgical operation .
A general anaesthetic , used mainly for inducing anaesthesia and for minor surgegy under short anaesthesia .
A general anaesthetic is sometimes given , especially if the procedure is expected to be painful or uncomfortable .
A generalized disease of the muscles that may be acute or chronic .
A genetic defect in women in which there is only one X chromosome instead of the usual two .
A genetic disorder in which there are three sex chromosomes , XXY , rather the normal XX or XY .
A genus consists of several closely related and similar species ; for example the genus Canis includes the dog , wolf , and jackal .
A genus of aerobic mould - like bacteria .
A genus of amoebae that normally live in damp soil or mud .
A genus of anaerobic spirochaete bacteria .
A genus of bacteria now classified as Micrococcus .
A genus of blood flukes , three species of which are important parasites of man causing one of the most serious of tropical diseases ( see schistosomiasis ) .
A genus of bloodsucking bugs ( see reduviid ) .
A genus of bloodsucking flies , commonly called deer flies .
A genus of crescentshaped sporozoans that lives as parasites within the cells of various tissues and organs of vertebrate animals , especially birds and mammals , and complete their life cycle in a single host .
A genus of fungi , including many common moulds , some of which cause infections of the respiratory system in man .
A genus of fungi causing ringworm of the skin , hair , and nails .
A genus of fungi parasitic to man , that frequently infect the skin , nails , and hair and cause favus and ringworm .
A genus of fungi parasitic to man , that infect the scalp and beard ( see piedra ) .
A genus of fungi producing superficial infections of the skin .
A genus of fungi that contains several species of poisonous toadstools , including A . phalloides ( death cap ) , A . pantherina ( panther cap ) , and A . muscaria ( fly agaric ) .
A genus of fungi that grow on the skin and produce the skin infections athlete 's foot and dhobie itch .
A genus of fungi that sometimes cause disease in man ( see phycomycosis ) .
A genus of Gram - negative , generally motile , rodlike bacteria that have the ability to ferment carbohydrates , usually with production of gas , and are found in the intestines of man and many animals .
A genus of Gram - negative , mostly nonmotile , anaerobic rodlike bacteria .
A genus of Gram - negative aerobic nonmotile parasitic rodlike bacteria frequently found in the respiratory tract .
A genus of Gram - negative aerobic nonmotile rodlike bacteria that tend to form filaments .
A genus of Gram - negative aerobic spherical or rodlike parasitic bacteria responsible for brucellosis ( undulant fever ) in man and contagious abortion in cattle , pigs , sheep , and goats .
A genus of Gram - negative motile comma - shaped bacteria widely distributed in soil and water .
A genus of Gram - negative motile rodlike bacteria that inhabit the intestines of animals and man and cause disease .
A genus of Gram - negative nonmotile aerobic bacteria that are characteristically spherical or rodlike in shape but occasionally grow into branching filaments .
A genus of Gram - negative rodlike bacteria with tapering ends .
A genus of Gram - negative rodlike nonmotile mostly lactosefermenting bacteria found in the respiratory , intestinal , and urinogenital tracts of animals and man .
A genus of Gram - positive , mostly aerobic , nonmotile rodlike bacteria that frequently bear club - shaped swellings .
A genus of Gram - positive aerobic motile rodlike bateria that are parasites of warm - blooded animals .
A genus of Gram - positive non - motile rod - shaped bacteria with a tendency to form filaments .
A genus of Gram - positive nonmotile fungus - like bacteria that cause disease in animals and man .
A genus of Gram - positive nonmotile rodlike bacteria capable of growth in acid media and of producing lactic acid from the fermentation of carbohydrates .
A genus of Gram - positive nonmotile spherical bacteria occurring in chains .
A genus of Gram - positive nonmotile spherical bacteria occurring in grapelike clusters .
A genus of hard ticks , several species of which are responsible for transmitting tick typhus .
A genus of hard ticks , worldwide in distribution , the adults of which are parasited of man and other mammals .
A genus of hard ticks widely distributed in the tropics .
A genus of harmless parasitic mites , the follicle mites , found in the hair follicles and associated sebaceous glands of the face .
A genus of highly motile rigid spiral - shaped bacteria usually found in fresh and salt water containing organic matter .
A genus of hookworms that live in the small intestine .
A genus of large bloodsucking bugs ( see reduviid ) .
A genus of large bloodsucking bugs ( see reduviid ) .
A genus of large forest - dwelling rodents , the pacas or spotted cavies , found in South and Central America .
A genus of large nematode worms that are intestinal parasites of vertebrates .
A genus of large parasitic flukes widely distributed through out eastern Asia and especially common in China .
A genus of large parasitic spirochaete bacteria .
A genus of large tapeworms , some of which are parasites of the human intestine .
A genus of large tapeworms that can grow to a length of 3 - 10m .
A genus of large tropical parasitic flukes that are particularly prevalent in the Far East .
A genus of liver flukes , common parasites of man and other fish eating mammals in the Far East .
A genus of minute parasitic nematode worms .
A genus of mites , the flour mite , A . siro ( T . farinae ) is nonparasitic , but its presence in flour can cause a severe allergic dermatitis in flour - mill workers .
A genus of mites that have been detected in samples of dust taken from houses in various parts of Europe .
A genus of mosquitoes , world - wide in distribution , of which there are some 600 species .
A genus of mostly Gram - positive anaerobic spore - forming rodlike bacteria commonly found in soil and in the intestinal tract of man and animals .
A genus of mould fungi commonly seen on dead and decaying organic matter .
A genus of mouldlike fungi that commonly grow on decaying fruit , bread , or cheese .
A genus of non - blood - sucking beelike insects - the warble flies - widely distributed in Europe , North America , and Asia .
A genus of non - bloodsucking flies , commonly known as blowflies .
A genus of nonblood sucking flies inhabiting lowland woods and forests of South and Central America .
A genus of nonmotile rodlike Gram - negative bacteria normally present in the intestinal tract of warm - blooded animals and man .
A genus of one of the largest parasitic protozoans affecting man ( 70 m or more in length ) .
A genus of parasitic flagellate protozoans , several species of which cause disease in man ( see leishmaniasis ) .
A genus of parasitic flagellate protozoans that move by means of a wavy membrane , bearing a single flagellum , projecting from the body surface .
A genus of parasitic flukes occurring in East Europe and parts of SE Asia .
A genus of parasitic nematode worms ( see filaria ) .
A genus of parasitic nematodes occurring in Brazil , Africa , and Indonesia .
A genus of parasitic protozoans ( see Sporozoa ) that infect birds , reptiles , and herbivorous mammals .
A genus of parasitic protozoans that move by means of a long trailing flagellum and a thin wavy membrane , which project from the body surface .
A genus of parasitic rod - shaped or rounded microorgranisms , usually regarded as intermediate between the bacteria and rickettsiae .
A genus of parasitic worms ( see filarial ) occurring in central Africa and central America .
A genus of predatory bloodsucking reduviid bugs .
A genus of protozoans ( see Sporozoa ) that live as parasites within the red blood cells and liver cells of man .
A genus of protozoans , the species P . carinii causes pneumonia in immunosuppressed patients , usually following intensive chemotherapy ( see also AIDS ) .
A genus of riskettsia - like microorganisms that cause disease in animals and man .
A genus of rodlike Gram - negative flagellate highly motile bacteria common in the intestines and in decaying organic material .
A genus of rodlike Gram - positive aerobic bacteria that can form filamentous branching structures .
A genus of rodlike motile pigmented Gram - negative bacteria .
A genus of rodlike or filamentous Gram - positive nonmotile bacteria found in the soil .
A genus of sand fleas found in tropical Amerca and Frica .
A genus of short rodlike Gram - negative aerobic bacteria , usually occurring in pairs .
A genus of small flukes , usually less than 3 mm in length , common as parasites of dogs and cats in the Far East , North Siberia , and the Balkan States .
A genus of small parasitic flukes occurring in Egypt and the Far East .
A genus of small parasitic nematodes ( see hook worm ) that inhabit the small intestine and are widely distributed in Europe , America , Asia , and Africa .
A genus of small parasitic tapeworms that reach a maximum length of only 8 mm .
A genus of small rodlike Gram - negative bacteria that are parasites of animals and man .
A genus of small slender nematode worms that live as parasites in the small intestines of mammals .
A genus of small widely distributed parasitic tapeworms .
A genus of soft ticks , a number of species of which are important in various parts of the world in the transmission of relapsing fever .
A genus of spherical Gram - negative aerobic nonmotile bacteria characteristically grouped in pairs .
A genus of spherical Gram - positive bacteria occurring in colonies .
A genus of spirochaete bacteria , commonly bearing hooked ends .
A genus of tapeworms . D . caninum , a common parasite of the small intestine of dogs and cats , occasionally infects man but usually produces no obvious symptoms .
A genus of threadlike parasitic worms ( see filaria ) .
A genus of tiny Gram negative aerobic bacteria .
A genus of tropical and subtropical fleas , with some 40 species .
A genus of unicellular yeast - like fungi that cause disease in man .
A genus of very small flies , commonly called fruit flies , that breed in decaying fruit and vegetables .
A genus of virus - like microorganisms that cause disease in man and birds .
A genus of white threadlike parasitic worms ( see filaria ) that live in the lymphatic vessels .
A genus of wide - spread parasitic mites .
A genus of widely distributed amoebae , of which some species are parasites of digestive tract of man .
A genus of widely distributed mites - the harvest mites .
A genus of widely distributed mosquitoes , occurring in tropical and temperate regions , with some 350 species .
A genus of widely distributed mosquitoes occurring throughout the tropics and subtropics .
A genus of widely distributed non - bloodsucking beelike flies .
A genus of widely distributed non - bloodsucking flies , the flesh flies .
A genus of widely distributed nonbloodsucking flies , occurring wherever sheep and goats are raised .
A genus of widely distributed parasitic ticks .
A genus of widely distributed tiny predaceous mites .
A genus of wormlike arthropods occurring mainly in tropical Africa and India .
A genus of yeast - like fungi causing infection of the skin and mucous membranes .
A genus of yeast like fungi ( formerly called monilia ) that inhabit the vagina and alimentary tract and can - under certain conditions - cause candidiasis .
A Ghon focus usually heals without further trouble , but in some patients tuberculosis spreads from it via the lymphatics , the air spaces , or the bloodstream .
A gland that discharges its secretion by means of a duct , which opens onto an epithelial surface .
A gland that manufactures one or more hormones and secretes them directly into the bloodstream ( and not through a duct ) to the pituitary , thyroid , parathyroid , and adrenal glands , the ovary and testis , the placenta , and part of the pancreas .
A glycoprotein , found in the blood plasma , that is capable of binding iron and thus acts as a carrier for in the bloodstream .
A glycoprotein , resembling starch , that is deposited in the internal organs in amyloidosis .
A good dietary source is meat , particularly liver .
A good source of magnesium is green leafy vegetables .
A growth , usually benign , protruding from a mucous membrane .
A gradual process by which cells lose their function and die .
A gradual spontaneous improvement occurs and the child 's progress is thereafter normal .
A graft of tissue from one identical twin to another or between animals that are genetically identical .
A granuloma may occur around the apex of a tooth root as a result of inflammation or infection of its pulp .
A graze , a minor wound in which the surface of the skin or a mucous membrane is worn away by rubbing or scraping .
A greasy material , usually containing a medicament , applied to the skin or mucous membranes .
A greater than normal secretion of hydrochloric acid by the stomach , usually associated with a duodenal ulcer .
A greyish line in the periphery of the cornea , concentric with the edge but separated from it by a clear zone .
A greyish metallic element , the oxide of which , when inhaled by miners in under - ventilated mines , causes brain damage and symptoms very similar to those of parkinsonism .
A group of antigens that may or may not be present on the surface of the red blood cells .
A group of azo compounds used for staining fats .
A group of cells ( usually bacteria ) descended from a single cell by asexual reproduction and therefore genetically identical to each other and to the parent cell .
A group of cells in the hypothalamus that monitor blood concentration .
A group of cells that respond to mechanical distortion , such as that caused by stretching or compressing a tissue , by generating a nerve impulse in a sensory nerve ( see receptor ) .
A group of chemically related compounds with various pharmacological actions .
A group of closely linked genes that regulate the production of enzymes .
A group of congenital abnormalities caused by failure of the neural tube to close .
A group of Gram - negative rodlike bacteria that are normally found in the gastrointestinal tract and have the ability to ferment the sugar lactose .
A group of involuntary movements that appear to be a fragmentation of the normal smoothly controlled limb and facial movements .
A group of large RNA - containing viruses that cause infections of the respiratory tract producing mild influenza - like symptoms .
A group of microorganisms all of which lack a distinct nuclear membrane ( and hence are considered more primitive than animal and plant cells ) and have a cell wall of unique composition ( many antibiotics act by destroying the bacterial cell wall ) .
A group of microscopic single - celled animals .
A group of nerve fibres passing from one part of the brain or spinal cord to another , e . g . the spinothalamic tract , pyramidal tract , and corticospinal tract .
A group of nerve fibres situated close together and running in the same direction , e . g . the atrioventricular bundle .
A group of organisms , such as bacteria , obtained from a particular source or having special properties distinguishing them from other members of the same species .
A group of parasitic Protozoa that includes Plasmodium , the malaria parasite .
A group of people who meet in order to increase their sensitivity and their skills in human relationships by discussing themselves and their relationships .
A group of pharmacologically active compounds used as minor tranquillizers and hypnotics .
A group of physiologically important substances , including adrenaline , noradrenaline , and dopamine , having various different roles ( mainly as neurotransmitters ) in the functioning of the sympathetic and central nervous systems .
A group of stains used for microscopical examination of blood cells , consisting of variable mixtures of thiazine dyes , such as azure B , with eosin .
A group of substances in blood plasma that , in combination with complement and magnesium ions , is capable of destroying certain bacteria and viruses .
A group of substances present in blood plasma that , under certain circumstances , undergo a series of chemical reactions leading to the conversion of blood from a liquid to a solid state ( see blood coagulation ) .
A group of symptoms consisting of progressive dementia , tremor of the hands , and epilepsy .
A group of symptoms that are due to a disorder of the sympathetic nerves in the cervical region .
A group of symptoms that represent a partial disintegration of the patient 's recognition of his body image .
A group of symptoms that sometimes occur after stomach operations , particularly gastrectomy .
A group of symptoms caused by excessive intake of bromides .
A group of veins within the skull that drain blood from the venous sinuses of the dura mater to veins outside the skull .
A group of very small nonmotile spherical or rodlike parasitic organisms .
A group of water and alcohol soluble basic dyes used to stain cell nuclei and as counter stains for Gram - negative bacteria .
A growth of new bone , formed from the periosteum , that sometimes surrounds a mass of infected and dead bone in osteomyelitis .
A habit in which an individual grinds his teeth , which leads to excessive wear .
A haemolytic anaemia is due to red - cell destruction ( see anaemia ) .
A hair - like process , large numbers of which are found on certain epithelial cells and on certain ( ciliate ) protozoa .
A hair may be raised by a small erector muscle in the dermis , attached to the hair follicle .
A hammer - shaped bone in the middle ear that articulates with the incus and is attached to the eardrum .
A handicap is usually related to an identifiable structural impairment , often based on a range of two standard deviations from the mean observation obtained from studying a large number of apparently healthy subjects .
A hard crust of dried blood , serum , or pus that develops during the body 's wound - healing process over a sore , cut , or scratch .
A hard deposit of crystalline uric acid and its salts in the skin , cartilage ( especially of the ears ) , or joints ; a feature of gout .
A hard mass composed of bile pigments , cholesterol , and calcium salts , in varying proportions , that can forms in the gall bladder .
A hard thick area of skin occurring in parts of the body subject to pressure or friction .
A hard tissue that forms the bulk of a tooth .
A hardened patch of skin or mucous membrane , consisting of granulation tissue .
A harmless but often painful tumour usually occurring in the skin at the ends of the fingers and toes .
A Haversian canal forms a central tube , around which are alternate layers of bone matrix ( lamellae ) and lacunae containing bone cells .
A hazard to be guarded against in all bedridden ( especially unconscious ) patients .
A healing process in which the edges of a wound fit together .
A healthy kidney removed from one person and transplanted to another individual is described as a kidney ( or renal ) graft .
A hearing test in which a vibrating tuning fork is placed at the midpoint of the forehead .
A heart beat due to an impulse generated somewhere in the heart outside the sinoatrial node .
A heat murmur that is felt by placing the hand on the chest wall is said to be accompanied by a thrill .
A heavy metal compound , a cytocoxic drug that impedes cell division by damaging DNA .
A hectic fever typically develops in the afternoons , in cases of pulmonary tuberculosis .
A helmet - shaped part , especially the galea aponeurotica , a flat sheet of fibrous tissue ( see aponeurosis ) that caps the skull and links the two parts of the epicranius muscle .
A hemispherical rubber cap fitted inside the vagina over the neck of the womb as a contraceptive .
A hereditary abnormality of cartilage and bone growth , resulting in many cartilaginous out - growths ( exostoses ) from the long bones .
A hereditary blood disease , widespread in the Mediterranean countries , Asia , and Africa , in which there is an abnormality in the protein part of the haemoglobin molecule .
A hereditary blood disease in which the function of the platelets is defective although they are present in normal numbers .
A hereditary blood disease that affects negroes .
A hereditary defect in the metabolism of the amino acid tryptophan leading to mental retardation , thickening and roughening of the skin , and lack of muscular coordination .
A hereditary disease affecting the exocrine glands ( including mucus - secreting glands , sweat glands , and others ) .
A hereditary disorder causing deafness in adult life .
A hereditary disorder in which the blood clots very slowly , due to a deficiency of one of the coagulation factors ( antihaemophilic factor or Factor VIII ) .
A hereditary disorder in which there is excessive absorption and storage of iron .
A hereditary disorder of cartilage formation , due to a defect in mucopolysaccharide metabolism .
A hernia protruding into the vagina , see colpoptosis .
A hernia through the upper central abdominal wall .
A high degree of histocompatibility is necessary for a tissue graft or organ transplant to be successful .
A high level of the hormone causes transfer of calcium from the bones to the blood ; a deficiency lowers blood calcium levels , causing tetany .
A high pressure is required when the pressure inside the eye is increased , and vice versa .
A higher grade of nurse concerned with administration and management in either tier of the British National Health Service ( Regional or District Nursing Officer ) .
A higher than average tendency to acquire certain diseases , such as allergies , rheumatic diseases , or gout .
A highly contagious disease , mainly of childhood , caused by bacteria of the genus Streptococcus .
A highly contagious virus infection that affects the respiratory system .
A highly convoluted tube , about seven metres long , that connects the testis to the vas deferens .
A highly infectious virus disease that tends to appear in epidemics every 2 - 3 years and mainly affects children .
A highly malignant tumour of bone occurring in children and young adults .
A highly malignant tumour of melanin - forming cells , the melanocytes .
A highly potent poison , often harmful to only a limited range of tissues , that is produced by a bacterial cell and secreted into its surrounding medium .
A highly toxic albumin obtained from castor oil seeds ( Ricinus communis ) that inhibits protein synthesis and becomes attached to the surface of cells , resulting in gastroenteritis , hepatic congestion and jaundice , and cardiovascular collapse .
A Hippocratic facies is the sallow face , sagging and with listless staring eyes , that some read as the expression of approaching death .
A histochemical test for proteins , in which ninhydrin ( triketohydrindene hydrate ) is boiled with the test solution and gives a blue colour in the presence of amino acids and proteins .
A histological stain consisting of water - soluble aniline blue or methyl blue , orange G , and oxalic acid .
A hole in the partition between the left and right halves of the heart .
A hollow muscular cone - shaped organ , lying between the lungs , with the pointed end ( apex ) directed downwards , forwards , and to the left .
A hollow or solid cylindrical instrument , usually flexible , that is inserted into tubular passages , such as the oesophagus ( gullet ) , rectum , or urethra .
A hollow situated on the surface of an organ , such as the kidney or spleen , at which structures such as blood vessels , nerve fibres , and ducts enter or leave it .
A hollow tube designed for insertion into a body cavity , such as the bladder , or a blood vessel .
A hook - shaped bone of the wrist ( see carpus ) .
A hormon from the small intestine ( duodenum ) that causes contraction of the gall bladder and expulsion of bile into the intestine and stimulates the production of digestive enzymes by the pancreas .
A hormone - like substance from the anterior pituitary gland that stimulates the transfer of fat from the body stores to the bloodstream .
A hormone - like substance from the hypothalamus ( in the brain ) that acts on the anterior pituitary gland to stimulate the release of thyroid - stimulating hormone .
A hormone ( see gonadotrophin ) , synthesized and released by the anterior pituitary gland , that stimulates ovulation , corpus luteum formation , progesterone synthesis by the ovary ( see also menstrual cycle ) , and androgen synthesis by the interstitial cells of the testes .
A hormone ( see gonadotrophin ) synthesized and released by the anterior pituitary gland .
A hormone , closely related to adrenaline and with similar actions , secreted by the medulla of the adrenal gland and also released as a neurotransmitter by sympathetic nerve endings .
A hormone , produced by certain cells in the thyroid gland , that lowers the levels of calcium and phosphate in the blood .
A hormone , produced by the pancreas , that causes an increase in the blood sugar level and thus has an effect opposite to that of insulin .
A hormone , released by the pituitary gland , that causes increased contraction of the womb during labour and stimulates the ejection of milk from the breasts .
A hormone , released by the pituitary gland , that increase the reabsorption of water by the kidney , thus preventing excessive loss of water from the body .
A hormone , secreted by the placenta in the terminal stages of pregnancy , that causes the neck of the womb to dilate and prepares the womb for the action of oxytocin during labour .
A hormone , similar to the pituitary gonadotrophins , produced by the placenta during pregnancy .
A hormone , synthesized and released by the adrenal cortex , that regulates salt and water balance .
A hormone , synthesized and released by the parathyroid glands , that controls the distribution of calcium and phosphate in the body .
A hormone , synthesized and secreted by the anterior pituitary gland under the control of thyrotrophin - releasing hormone , that stimulates activity of the thyroid gland .
A hormone , synthesized and stored in the anterior pituitary gland , that promotes growth of the long bones in the limbs and increases protein synthesis .
A hormone , synthesized and stored in the anterior pituitary gland , that stimulates milk production after childbirth and also stimulates production of progesterone by the corpus luteum in the ovary .
A hormone from the small intestine ( duodenum ) that inhibits the secretion of gastric juice by the stomach contents pass into the small intestine .
A hormone produced by the thyroid gland that is similar to thyroxine and used to treat conditions of thyroid deficiency .
A hormone produced in the mucous membrane of the pyloric region of the stomach .
A hormone secreted by certain cells in the kidney in response to a reduction in the amount of oxygen reaching the tissues .
A hormone secreted from the small intestine ( duodenum ) when acidified food leaves the stomach .
A hormone synthesized and released by the pituitary gland .
A hormone synthesized and stored in the anterior pituitary gland , large amounts of which are released in response to any form of stress .
A hormone that is produced within specialized nerve cells and is secreted from the nerve endings into the circulation .
A horny structure , composed of keratin , formed from the epidermis on the dorsal surface of each fingers and toe ( see illustration ) .
A hospital in which patients spend a substantial part of the day under medical supervision but do not stay overnight .
A hospital may have a smaller catchment - area ( e . g . a National Health Service District ) for common specialties than for rarer ones , which may be shared between several districts or regions .
A hospital or institution for the rehabilitation and convalescence of patients of any kind .
A hot flush , accompanied by a feeling of heat , occurs in some emotional disorders and during the menopause .
A hybrid , whose parents are usually of different species or varieties , is often sterile .
A hydroalcoholic solution containing 1 % morphine , prepared from macerated raw opium .
A hydrometer for measuring the specific gravity of urine .
A hypnotic and anti - convulsant drug used to induce sleep in mental patients and to control convulsions in tetanus .
A hypnotic and sedative drug used to treat insomnia and to relieve anxiety and tension .
A hypnotic and sedative drugs used to treat insomnia .
A hypnotic drug administered by mouth to treat insomnia and sleep disturbances .
A jelly - like substance formed when tendons , ligaments , etc . containing collagen ( a protein ) are boiled in water .
A joint capsule is the fibrous tissue , including the synovial membrane , that surrounds a freely movable joint .
A joint in which the bones are separated by fibrocartilage , which minimizes movement and makes the bony structure rigid .
A keel - like structure , such as the keel - shaped cartilage at the bifurcation of the trachea into the two main bronchi .
A ketogenic diet is one in which the principal energy source is fat rather than carbohydrate .
A kidney stone is the usual cause of the obstruction , and the kidney becomes distended by pus and destroyed by the inflammation , which extends into the kidney substance itself and sometimes into the surrounding tissues ( see perinephritis ) .
A kidney transplant involves the grafting of a healthy kidney from a donor to replace the diseased kidney of the recipient .
A knot of distended blood vessels overlying and compressing the surface of the brain .
A lack of interest in , or a disinclination for , activity ; listlessness .
A lack of psychological understanding of one 's own emotions and moods .
A large blister , containing serous fluid .
A large bloodsucking fly of tropical Africa belong to the genus Glossina .
A large branch of the femoral nerve that arises in the upper thigh , travels down on the inside of the leg , and supplies the skin from the knee to below the ankle with sensory nerves .
A large cell in connective tissue with many coarse cytoplasmic granules .
A large dark red ovoid organ situated on the left side of the body below and behind the stomach .
A large endocrine gland situated in the base of the neck ( see illustration ) .
A large fall in systolic blood pressure and pulse volume when the patient breathes in .
A large genus of Gram - positive spore - bearing rodlike bacteria .
A large group of insects , including mosquitoes , gnats , midges , house flies and , tsetse flies , that possess a single pair of wings .
A large multinucleate cell that resorbs calcified bone .
A large non - bloosucking fly , Cordylobia anthropophaga , widely distributed in tropical Africa .
A large number of cones is concentrated in a depression in the retina at the back of the eyeball called the fovea .
A large open sloughing sore usually develops at the site of a wound or abrasion .
A large opening in the hip bone , below and slightly in front of the acetabulum .
A large protein fragment produced by the action of enzymes on proteins in the first stages of protein digestion .
A large scaveger cell ( a phagocyte ) present in connective tissue and many major organs and tissue , including the bone marrow , spleen , lymph nodes , liver ( see Kuppfer 's cells ) , and the central nervous system ( see microglia ) .
A large vein in the arm , extending from the hand along the back of the forearm , then passing forward to the inner side of the arm at the elbow .
A larval stage of certain tapeworms , such as Diphyllobothrium latum .
A larval stage of some tapeworms in which the scolex and neck are invaginated into a large fluid - filled cyst .
A late consequence of syphilitic infection .
A late effect of syphilitic infection of the nervous system in which the patient shows features of tabes dorsalis and general paralysis of the insane .
A law stating that a muscle , including the heart muscle , responds to increased stretching at rest by an increased force of contraction when stimulated .
A laxative that acts on the large intestine to cause reflex movement and bowel evacuation .
A lay term for any ulcer or other open wound of the skin or mucous membranes , which may be caused by injury of infection .
A lay term used to describe attacks of nausea or vomiting .
A layer of cells , such as the outer layer of cells in a hair .
A layer of dense connective tissue that covers the surface of a bone except at the articular surfaces .
A layer of follicle cells that surrounds a freshly ovulated ovum .
A layer of solid or semi - solid material that is secreted by and covers an epithelium .
A layer of specialized reflecting cells in the choroid behind the retina of the eye .
A layer of tissue or cells , such as any of the layers of the epidermis of the skin ( the stratum corneum is the outermost layer ) .
A layer that forms on the surface of a tooth , principally at its neck , composed of bacteria in an organic matrix .
A lead - like element that has several dangerously poisonous compounds .
A leech can be detached from its host either by applying salt or by touching it with a lighted cigarette .
A lesion that occasionally appears in the final stage of yaws , involving considerable destruction of the tissues of both the hard palate and the nose .
A less reliable measure of fertility can be obtained from the live birth rate ( the number of live births per 1000 of the population ) or the natural increase ( the excess of live births over deaths ) .
A less severe form may become apparent only in adult life .
