Asia and Europe are both near - neighbours of Africa .
Asia stretches more than 5,000 miles from north to south 
Asphalt can also be made from petroleum .
Asphalt is also used in the marking of roofing paper , shingles , tiles for flooring , and paints .
Asphalt is found in places where there is or used to be petroleum .
Astronomers often make long trips to see a total eclipse of the sun .
Astronomy is the study of the sun , the moon , the stars , the planets , and all the other heavenly bodies .
At 15 , he failed an examination to attend a university in Zurich , Switzerland .
At a depth of one mile the ocean is very cold and dark .
At Cracow he had become interested in astronomy .
At daybreak they landed .
At first Archimedes was puzzled .
At first every cave man was the enemy of every other cave man .
At first people made fun of printed books .
At first several different days were celebrated as the day when Jesus was born .
At first the gum from black spruce trees was used .
At last Dionysius grew tired of hearing about his good fortune , he decided he would teach Damocles a lesson .
At last he and his men were were able to conquer the tribes round about .
At last he fought a great battle with the Danes and won .
At last he gave up .
At last he left his family and started out to teach others how to live better lives .
At last people gave up the idea of copying birds .
At last the ice covered most of what is now Canada .
At last the king of Denmark became interested in him .
At last the palm tree dies and rots away .
At last the trunk was rebuilt in solid stone .
At last the United States Government set aside land for the Indians and forced them to live there .
At last they found a way around Africa into the Indian Ocean and on to India .
At last , however , the barbarians began to settle down .
At least 1,000 years ago the people of what are now Norway , Denmark , and Sweden were skating on runners of bone 
At least 400 years ago the Japanese began raising goldfish .
At least one learned to say Mama and Papa .
At least pottery has been found in the ruins of ancient villages in many different parts of the world .
At least there are over 20,000 
At least there were people in Asia a very long time ago .
At least under them the Romans had peace and prosperity for two centuries .
At least , scientists have found bones of some early men who seem to have been giants .
At night icebergs look ghostly white as they move through the water .
At noon there was a procession of twelve little figures , and a cock appeared at the top of the clock , flapped its wings , and crowed .
At one place only nine miles of water in the strait of Gibraltar separate Africa and Europe .
At other times much of the earth was far warmer than it is now .
At shows dogs are divided into six group : sporting , non - sporting , working , hound , terrier , and toy .
At that time the Hindu and Moslem people in India decided to have separate countries .
At the center of each drop of water or crystal of ice there is usually an even tinier speck of dust .
At the end he had to face the audience to know that they were clapping wildly .
At the end of that time it may be renewed for another 28 years .
At the equator day and night are always the same length .
At the opposite end of the Sea of Marmara is another strait - the Dardanelles .
At the same time it may provide miles of shore line , with chances for bathing and for boating .
At the same time January 1 was made New Year 's Day .
At the same time , they use up the carbon dioxide the fish breathe out .
At the time Elizabeth I was the queen of England .
At the time he lived , most people got their ideas about science from books written centuries before .
At the time it was built , it was taller than anything else anyone had ever made .
At the time the people of Europe were building great cathedrals , the natives of middle Africa were building nothing bigger or more lasting than grass huts .
At the tip of each of squid 's two longest tentacles is a ball which glows with a reddish light .
At times during the long night there is twilight , but the sun does not shines its fact .
At times for some reason so much current may flow through the wires in a house that the wires begin to get hot .
At times in the earth 's history there have been many more volcanoes than there are now .
At times it is almost unbearably hot .
Athens , the capital of Greece , attracts many visitors .
Atlas help the world on his shoulders .
Atomic fusion gives hydrogen bombs their terrible destructive power .
Atomic fusion is going on constantly in the sun .
Atoms are so small that it is almost unbelievable that anything could be smaller .
Atoms are so tiny that it is hard to imagine how tiny they are .
Atoms in turn are made up of very , very tiny particles called electrons .
Atoms of oxygen and atoms of hydrogen , for instance , can join to from water .
Audubon spent much of his spare time as a boy watching birds .
Augautus was a ruler of the great Roman Empire when Christ was born .
Augustus means admired or revered .
Augustus was a good ruler .
Aurun is the Latin word for gold .
Australia is a whole continent .
Australia is still closely tied to its mother country .
Australia , then , is both a country and a continent .
Automobile tires have compressed air in them .
B . C stands for before Christ .
Baby bears are born then .
Baby bears are tiny and very helpless .
Baby garden spiders hatch from eggs enclosed in a silken sac .
Baby robins , for instance , are .
Bach began to earn his living when he was 15 .
Bach was born in Eisenach , Germany .
Back in Spain he was soon for given .
Back in the days of ancient Greece and Rome there were dances that told stories of the gods .
Back near the beginning of things , an old Greek story goes , there was only one woman on the earth .
Backing a car past the house made the ghost seem to run from the back of the front .
Bacteria are nearly everywhere .
Bacteria never die of old age .
Baggage and freight are weighed and loaded .
Bald eagles eat mostly fish .
Bald eagles usually place theirs in the tops of tall trees .
Ballet is dancing to watch , too .
Ballet is not easy to learn .
Balloons are lighter than air .
Bank also lend money .
Bankers were needed , too , to arrange for the buying and selling of goods .
Baseball , football , jai alai , tennis , and polo , for instance , are sports .
Basket marking , for instance , may be an art or it may not be .
Beacon fires on hilltops had sent the word far and wide .
Beacon lights help mark airways , too .
Bear cubs are playful , they are seldom cross as a bear .
Bears can be trained to do many clever tricks partly because they can walk about on their hind legs .
Bears certainly are shaggy .
Bears do have big appetites .
Bears do not kill anything by hugging .
Bears look clumsy , especially when they walk on their hind legs .
Bears , as their fur shows , are mammals .
Beavers built their dams of tree trunks and mud .
Beavers built them long before men did .
Beavers need ponds to build their homes in .
Because he was so wise , confucius was made the chief justice of a province .
Because herbs stems have so much water in them , they freeze when cold weather comes .
Because of the way they live they are called social insects .
Because of them many lighthouses have been built there to aid the ships .
Beethoven had an ugly face and very bad temper .
Beethoven wrote about 300 pieces of music .
Beethoven wrote long compositions and short ones , gay ones and sad ones , gentle ones and exciting ones .
Beetle go through several stages during their lives .
Before electricity could become a good servant , some way had to be found of getting a steadily flowing current of electricity before they had any idea of what a current of electricity is .
Before he was 15 , he published a newspaper which he called the Weekly Herald .
Before Johann was ten years old his parents died , and he went to live with an older brother .
Before long Australia became the greatest wool - producing country in the world .
Before long he was given a position as organist .
Before ovules can become seeds they must be fertilized .
Before that time March 25 had been the first day of the new year .
Before the 2nd World War , the flags of a dozen countries could be seen flying from the boats on the river .
Before the Armada reached England , the English had been warned that it was on its way .
Before then there were other ways of telling the date .
Before they are used as jewels , diamonds are cut and polished .
Beginning with crocuses in early spring , they end at Christmas time with a giant Christmas tree .
Being hypnotized does not mean losing one 's will power completely .
Being in the good health mean having both body and mind in good working order , free from disease and pain .
Belgium is only , slightly larger than Maryland .
Bells were important parts of early clocks .
Below this level conditions become less and less suitable for living things .
Beside they had to protect themselves from wild animals .
Beside , the machinery of a democracy is cumbersome when there is a crisis of some kind .
Beside , they have tiny air sacs scattered throughout their bodies .
Beside , they often decorated the pages of the books they copied .
Besides studying with Plato he did great deal of writing .
Besides , a plant eater must eat a great deal of food to get all the nourishment it has to have .
Besides , in the water , there are tiny plants called algae .
Besides , the miners are not allowed to go home after a day 's work .
Besides , they had weapons made of stone - stone axes and stone knives .
Beta is the Greek name for B .
Better cells were made and stronger currents could be got from them .
Better designs were made .
Better engines were made .
Better materials for planes were found .
Better tools were developed , and homes more comfortable than caves were built .
Between one and two million years ago one of these changes took place - the great Ice Age began .
Between one and two million years ago the great Ice Age began .
Bicycles were made with front wheels almost as tall as a man and with very small back wheels .
Big diamonds are used as jewels .
Big hotels can be divided into three kinds .
Big hotels have worked out many ways of making their guests comfortable .
Big new steel mills to use more of India 's riches in coal and iron are being built .
Big rubies are among the rarest and most beautiful of gems .
Big trees are conifers .
Big - game hunters have killed many of Africa 's wild animals .
Big - game hunting is not new .
Big - game hunting is still a sport .
Biggest of cheese are the giant Swiss cheese wheels .
Biology is so big that it has been divided up into different sciences .
Birds and monkeys and fruit bats eat them .
Birds are alike in other ways that are easy to see .
Birds build nests and lay their eggs .
Birds get their names in different ways .
Birds have small cerebrums with no folds .
Birds help us in many ways .
Birds of all kinds lay eggs .
Black bears live in forests in many parts of North America .
Black is no color at all .
Blind people cannot read ordinary writing of printing because they cannot see .
Blood is so important that the heart has to keep pumping it every minute of every day of our lives .
Blood must be kept moving in our bodies every minute of our lives .
Boats cannot climb up the falls and rapids .
Boats have carried goods up and down it .
Bombay is on an island close to the west coast of the peninsula of India .
Book lungs are sacs filled with flaps of thin skin like the pages of a book .
Books could never be cheap and plentiful so long as parchment had to be used for their pages and so long as they had to be written by hand .
Books of today are not printed page by page , as old books were .
Books that have many signatures will be thick .
Books today are so easy to get that it is hard to think of a time when were no books .
Books with only a few will be thin .
Botany is one of them .
Both alligator and crocodiles are covered with scales .
Both Atlas and Prometheus were Titans , all of whom were giants .
Both chocolate and cocoa are made from the seeds of the cocoa tree .
Both the Chinese and the Japanese set about getting goldfish of new colors .
Both the Egyptians and the Babylonians , for instance , used hundreds of different signs .
Both the potters and the painters were proud of their work and often signed the pieces .
Both the teeth and the eyes of the viper - fish glow in the deep - sea darkness with a weird light .
Boundaries between countries have been changed time after time .
Boys and girls use up so much energy that they need a great deal or fuel food .
Boys and girls who practice democracy day by day will be better members of a democracy when they grow up to vote .
Boys went to school at their teacher 's house , attended by an old slave , the pedagogue .
Brahe also watched the planets and kept a careful record of where they were in the sky .
Braille is named for the Frenchman who invented it - Louis Braille .
Brain coral , organ pipe coral , and stag - horn coral are common kinds .
Breathlessly Edison and his helpers watched to see how long it would glow .
Bringing in the Yule log was a joyous ceremony in old England .
Britain built up her great empire partly by sending out setters to form colonies in new lands .
Britain lost them in the American Revolution .
British lands still stretch around the world .
Brontosaurus and Diplodocus were gentle beasts .
Brontosaurus was one of the giant dinosaurs .
Brontosaurus was so big that it is supposed to have made a noise like thunder when it walked about .
Brontosaurus weighed about 35 tons , but its brain weighed less than a pound .
Brushing our teeth after meals is a habit .
Brushing our teeth is an important part of keeping clean .
Buddha had a happy boyhood .
Buddha lived about 2,500 years ago , five centuries before Christ 
Buddha means Enlightened One .
Buddha went into the mountains .
Building a place where sick people can be cared for is not a new idea .
Bulbs that have rested in the ground all winter send up leaves and flowers .
Bulldogs with huge jaws and short noses were developed so that they could hang on to the throat of a bull and still be able to breathe .
Bumblebees , too , make honey , but do not eat their honey .
Burma and Republic of Ireland are among them .
Burning a great Yule log is another custom that grew up in northern Europe as a part of the midwinter celebration .
But 41 years later , in New York , a skyscraper was built that was taller .
But a few inches below the top of the ground the water is always frozen .
But a great deal of the dancing in ballets is not toe dancing .
But a great many of them make their shells out of lime from the water .
But a hippopotamus is not much like a horse .
But a number of ways of writing for the blind have been worked out .
But a pilot has to depend mostly on the instrument in his plane to keep him on his path .
But a railroad was built .
But about 500 years ago a great age of exploration began .
But after a dozen generations or so these barbarians settled down .
But after gunpowder was invented , ways of fighting changed .
But after he died great temples were built to him .
But after many years Copernicus wrote the book .
But again he found only islands .
But again it grew colder and the ice sheets moved southward .
But air helps us most in another way .
But Alexander 's generals were the best in the world .
But all the while he was interested in plants and animals .
But all through the Dark Ages the Christain Church grew in strength .
But along with wanting better homes and better things to wear and to eat , many people began making things to sell .
But an iceberg may travel for 2,000 miles before it disappears 
But another government official plotted against him .
But anyone who tried and failed was put to death .
But as Columbus was on his way to ask help from the King of France , they changed their minds and gave him the ships he wanted .
But as soon as men learned to work metal they made shields of bronze or iron .
But at last machines came into the picture .
But at last the summers grew longer and warmer , and the ice began to melt back .
But at last they were written down .
But at least by the time he was 30 he was eager to try out this idea .
But at least there were clocks of a sort in several European monasteries nearly 1,000 years ago 
But at the ends of the pieces of wires , where the connections are made , the insulation has been removed .
But atoms are made up of even smaller particles .
But Augustus did not have any idea that people in later centuries would think that the birth of Jesus was the most important happening in his reign .
But baby fish have no way of protecting themselves .
But balloons are stills used .
But because of the cold they needed better shelters .
But boys and girls can practice the ideas of democracy in their everyday lives .
But breathing , whether it is fast or slow , must not stop .
But British gave up their control of the government of India in 1947 .
But by that time dates had slipped at little out of place in the seasons .
But by this time the banyan does not need the palm tree to hold it up .
But captain James Cook 's explorations of the southeast coast in 1770 were important .
But chewing gum as we know it was first made in the United States .
But Chinese shake bodies ' own hands instead .
But Christianity did not die , instead , it grew stronger .
But clothing habits in many countries are changing .
But Copernicus did not spend night after night in stargazing .
But Copernicus did not wish to do so .
But cotton - picking machines are being used more and more .
But crystals of carborundum are almost as hard .
But De Forest added important ideas of his own .
But dinosaurs were not lizards .
But electricity became truly useful after Micheal Faraday invented a machine to push electrons on their way .
But electricity helps us in still other ways .
But elsewhere it is joined with something else .
But even so it tells scientists a great deal about the people who lived where the ruins are .
But even though the rock book is hard to read , scientists have been able to read a great deal of the story of the earth from it .
But everywhere the rules of etiquette answer the same questions .
But fire can also be a terrible enemy if it gets beyond control .
But for hundreds of years the Chinese have thought that the roots would cure many kinds of sickness .
But for many hundreds of years people who tried to fly made wings that they could beat against the air .
But for millions and millions of years there were no flowering plants .
But for one reason or another , a breed that has been popular for years may become less popular and some other breed may take its place .
But for several thousand years people have used the pottery 's wheel for shaping pottery .
But for the most part only the most beautiful and expensive glass is now made by hand .
But for thousands and thousands of years there were no books at all .
But from the very first the fleet had misfortunes .
But garnets are not nearly as popular as they used to be .
But good manners in one group of people may not be good manners at all in another group .
But Greece is replanting her forests and rebuilding her soil .
But half an hour later the clouds may have disappeared , and the sun may be shining brightly .
But happenings there in prehistoric times can only be guessed from such things as the tools and weapons found there since history began .
But he accomplished a great deal .
But he also had a great deal of charm .
But he did like singing and dancing for the other workers .
But he does not plan big and beautiful buildings .
But he finally conquered the whole country , which in those days was called Cathay .
But he lived simply .
But he managed to hold his own .
But he must go to the stream to get a drink in this way .
But he thought it was just another island in his way to the Far East .
But he was a khan when he was just a boy .
But he was still not satisfied .
But his brain , if we could see it , would show no sign of what is stored in it .
But honey cannot be stored in that way .
But hospitals were not common for a very long time .
But how could he tell exactly how much space the crown took up ?
But how long ago people learned to make pleasant sounds by beating on hollow logs and blowing reeds no one can tell .
But hypnotism is not just fun .
But if he works a design into his basket or tries to give it a beautiful shape , he is an artist .
But in 1867 , most Americans thought the country had bought land that was just an icebox .
But in 1937 a terrible accident put a stop to travel in zeppelins .
But in a very few minutes the night is over .
But in all the early ways there were a great many different signs .
But in Argentina some of these constellations are never visible .
But in many places it is beautiful .
But in most countries where we find democracy today the people won the right to rule themselves by a hard struggle .
But in most places the turning of the Earth makes some constellations rise in the east and set in the west .
But in most vineyards the vines are given wire fences to grow on .
But in one way moths and butterflies are different from all other insects .
But in one way they were far ahead of the early cave men .
But in Rome politics began to have something to do with the calendar .
But in the middle of the meal he happened to look up .
But in the midst of his victories Genghis Khan died .
But in the world as a whole by far the most important milk producer is the cow .
But in warmer regions there is no snow at Christmas time .
But it cannot fly unless it has a pilot .
But it carries on many of the kinds of work the bodies of large animals carry on .
But it does not soak up the red rays .
But it does not stay in the ground at night , and in many ways , as the picture shows , it does not look like a pig .
But it is a crowded land .
But it is a safe guess that the first man - made bridge was a log .
But it is a very special kind of cell .
But it is almost sure to be lighter .
But it is easy to see that an ostrich and a scarlet tanager are both birds .
But it is not easy to see why Fe stands for iron and Au for gold .
But it is set on fire very easily , and it burns fiercely .
But it is so famous and so many people visit it every years that it will probably be left standing for many years more .
But it may help us remember that glass is made mostly of sand and that soda ash or some similar chemical must be mixed with the sand to make it melt when it is heated .
But it must be curved in exactly the right way .
But it often is said that its greatest are the Hwang Ho , Yangtze , and Si rivers in southeastern China and farmland in and near their valleys and deltas .
But it took many centuries to work out our way of keeping track of time .
But it was not easy to make the wheels turn at just the right speed .
But it was only a 30 - day month .
But it was several days too short .
But it would take about 2,400 one - carat stones to weigh a pound 
But its people are not scattered evenly over this big continent .
But its shocking organs are quite different from those of the ell .
But Joseph recognized his brothers .
But knowing what elements are in our bodies is only a tiny start in knowing how we are built .
But large areas get very little rain or snow .
But many Atlantic airways have stops at the Bermudas or the Azores .
But many kinds of bacteria are helpful .
But many of our dogs of today do not look at all like wolves .
But many of the festivities of Christmas do not have anything to do with religion .
But many people think that the idea of Christmas gifts came from an old Roman custom .
But many people think that they have seen or heard ghost .
But many people thought the story was true .
But men have been building dams for several thousand years .
But most fishes do not .
But most kinds of crystals are not easy for people to make .
But most of the English letters are the same as those the Romans used 2,000 years ago 
But most of the wood has been changed to invisible water vapor and carbon dioxide .
But most of them are either farmers or herders .
But most of them have changed greatly on their way to us .
But most people think of hot , dry deserts when they hear the word desert .
But most rules are not so easy to explain .
But most vegetables cannot be cooked on a stick .
But much of Europe was covered by forests , roamed by bands of robbers .
But no grown bear can really be counted on to be friendly .
But no one picks cotton blossoms for bouquets .
But no one yet knows of another planet in the universe where people like us could live .
But no other animal use their hands as well as we do .
But none of the bears living today are as large as the giant cave bears that lived during the great Ice Age .
But not all animals that live in water are fish .
But not all ants live underground .
But not all deserts are dry .
But not everyone can be hypnotized .
But not for a long , long time did people think of days like ours .
But not till the Spaniards added sugar instead of pepper did they like chocolate .
But nothing happened at all .
But now many people who have cancer get well .
But now most of our honey comes from bees that live in man - made hives built especially for them .
But now they must go to out - of - t he - way places .
But of course no one can go out beyond it to take a picture of it .
But of course the answer is wrong .
But often it takes much time and patience .
But often the sepals are small and green .
But on the way out of Hades he disobeyed a command of the gods and looked to be sure that Eurydice was following .
But on those slopes there is also much jungle in which tigers and other wild animals live .
But once again he persuaded the men to sail on .
But once they were used a great deal .
But one day she grew so curious that she decided to take just one peek .
But only a few kinds of animals divide up their work .
But only a weak current came from it .
But only from the equator can they all be seen .
But other people did not find out about the journeys of the Norseman till many century later .
But over the oceans it is .
But painting it is not easy .
But Paul , who was not one of the 12 disciples , did more than anyone else to spread Christianity in its early days .
But people once really believe in them .
But people play a very different part in the history of the earth from the part played by earlier mammals .
But picture tubes in television sets may be more than two feet across .
But printed books soon won their way and printing shops sprang up all over Europe .
But probably it is worse for a composer than for anyone else .
But really he is following a road just as carefully as if he were in an automobile on the ground .
But scientists can study animals in zoos .
But scientists have not been able to discover that any large amount of land has sunk below the sea in the past 100,000 years 
But scientists have produced several others in their laboratories .
But scientists , of course , wanted to find out much more about them as soon as they found out there were such things .
But so few accidents happen now that going by air is a safe way of traveling .
But some animals are too small to be seen without a microscope .
But some democracies have kings or queens .
But some get it by eating animals that eat plants .
But some kinds of dancing are true art .
But some of the dinosaurs were flesh eaters .
But some of them do not , as the pictures show .
But some plants are not old when they have lived for a hundred years .
But some the other men of the court were jealous of Daniel and plotted against him .
But some things the Chinese invented are now used everywhere , printing is one of them .
But soon he was given permission to study in Italy again .
But sooner or later someone discovered a way of starting a fire .
But still he found no riches .
But summers do not last long enough to melt the ice deep in the ground .
But suppose no more rain fell into it and no more water was brought to it by rivers ,it would take the ocean about 4,000 years to dry up 
But the ballet of to day had its beginnings about 600 years ago .
But the best sapphires come from Kashmir .
But the bright band of light around the sun the - corona , it is called - still shows .
But the constellations are all so far ways from us that no change in shape shows from one years to another .
But the current also has to flow through the fuse .
But the distance the earth travels is so great that , to cover it in a year , the earth must travel very fast - 18 miles a second .
But the eastern part of Europe ( about half the continent ) is a part of the biggest country in the world .
But the English later controlled most of them .
But the English people did not want him as a ruler .
But the F . B . I does much more than try to solve crime after they are committed .
But the finest opals come from Australia .
But the floods have also brought new soil to the plain and have helped keep the land fertile .
But the flounder and some of its relatives swim on their sides and have both their eyes on the upper side of their heads .
But the fuel value of a piece of chocolate meringue pie is about 450 calories .
But the goldsmith might have replaced the stolen gold with silver .
But the Greeks were wrong about what the simple substances are and how many there are .
But the long summer days are rather warm .
But the most prized are red or yellow .
But the new bicycles were very much better than the early bicycles built on that plan .
But the oldest elephant that anyone knows about surely was only 60 years old .
But the river wanders about so much that it is more than 1,700 miles long 
But the sepals could not look green .
But the steering wheel of a car and the wheel in an airplane do very different things .
But the very best milkers give more than 50 quarts a day .
But the voyage was long and hard .
But their ancestors , scientists think , did come from Asia .
But their glory came to an end .
But their paths differ in shape .
But there are also small amounts of many other gases .
But there are hot springs in a number of different places .
But there are man more animals that do not have fur .
But there are many green plants that do not have any wood in their stems .
But there are no signs that it is getting colder in the Far North .
But there are not a great many of them .
But there can be dancing without music .
But there is a president and there are governors and senators .
But there is a reason back of every kind of dog we have .
But there is also a narrow strip of land that stretches southward along the Pacific coast .
But there is so much air that all of it together weighs countless tons .
But there may be other French words , too .
But there was still more misfortune in store for the Armada .
But these earth pigs are not easy to catch .
But these pictures are paintings , not photographs .
But these tall people do not have the great weight and strength of the giants of storybooks .
But they all wrote great music .
But they also drove out most of the Britons and set up small kingdoms of their own .
But they also have to have pilots to make them work .
But they always beat many times a minute - sometimes more than 10 .
But they are hunting in different ways .
But they are not as the Himalayas in Asia or the Andes in South America .
But they are not nearly as clumsy as they look .
But they cannot use food until it has been digested .
But they could make them go up or down .
But they cut and fitted their blocks of stone together so well that there was no room for even a knife blade between them .
But they did not make any record of their struggles .
But they do not absorb the green rays .
But they do not always run or hide when they are in danger .
But they kept the idea of using chariots in war .
But they learn about them chiefly through the things they made .
But they were in balloons .
But they were rather high .
But this idea is very different from the one that some people have - the idea that in a free country , as a democracy is often called , everyone can do as he pleases .
But this idea is wrong .
But this island , if there ever was one , disappeared 10 or 15 million years ago .
But to many people the word chalk means only crayons for writing on backboards .
But today we are not afraid of them .
But toll road keepers began raising their rates on steam carriages .
But topazes are not always yellow .
But trees like the big one in the picture grow to be larger than any maple or elm or oak .
But two inventions made the story very different .
But usually clouds are dark simply because they are too thick to let much sunlight through .
But very likely a printer named Schoeffer printed it .
But want and need have a great deal to do with forming habits .
But ways were found of doing so .
But we are more intelligent than any other mammals because of our big cerebrums with their many folds .
But we do not always see this something .
But we have especially big cerebrums .
But we see many signs of it as we look about .
But we still talk as if they did .
But whales reach their full size in about 12 years .
But when a comet comes close the sun , the light of the sun drives out some of the gas in the head , this form a tail which shines in the sunlight .
But when a person is experimenting , as the boy in the picture is doing , he must know how to set up a circuit .
But when Bellerophon tried to ride Pegasus up to Mt . Olympus , has was thrown off .
But when Marie was eight , her oldest sister died .
But when the mistake was discovered , it was too late to change the calendar .
But when we talk about day and night we are using day to mean the time between sunrise and sunset - the time when the Sun is above the horizon .
But who invented it ?
But why can't each person follow his own ideas of politeness ?
But without a calendar we cannot tell what Sunday Easter will be .
But writing with an alphabet is much more common .
But young David was not .
But ,a great earthquake had made this continent sink below the sea 9,000 years before Plato 's time 
But , although the stems may die down to the ground in the winter , some herbs are able to live on year after year .
But , as the millions of years went by , they changed little by little until they were like the horses that we know .
But , so far , all the artificial diamonds that are being made are small .
Butterflies do not spin cocoons .
Butterflies usually fly in the daytime .
Butterflies usually hold their wings up when they are resting .
By 1600 chocolate had reached Europe .
By 1912 , builders could make cars that would run fairly well .
By 2,000 years ago , they had built the early Chinese Empire 
By 500 B . C the Athenians had set up a democratic governments .
By 600 B . C . Greek trading post and colonies stretched along the northern Mediterranean shore from the Black Sea almost to the Atlantic .
By air it is less than 1,000 miles from the place where the Danube rises to its mouth in the Black Sea 
By careful choosing and mating they were able to get fish with flowing tails , very thin scales , and bulging eyes .
By carrying pollen they help seeds form .
By means of engines , propellers , and rudders they could be made to go in any direction .
By that time the old calendar was so out of step that the dates had to be moved up 11 days .
By that time the sultan was so much in love with her that he would not have cut off her head for anything .
By the time Edison began working on his incandescent lamp , he was already a successful inventor with a staff of assistants .
By the time he was 30 , he had gone to sea many times .
By the time he was 45 he was ruler of all Mongolia .
By the time Marie was 24 , bronja had become a doctor and was married .
By the time they get to where they started , they have to begin over again .
Cacao tree can be raised only near the equator .
Caecilians are not well known .
Caesar decided to throw out their moon - month calendar and start over .
Caesar was at first the last name of a famous ruler , Julius Caesar .
Caesar 's astronomers decided that a year should be 365 1 / 4 days long .
Caesar 's calendar put in leap years too often .
Caesar 's plan of leap years was followed for about 1,600 years 
Calcium , Carbon , Chlorine , Cobalt , Copper , Fluorine .
California tribes : Maidu , Pomo , Witun .
Calling them the alphabet instead is really calling them the AB 's , for the word alphabet comes from the Greek names for these two letters .
Camels are well fitted to stand the heat and the blowing sand of hot deserts .
Camels can also store enough water inside their bodies to last for three days or even longer .
Camels furnish meat and milk .
Camels live in hot desert lands .
Cancer used to be incurable .
Cannibalism is rather common among some kinds of animals .
Capillaries join the veins to the arteries .
Carbon and iron are examples of solid elements .
Carbon crystal do not form unless the carbon is pressed very hard and heated very hot at the same time .
Carbon filaments were made by charring wood fibers and some wood fibers worked better than others .
Carborundum crystals have to be made .
Carborundum is a trade name .
Carborundum is useful for grinding and polishing other hard materials .
Carborundum was invented accidentally in 1891 by Edward Goodrich Acheson .
Caring for cows and the milk they produce is called dairy farming , or dairying .
Carpenter ants live in dead wood .
Carrying a check is far safer than carrying money .
Carvings on the walls of the temple tell the story of the Khmers .
Castle and cathedral villages slowly grew into cities .
Caterpillars eat a great dead and grow fast .
Caterpillars , on the other hand , often do great deal of harm .
Cave men had tamed dogs many thousands of years ago .
Cave men may have used fire long before they knew how to make it themselves .
Cave men probably carried home burning branches from these fires .
Centaurs had the bodies of horses and the heads and shoulders of men .
Central America is not a Separate continent .
Ceres , the largest asteroid know , is 480 miles in diameter .
Certain animal cells carry messages .
Chain mail was made of tiny metal rings linked together .
Chalk is used in making putty and paint .
Changes are , of course , always taking place in the Earth 's surface .
Changes in climate probably had a great deal to do with their disappearance .
Charges of this kind are called charges of frictional , or static electricity .
Chariots were the very first wheeled vehicles .
Charts help sailors correct their compass readings so that they can tell true North .
Checks make it simple to send money to other parts of the country , too .
Cheese is a good food because it has in it almost everything that is in milk .
Cheese is the solid part of milk .
Cheese makers , by adding rennet or by letting bacteria sour the milk , make the solids of the milk come together in curds .
Cheese may be hard , semihard , or soft .
Chemicals that glow in the dark are produced in the bodies of many deep - sea creatures .
Chickens often go to roots , and other animals go to their barns .
Chicle is the sap of the sapodilla tree , which grows in Central and South America .
Children in many parts of the world ask for ice skates at Christmas time .
Children liked them so much that he kept on writing fairy tales .
Children 's bodies not only have to be repaired , they also have to grow .
Children 's styles have changed over the years just as much as the styles for grownups .
China and India , he argued , could not be very far to the west .
China animals , glass bottles , silver spoons , butterflies , and stamps are a few of them .
China has great mineral riches .
China is really just a special kind of pottery .
Chinese writing , for instance , is done with such signs .
Chocolate is made by grinding the nibs between hot rollers .
Choosing an eagle as a national emblem was not a new idea .
Christ was born at least four years earlier .
Christian Huyghens ( 1629 - 1695 ) was a Dutch astronomer .
Christianity is built on the work of Jesus Christ .
Christianity then ,is nearly 2,000 years old 
Christmas comes out just about the time the Romans were exchanging gifts to celebrate the lengthening of day .
Christmas is a religious festival .
Christmas trees are often sticky to the touch .
Chunks of asphalt are often found floating on the Dead Sea .
Chunks of gold are called nuggets .
Cinnamon bears are merely blond black bears .
Circuits , or paths , for the current must be easy ways of starting and stopping the current .
Cirrus clouds are high above the ground - usually at least seven or eight miles high .
Cities had to protect themselves from bands of robbers .
Cities have not always been pleasant places to live .
City life did not appeal to them .
Classes are divided into still smaller groups called orders .
Clocks could be much smaller if they did not have to have weights and pendulums .
Clothes can be cleaned and pressed in a very short time .
Clothes like those worn in the United States are being worn in more and more places .
Clothing should be suited to the weather .
Clouds are made mostly of tiny drops of water or of tiny crystals of ice .
Clouds of this kind make a mackerel sky .
Clouds sometime disappear because the wind blows them out of sight .
Clouds travel , the wind blows them about .
Clumsy as a bear , cross as a bear , shaggy as a bear , hungry as a bear and bear hug are a few of them .
Clusters of huts grew up in the shadow of the castle walls .
Columbus first asked the King of Portugal for men and ships .
Columbus is said to have urged them on by crying Adelante ! Adelante ! ( Sail on ! Sail on ! ) .
Columbus kept a journal on the voyage .
Columbus named the island where they landed San Salvador .
Columbus sailed from island to island .
Columbus was born in Genoa , Italy , a city of seafarers .
Combination salad is the rangers ' name for the scraps from the hotel kitchens .
Comets have paths around the sun just as the earth has .
Complete flowers have four parts : sepals , petals , stamens , and pistils .
Confucius came from a noble family , but his parent were poor .
Confucius chose to go into exile rather than stay and fight .
Confucius never pretended to be more than an ordinary man .
Constellation means stars together .
Cool water cannot hold as much alum as hot water can hold .
Copernicus ( 1473 - 1543 ) was a Polish astronomer .
Copernicus did not made himself famous by discovering a new continent .
Copper is an excellent conductor of electricity and is fairly cheap .
Corals are simple animals , with no bones , no heads , and no legs .
Corals look much like little flowers .
Cormorants can be trained to help fishermen .
Cortes and his men learned to drink it .
Cosmic rays are still mysterious , scientists are not yet sure exactly where they come from .
Cosmic rays do not seem important to most of us .
Cotton and silk , too , go back thousands of years .
Cotton must have a long growing season - 200 days without frost .
Cotton plants have many enemies .
Cotton seeds are planted in early spring .
Cottonseed oil is squeezed from the seeds .
Counting these surge is called taking the pulse .
Countless millions of tiny animals too small to be seen without a microscope live in the sea .
Covered wooden bridges were once common in the United State .
Cow 's milk , sheep 's milk , camel 's milk , mare 's milk , or goat 's milk may be used .
Cows raised especially for their milk are called dairy cows .
Crocodiles grow to be bigger than alligators .
Crystals are common .
Cyclops was a one - eyed giant in Greek myths .
Daedalus flew safely , but Icarus flew too near the sun .
Dairy cattle have been greatly improved .
Dairy farming means much hard work .
Damocles left very well pleased with himself .
Damocles talked a great deal about how lucky Dionysius was to be a ruler .
Damocles was a member of his court .
Dancing is a part of the religion of many primitive peoples .
Dancing is an art that leave no sign behind it .
Dancing still has a part in some great religions , especially in religions of the Far East .
Dancing that tells a story is called a ballet .
Daniel answered , My God has sent His angel and has shut the lions 'mouths , so that they have not hurt me .
Daniel well liked by Darius .
Dark - green dots in the carpet are clusters of trees in the mud - walled farm villages .
Dark - skinned people lived in them .
Darwin had not planned to be a scientist .
Darwin was seasick for much of the voyage , but he came back with the notes for his great book .
David and Jonathan , Saul 's son , were friends .
David shot a stone right between the eyes of Goliath and killed him .
David was a shepherd boy .
Day after day he put off killing her because he wanted to hear the next story .
Day and night would always be the same everywhere if it was not for the tilt of the Earth as it spins around .
Days are longer than nights .
Days are longer than nights .
Days do not fit evenly into months .
Days do not fit evenly into years .
Days get longer and longer till June 21 .
December 21 is the shortest day of the year .
December 25 is the day that most Christians finally agreed to call his birthday .
Deep - sea animals are fitted to their environment in a similar way .
Deep - sea creatures have thousands of pounds of water pressure on every square inch of their bodies .
Democracy has its problems .
Democracy is a kind of government which lets people rule themselves .
Democracy is based on this idea .
Denmark , Spain , Italy , and Greece are other countries in other European peninsulas .
Desert animals , as a rule , need less water than other animals .
Diamonds are crystals of carbon .
Diamonds are crystals of carbon .
Diamonds are dug out of the ground .
Diamonds are harder than anything else in the world .
Diamonds are harder than anything else we know about .
Diamonds are the best liked of all gems .
Diamonds are worth so much for their size that a dishonest workman could carry home a fortune with him every day .
Diamonds were later found in other parts of Africa .
Diamonds were once supposed to protect their wearers from danger .
Different animals breathe in different ways .
Different birds eat different kinds of food .
Different cannibal groups probably became cannibals for different reasons .
Different climates call for different kinds of clothes .
Different kinds of cells do different kinds of work .
Different materials are added to make different kinds of glass , just as flavorings are added to make different kinds of candy .
Different peoples had different ways of writing .
Digesting food is not simple .
Diogenes believed that everyone should lead a very simple life .
Diogenes gave away all his possessions except a cloak , a purse , and a cup .
Diogenes once met Alexander the Great .
Diogenes saw that he did not really need a cup and threw his way .
Dionysius planned a royal banquet and gave Damocles the seat of honor .
Dionysius , of course , had ordered the sword hung above Damocles ' head .
Diplodocus , another giant , was even longer but was not so heavy .
Distances between China and other early civilized countries were great .
Do not do unto others , it says , what you do not wish others to do to you .
Doctors have everything they need for examining and treating their patients .
Doctors study diseases there and work out better ways of treating them .
Doctors tell us that being very much interested in something helps our minds stay well .
Doctors use it in helping people who are ill .
Doctors would have no fever thermometers .
Dogs and wolves are very close relatives .
Dogs could help herd cattle and sheep .
Doing so means to Tibetans that you have enjoyed listening to their conversation .
Doing so suggests that you are very hungry .
Doing without automobiles and airplanes !
Down below it , they believed , there was a great , gloomy region to which people went when they died .
Down through the centuries thousands of people have made discoveries .
Down through the Middle Ages some of the German tribes kept the idea of democracy alive .
Draco , the dragon , is a constellation .
Dragons are only storybook animals .
Drinking too much grain alcohol makes people do queer things .
Dry deserts , oddly enough , can have bad floods .
Dukes and princes knew and admired Bach .
During a total eclipse of the sun , the whole round disk of the sun is hidden .
During its long history there have been many changes in climate .
During sandstorms camels can close their nostrils to keep the sand out .
During the great Ice Age much of Europe , too , was covered with ice .
During the last part of the great Ice Age many of these caves were used as homes by the people who lived in Europe in those days .
During the Middle Ages every writer has his own recipe for ink .
During the Middle Ages it had a great hold on the people of Europe .
During the Middle Ages most of the copying of books was done by monks .
During the Middle Ages Venice was the leading glassmaking city of the world .
During the past 100 years many new ways of communicating have been invented .
During the race he flung them , one at a time , ahead of Atlanta .
During the rest of his life he was often ill .
During the time called the great Ice Age there were saber teeth with teeth that were truly like sabers and mammoths so woolly that they could stand the cold well .
During the wars called the Crusades , which were fought in the Middle Ages , chain mail was much used for armor .
During their winter sleep they live on food stored in their bodies and take in water and oxygen through their skin .
During World War II the Himalayas were called the Hump .
Dutch children put wooden shoes in front of the fireplace for St . Nicholas to fill the night before his feast day , December .
Each animal takes in lime from the water and walls itself up with it .
Each battery is made up of tiny six - sided sections to the brain .
Each bigger telescope that is made brings more galaxies into view .
Each book is broken up into chapters , and each chapter into verses .
Each community had a fort on a low hill and below it a town of mud - brick houses .
Each flower forms a seed ball called a boll .
Each half is soon full grown .
Each half of the heart has two rooms : an auricle and a ventricle .
Each kind of flower has its own special number , too .
Each kind of flower has its own special size and shape .
Each of out hands has four fingers and a thumb .
Each one has a shell which it has made for itself .
Each one has in it plates of lead , peroxide , and a mixture of water and acid .
Each one has runways , hangars , waiting rooms , a control tower , and various work room and offices .
Each one is pulled by either two or four horses .
Each quarter of the hour was struck by a different jack .
Each time , to honor her ,the America people gave her a gram of radium worth more than $ 100,000 
Each used a pair of wings like the wings of a giant bird .
Each year has a number .
Each year thousands of Americans visit Europe .
Eagles are majestic birds .
Early experiments with gliders - planes without engines - taught the value of using big wings that would not move .
Early in the Middle Ages people raised most their own food .
Early settlers in America brought grapevines with them from Europe , but this root disease soon killed the vines .
Earthquakes are fairly common .
Easter can never be earlier than March 22 .
Eastern China has fewer mountains and more rain .
Eastern tribes : Cherokee , Chippewa ( or Ojibway ) , Choctaw , Cree , Creek , Delaware , Fox , Iroquois , Kickapoo , Miami , Mohican , Ottawa , Peoria , Potawatomi , Seminole , Shawnee , Winnebago .
Eating human flesh used to be rather common .
Edison solved this problem by sealing the filament in a glass bulb from which he pumped out the air .
Edison started to earn money when he was very young .
Edison was born in Milan , Ohio .
Edison 's inventions number well over 1,000 
Edison 's most famous invention was the incandescent electric lamp .
Edmund Halley ( 1656 - 1742 ) lived in England in Newton 's time .
Eiffel Tower has three floors and , near the top , a balcony .
Eight different countries border the Danube .
Einstein also became famous as a great believer in freedom .
Einstein later went to school there .
Einstein was born in Ulm , Germany .
Either the coils of wire or the magnets must be whirled round and round to make a generator produce a current .
Electric clocks are very good and very dependable timekeepers .
Electric currents were carrying messages by telephone and telegraph .
Electric eels are found in the Amazon and Orinoco rivers in South America .
Electric lamp bulbs are marked in watts .
Electricity does this easily when the material is in the form of a fine thread , called a filament .
Electricity for the furnaces comes from a power plan in which the generators are driven by water power .
Electricity has not been a servant for much more than 100 years , but it has been known since the days of the ancient Greeks .
Electricity is a true jack - of - all - trades .
Electricity is the servant of many millions of people .
Electricity was doing wonderful things before the days of electronics .
Electron tubes more or less like De Forest 's audion tube are used today not only in the radio but also in television , radar , and the long - distance telephone .
Electrons are tiny electric particles .
Electrons are tiny electric particles .
Elizabeth sent her sailors exploring , too .
Emeralds were believed to be a help in foretelling the future .
Encircling the fish are glowing fringe like fins .
Enemies conquered them and drove them from Angkor .
England 's most haunted house is a rectory in Essex .
English custom and language have spread not only through most of North America but through Australia , too .
Eros is 18 miles in diameter .
Eskimos live in this part of Alaska .
Europe has anything but a smooth coastline .
Europe is farther north than most people think .
Europe is very little larger than the United States .
Europe remained a land of pastures and little villages for many years .
Europeans have some problems that come from fact that Europe is divided into many countries .
Even 400 years ago guns could shoot through plate armor of the kind the knights had been wearing .
Even a person who does not know anything about Indians has heard some of these tribe names .
Even after men learned to write , it was a long time before they made books .
Even among savages the custom of eating human flesh is rare today .
Even as a child Beethoven did not have a happy life .
Even at its narrowest it is about 2,000 miles is between the bulge of South Americas and the bulge of Africa 
Even cave men went big - game hunting .
Even children sometimes worked 15 or 16 hours a day .
Even during a total eclipse the moon does not completely disappear .
Even if a person has very good health habits , he will probably be sick once in a while .
Even if clouds are dark from below , they are glistening white on top .
Even if it can be divided by 100 , it is a leap year if it can be divided by 40 .
Even if the Bibles were not sacred , many people would read it .
Even in the open water where boats can travel , floating ice is always a danger .
Even long after writing began in some places there were great groups in other parts of the world who could not write .
Even longer ago in Egypt there were dances that told stories of the planets .
Even now there are few grizzly bears left .
Even so , they are becoming fewer .
Even some baby animals are cannibals .
Even the bark has been bred out of certain dogs .
Even the horses of the knight swore armor .
Even their ruler was a woman .
Even though she had discovered radium and had showed others how to get it , Marie can only buy a very small part of radium to continue the experiment.
Even though we do not feel it , the air is pushing on every one of us with a great deal of fore .
Even tiny bits of some impurity may spoil a batch of glass .
Even today people consider Aristotle one of the greatest thinkers who ever lived .
Even today the big country is far from crowded .
Even when the vines are on fences they are trimmed every year .
Even with excellent eyes and ears we could not see and hear if messages did not reach our cerebrums .
Ever so many people believe that elephants and parrots live longer than people .
Every animal has a scientific name .
Every atom has a center , or nucleus .
Every atom of every material is made up partly of electrons .
Every big city has its airport .
Every country has tales of its own giants .
Every flag has a meaning .
Every game has its own rules .
Every group of people has its rules of etiquette .
Every human being beings life as a single cell .
Every kind of dog has many good points .
Every material that forms crystals has its own crystals shape .
Every part of the story of evolution is not as clear as the story of the horse .
Every snowflake that falls in the wintertime is made of tiny crystals of ice .
Every time heart muscles contract and force the blood out into the arteries we say there is a heartbeat .
Every year thousands of tons of chicle for chewing gum are shipped to the United States .
Everyone knows that our bodies have to have food .
Everyone should do all he can to stay health .
Everywhere around us there is air .
Everywhere fall and winter are the seasons of long nights .
Except for size , all airports are much alike .
Except for the Caucasus Mountains near the border between Europe and Asia , the Alps are the highest mountains in Europe .
Except in the countries along the Mediterranean Sea and in the Union of South Africa there are not many roads for automobiles .
Exchanging gifts and sending Christmas cards are modern ways of making the Christmas season merry .
Exercise in the fresh air and sunshine is especially good .
Exercise makes muscles strong and help us have good posture .
Exercise should be fun , too .
Explorers have braved many dangers to find it .
F . B . I agents have a nickname .
Fables are stories made up to teach a lesson .
Falcons can be trained to help in hunting .
Fame did not come to others until long after they died .
Families are divided into genera , and genera are divided into species .
Farther north and farther south , in the region of vast , sand deserts , it almost never rains .
Farther north , between the Yangtze and Hwang Ho rivers , lands is less hilly .
Farther north , in Mesopotamia , the land between the Tigris and Euphrates rivers , there were many asphalt springs , too .
Fascists believe that the government should be very powerful .
Fastened to the bones are the muscles that let us move about .
February was left with 28 days except in leap year .
Ferrum is the Latin word for iron .
Few of them live in western China .
Fewer than 100 men were on board them .
Figure skating is a sport that takes great skill and many hours of practice .
Finally a certain kind of bamboo fiber was found that seemed good .
Finally bicycle makers went back to the idea of having two wheels of the same size .
Finally the bottom of the river was higher than the land on either side .
Finally the Spanish fleet was defeated and the commander ordered the ships to return to Spain .
Finally they had fish that were all gold .
Finally , as the centuries go by , the plant or animal may be so different from its ancestors that it rates as a new kind , or species .
Finally ,on December 17,1903 , a man for the first time really flew 
Finding a bee tree - a hollow tree where wild bees had stored honey for themselves - used to be an important happening .
Fins are a great help in swimming .
Firing means baking in an oven , or kiln .
First it is an egg .
Fish have even been frozen in blocks of ice and have been able to swim away when the ice melted .
Fishes appeared long before there were any amphibians or reptiles or mammals or birds .
Fishes are caught by the billions for food .
Fishes are cold blooded , they are the same temperature as the water around them .
Fishes have eyes but no eyelids .
Fishes have no outer ears , but they do have ears deep in their heads .
Fishes have nostrils which they use only for smelling .
Fishing and hunting and mountain climbing are good examples .
Flag etiquette says that the Stars and Stripes should never touch the ground .
Flags of countries were not common until the last 200 years .
Flowers are very important , for they produce seeds .
Flowers must have either stamens or pistils to be of use to the plants they grow on .
Flying with the help of these radio signals called flying the beam .
Folk dancing is usually done in groups .
Food does many things for our bodies .
Food is made ready .
Food made of such things as dried insects and shrimp can be bought for goldfish .
Foods that furnish the most calories are not always the best for us .
Footprints are among the simplest of fossils .
For 45 years he went among the people teaching them to be kind and to bear their sorrows meekly .
For a hot spring there must be a tube , or channel , in which water can gather .
For a hundred years boys and girls have read and liked the fairy tales of Hans Christian Andersen .
For a long time flags were banners fastened at the upper corners to a horizontal bar .
For a long time no one tried to fit days and months and years together .
For a long time people thought the Gutenberg Bible was printed by Gutenberg .
For a special kind of china called bone china , for instance , ashes from bones must be mixed with the clay and water .
For a thousand and one nights she told one story every night .
For a time he married a new wife everyday .
For a time Pandora obeyed the order .
For a time Romans did , too .
For a while he even lived in a big tub to show that people did not have to have all the comforts they were used to .
For Alfred for time was in hiding .
For boys and girls , school lasts only about six hours a day , and there is a long summer vacation .
For centuries all glassware was scarce and expensive .
For centuries it kept the Americas from being discovered by the people of Europe .
For centuries many people of Europe have taken to the sea .
For centuries the finest rubies have come from Burma .
For cocoa , the fat in the chocolate is removed .
For every piece of glass had to be made by hand .
For glass the mixture must be heated extremely hot in big furnaces .
For grownups eight hours is now the ordinary work day .
For hundreds of miles this wall cannot be crossed on land .
For hundreds of thousands of year our ancestors struggled upward .
For hundreds of years after men had boats they still did not dare go far out to sea .
For hundreds of years eggs have been used to stand for the awakening of life in the spring .
For hundreds of years the Danube has been a great highway .
For hundreds of years they were merely told aloud by storytellers .
For in most places a compass needle does not point exactly north .
For in places layers of rock have been covered with hot lava .
For it Alexandre Gustave Eiffel built a high tower .
For it stand not for one country but for all the countries in the United Nations .
For its original home is Peru .
For lightning must have started forest fire in early times just as it does now .
For living material is made partly of hydrogen .
For many are now the names of cities or rivers or states .
For many centuries in the past , men tried to fly by imitating the birds .
For many centuries most big diamonds came from India .
For many centuries soldiers had to protect themselves only from such weapons as swords and spears and arrows .
For many years afterward the family of Jacob lived happily in Egypt .
For many years scientists felt sure that there were just 92 .
For millions and millions of years all the plants and animals on the earth lived in the sea .
For millions of years the seashores swarmed with trilobites .
For most of the time since then she has been a kingdom .
For nearly half a billion years tiny animals called corals have lived in the Earth 's warm seas .
For new ones are being thought up all the time .
For now that radio and television and airplanes have brought the different parts of the world closer together , ideas about clothes are spreading just as other ideas are .
For October 10 it reads , here the people could endure no longer .
For one thing he made a new calender .
For other algae the water must be cooler .
For part of the way it is a suspension bridge , then there is a cantilever span .
For people have been able to write for only about the past 5,000 years 
For seven years Aristotle was Alexander 's tutor .
For several hundred years the Khmers were very powerful .
For six months the North Pole is tilted toward the sun .
For so large as ocean it has very few islands .
For some time the empire had been growing weaker .
For steering the airplane the pilot has a wheel that looks a lot like the steering wheel of a car .
For that reason it grows only in warm climates .
For the first time a man had made a bridge .
For the geyser , there must be not rock not far below the surface of the ground .
For the new calendar they borrowed the idea of the year from the Egyptians .
For the other six months the North Pole is tilted away from the Sun .
For the pollen from a flower may not be able to fertilize the ovules in its own flower .
For the whole day they all sang , danced , and played instruments .
For they now had a way of guiding their ships .
For this reason it is better than mercury for thermometers that are to be used where it is very cold .
For this reason it is no longer used for balloons that carry people .
For this reason many people are more careful about following the rules of good manners than they are about following some laws .
For this reason , atomic energy is often called nuclear energy .
For thousands of years people have worn gems .
For thousands of years the ice moved southward .
For three years Hans had a hard time earning a living .
For time the Great Wall of China stopped him .
For we wear clothing at least partly for protection from the weather .
For weeks the ships sailed westward .
For years he wandered from province to province spreading his ideas to all who would listen to him .
For years the sailors of Europe were eager to reach India by sea .
Fortunately a camera lens can throw on a plate or film a small picture of a very large object .
Fortunately , no long , high range runs north from the Alps .
Forty years later there was another gold rush .
Forty - six dams are to be built across the river .
Fossils are signs of living things of long ago found preserved in rocks .
Fossils are traces found in rocks of the plants and animals of long ago .
Fossils are usually found in rocks .
Fossils help scientists read the story of the earth 's , too .
Fossils show that about 50 million years ago horses were no bigger than foxes and had no hoofs or manes .
Fossils tell parts of the story of evolution very clearly .
Fossils tell , too , about changes in climate and changes in land and sea .
Four hundred years ago Elizabeth I was the Queen of England .
Frequently it was no thicker than ordinary paper is now .
Frogs and toads eat plants when they are tadpoles .
From a bird 's bill it is sometimes easy to tell what kind of food the bird eats .
From all over the world ships come to its wharves .
From chronometers , watch and clock makers found ways of making their clocks and watches better .
From early childhood he was interested in music .
From east to wet it stretches about a third of the way around the world .
From Europe , in time , these ideas reached the New World .
From fossils we know about the strange animals and plants that once lived on the earth .
From fossils , scientists cant ell that there was the time when all the plants and animals were very simple .
From full moon to full moon was a good measure of time .
From its readings bills for electricity are figured .
From the air , the huge plain crossed by the Hwang Ho river looks like an immense carpet of fields of wheat , millet , and cotton .
From the ashes a young phoenix rose .
From the balcony one can see more than 50 miles .
From the capillaries it flows into veins .
From the end of its nose to the tip of its tail it was about 70 feet long .
From the Greeks we can trace it still farther back to the Phoenicians .
From the north , alexander the Great , king of Macedonia , led his armies into Greece .
From the Phoenicians , too , they learned about the alphabet and borrowed it for writing their own language .
From the sea the fishermen get sponges .
From them came much of our learning .
From there it goes to the right ventricle .
From there on the story is not yet clear .
From there the cloth could be shipped to all parts of the world .
From there , on September 9 , they headed due west into unknown waters .
From time to time through the centuries , peoples from dry central Asia pushed into Europe in search of rainier land .
From time to time , there are boundary disputes between some of the countries .
Fuses are always marked in amperes .
Fuses are the watchmen that help keep our servant electricity from doing harm by producing unwanted heat .
Fuses blow most often because too many appliances are being used at one time .
G men do not wear uniforms .
Galileo ( 1564 - 1642 ) , the famous Italian scientist , was the first to study the sky with a telescope .
Galileo made himself unpopular because he dared to doubt the learned people of earlier times .
Galileo noticed that , no mather how far it moved , the swings always took the same time .
Galileo wanted to find things out for himself .
Galss windows were then possible - not at first for homes , because of the cost , but for churches .
Games and sports are more than fun .
Games that take a great deal of athletic skill are often called sports .
Gandhi and his follower Nehru , both great leaders , deserve much credit for the big changes now going on .
Garnets were supposed to look like pomegranate seeds .
Gases from the burning fuel in the engine rush out from a hole in the rear of the engine with terrific force , and the plane is pushed forward .
Gems are costly because they are rare .
Gems have always been wanted because they are beautiful and because their beauty lasts .
Gems were being bought and sold in ancient Babylon at least ,4,000 years ago 
Genghis Khan is not a name .
Genghis Khan means great Khan of Khans .
Genghis Khan then led his Mongols into India and Persia and on to the Mediterranean Sea .
George Washington , a story tells , explained the colors of the American flag in this way : We take the stars and blue union from heaven , the red from our mother country , separating it by white stripes , thus showing we have separated from her , and the white stripe shall go down to posterity representing liberty .
Germs in spoiled food may make him sick .
Geyser are found in only a few places .
Ghost are supposed to be the spirits of dead people .
Giant sequoias are found only in parts of California .
Gibbons walk erect much as we do .
Gibraltar is only a rocky point of land at the southern tip of Spain .
Gills are small fringes or sheets of thin skin .
Gills are thin threads or branches made of tissue .
Gills take oxygen out of the air that is dissolved in water .
Ginseng has pretty red berries in the fall , but the plant is not raised for them .
Ginseng means likeness of men .
Girls are not made of sugar and spice and all things nice , and boys are not made of snips and snails and puppy dog tails .
Give me a place to stand and a lever long enough and I will move the earth he once said .
Glaciers are great sheets or rivers of ice .
Glassmakers have made great strides in overcoming this big objection to glass to keep it from breaking easily when it is heated .
Going through a cloud is like going through a heavy fog .
Gold can be mined in this way because it is very heavy .
Gold has been known since the beginning of history .
Gold in jewelry and ornaments is usually mixed with other metals to make it harder .
Gold leaf is used to make letters on books and signs and to decorate china , furniture , and even buildings .
Gold often is found free .
Gold was used for ornaments long before it was used as money .
Golden eagles eat mostly warn - blooded animals .
Golden eagles nest on mountain crags and cliffs .
Goldfish should not be given more food at one time than they can eat up in about five minutes .
Goliath dared anyone from Saul 's soldiers to fight with him .
Goliath was a giant .
Good clay for pottery making must be found .
Good food , fresh air , exercise , good posture , plenty of water , comfortable clothing , cleanliness , and checkups with the doctor and dentist all help in keeping our body machines running as they should .
Good harbors and good fishing are reasons why .
Good health is a great blessing .
Good manners help us get on smoothly with others .
Goodbye is short for God be with you .
Gorillas walk on all fours .
Governments are providing plenty of safe water , good sewage and garbage disposal , pleasant parks and playgrounds , and good housing .
Governments do more than try to keep people well .
Grain alcohol and wood alcohol are two common kinds .
Grain alcohol gets its name because it can be made from such grains as corn and barley and rye .
Grain alcohol is the kind of alcohol found in such drinks as wine , beer , and whisky .
Grains of sand are crystals of quartz about so much by wind and waves that their corners and edges have been worn off .
Grapes grow on vines .
Great cathedrals were built , and many people came to live nearby .
Great deserts and mountain ranges to the west and the Pacific Ocean to the east gave China other protection .
Great forests once grew in places that are desert today .
Great numbers of very small animals swim or float about in the deep sea .
Great sheets of moving ice , or glaciers , were formed .
Greece won her independence from Turkey in 1830 .
Greek boys studied music , reading , writing , and poetry .
Greek nobles bought from them jewelry for their wives and robes dyed with beautiful Tyrian purple .
Green plants can then use it .
Green plants throw oxygen away when they are making food for themselves .
Grizzly bears , noted for their strength and fierceness , live in the western mountains .
Growing children need more sleep than grownups .
Grown - up insects have air tubes .
Gutenberg is often called the inventor of printing with movable type .
Gutenberg , schoeffer and Caxton would have had to color them by hand .
H stands for hydrogen , o for oxygen .
Hairs keep the sand out of their ears , and long eyelashes keep it out of their eyes .
Haley 's comet comes close to the earth every 76 years .
Haley 's comet is the most famous comet .
Half of the name is a good one , for the hippopotamus spends much time in streams .
Halfway between the equator and the North Pole , for instance , the Big Dipper is always visible , no matter what time of night it is .
Halley 's comet is named for him .
Hammerfest has no night at all .
Hang a string down into the solution .
Hans was born in a fishing village in Denmark .
Hans was homely boy .
Hans wrote about his travel .
Hans 's father died when the boy was only 11 .
Having either more electrons than usual or fewer than usual gives an object a charge of electricity .
Having enough to eat is not the same as having the right food .
Having rules of etiquette is a help because everyone understands them .
He also learns how to defend himself .
He also liked to learn things by himself by reading and experimenting .
He also must learn how to use jujitsu .
He also rescued the beautiful maiden Andromeda from a sea monster .
He also took them to the east and conquered part of Asia .
He also visited Australia , Tasmania , and New Zealand .
He also wanted to be made Admiral of the Ocean Sea .
He also wrote poems and plays .
He and Plato were good friends , although they did not always agree .
He asked if he might come in and rest .
He asked some astronomers to help .
He became a canon in the Cathedral of Frauenberg .
He became armor - bearer to Saul , the king Israel .
He became famous for his study of comets .
He became the greatest organist who had ever lived .
He became very popular , too .
He began carrying on experiments .
He began to do some writing .
He believes he can see strange objects that he is told about .
He believes that he hears sounds that he is told he is hearing .
He brought about many changes that were good .
He called it a draisine .
He called it government of the people , by the people , and for the people .
He came upon some ruins deep in the jungle .
He can even make it turn in a figure - eight in the air .
He can get these germs by being with sick people .
He can make it bounce off the ground several times before it rises into the air and starts back .
He can make it loop - the - loop several times .
He carried the ideas of the Greeks to many new places .
He carried their roll books .
He conquered all the part of Europe that is now France .
He conquered more of the world than did either Napoleon or Alexander the Great .
He continued his important studies there .
He could have punished them .
He decided then to give up his life of ease .
He decided to be an actor .
He decided to let her live one more day .
He did his work very well .
He did not believe in fighting .
He did not enjoy the rest of the dinner .
He did not guess how big the earth is .
He did not like any of them .
He did not like school , but he enjoyed being taught at home by his mother .
He did not live to see the great storm his book stirred up .
He did not want to climb down the steep bank and wade through the cold water .
He did so by running after it day and night for a whole year .
He did very well in mathematics , but not in other subjects .
He did , and the visit went smoothly .
He died believing that America was only a group of islands on the way to the Far East .
He discovered that the planet Jupiter has moons traveling around it .
He discovered that the planet Venus seems to change shape .
He discovered that there are mountains on the moon and sunspots on the sun .
He discovered the ring of Saturn and found out a great deal about Mars .
He dropped two balls of different weights from the top of the Leaning Tower of Pisa .
He even made another trip to the New World .
He even marched his armies into Britain .
He experimented with mirrors , lenses , and levers .
He favored finding a way around Africa .
He flew for 12 seconds !
He found beautiful forests too .
He found out how much an object os buoyed up in water .
He found that the band of light called the Milky Way is the light from a vast number of distant stars .
He founded cities in the lands he conquered .
He gave away most of his possessions .
He goes to his bank .
He grew up to be a world authority on reptiles and became head of the reptile section of a big zoo .
He grew up to be quite , thoughtful , and studious .
He grew up to become a great leader of his people .
He had a laboratory in the basement of his home .
He had commanded her never to open it .
He had many children - 20 in all - and enjoyed being with them .
He had these three ideas : The Earth travels around the Sun .
He had thought of a vessel level full of water .
He had to be hoisted up .
He had to give up the idea of being an actor .
He has a good heart means that he is kind .
He has a great many ideas about a great many things .
He has some money , but not enough .
He himself was a blind man .
He invented an electric cell .
He invented many wonderful things .
He is a wood carved .
He is known by his name in Latin - Copernicus .
He is taking pictures of big animals in the places where they live naturally .
He is told which road to take when he leaves the airport .
He jumped and jumped , but he could not reach them .
He jumped from the bath shouting Eureka ( I have found it ! ) .
He knew that if silver had been used in place of some of the gold , the crown would not take up exactly he same amount of space as if it were pure gold .
He knows a great many words .
He learned so fast that he was able to make a concert tour when he was only 11 .
He learns that he had to be patient .
He learns what the duties of an F . B . I man are and how to sort out and follow up clues .
He led them into Russia .
He lived in a palace and was not allowed to see how sad the lives of the poor people round about were .
He lived to reign only 13 years , but in that time he built up a great empire .
He made a list of constellations , or groups of stars .
He made England 's laws better .
He made his way to the big marshes of Somerset .
He made the first star catalogue .
He made the Greek city - states a part of his empire .
He married when he was 19 , but he and his young wife went on living in the palace , shut off from the rest of the world .
He may get an illness caused by disease germs .
He may get them through impure milk or water .
He may perform feats that he could not perform if he were not hypnotized .
He may say ridiculous things he would not think of saying ordinarily .
He may think that the chieftain is summoning his warriors .
He merely takes the check to his own bank .
He must be able to shoot with either hand and be able to handle a piston , a rifle , a shotgun , and a submachine gun .
He must keep on the road , and he must not fly too high or too low .
He must know perfectly all the sounds that can be created by the different instruments of an orchestra .
He must not just copy the ideas of other people .
He must try to get the listener to feel these moods through his music .
He must weld these different sounds together to form a work of art .
He played by himself most of the time .
He presses his thumbs and fingers into the clay in just the right places to push it into the shape he wants .
He ranks as one of the world 's greatest composers .
He reads the material about dinosaurs in this encyclopedia and decides to copy it in his paper .
He rules for 45 years .
He said that he would be ashamed to put a printed book in his library .
He said that the earth is one of the sun 's families of planets and that it spins on its axis as it travels around the sun .
He sang in a church choir .
He saw dark - skinned people with straight black hair and called them Indians .
He saw four of the moons of Jupiter .
He says and does what the person who hypnotized him tells him to .
He sent Hans to school .
He sent some of his men far and wide to bring back material for filaments to his laboratory in Menlo Park , N . J .
He sent them home to bring Jacob and their wives and children back with them .
He set for himself the task of finding out whether the paths of the plants were perfect circles .
He simply runs the machine with makes something someone else has planned .
He spent five years there studying astronomy and mathematics and medicine .
He spits in his hand before he touches a new weapon which he will use .
He started a school of philosophy there .
He still had time to study astronomy .
He studies to be a doctor and then to be a minister .
He taught him all that he thought was best in the Greek way of living .
He taught his pupils to be honest and kind , to honor their parents , and to obey their rules .
He taught them that a good man never lets himself get angry .
He taught them that one should accept his meekly , no matter what that fate was .
He then carries food to the mother bird everyday .
He then mates animals that he thinks may have offspring of the kind he has a mind .
He though , and since Asia stretches so very far eastward , it must curve a large part of the way around the earth .
He timed them by counting his pulse .
He told the inventor to get a common garden variety of job and stick to it .
He took his thousands of Mongol soldiers to fight against China .
He traveled over many lands and founded churches in many places .
He tried to unite the people he conquered into one people .
He wanted a tenth of all the riches he brought back .
He wanted Damocles to know that a ruler 's life is not easy - that often his life is in danger .
He wanted to buy for himself what he needed for his experiments .
He wanted to conquer more of the world .
He wanted to learn more about it .
He was a Mongol .
He was even imprisoned and threatened with death for some of his beliefs .
He was given the position of great importance .
He was greatly loved .
He was more interested in trying to work out an explanation of what he had seen .
He was not nearly as big or as strong as the giant cave bears and some of his other animal enemies .
He was often worried about money , too .
He was Orville Wright .
He was tall and thin and sickly .
He was the first person to see mountains on the moon and sunspots on the sun .
He was to become almost as famous as Comlumbus , but not many people know him by his Polish name .
He was totally deaf .
He went out to meet the giant , armed with only a slingshot and five round stones gathered from a brook .
He will take this big animal back alive to a zoo .
He would be just as greatly surprised at our other domesticated animals .
He would be surprised not to see pigs rooting for garbage in the mud in the streets .
He would be surprised , too , at all the care that cities now take to keep dangerous contagious diseases from spreading .
He would do the same with a lump of gold of the same weight .
He would never have to pay the million dollars .
He would put the crown in it and measure the water the over flowed .
He would try to help people bear their sorrows .
He writes out an order to his bank to pay the car dealer the $ 3,000 
He wrote a book that completely changed the study of astronomy .
He wrote a number of books about his ideas .
He , of course , is a painter .
Health exercise that is fun help keep us well mentally .
Helicopter can rise straight up into the air and can go straight down .
Helicopters do not have wings .
Helium is a gas that will not burn .
Helping the government hire workers who will be loyal is another important task .
Hemisphere means half a sphere .
Her name was Pandora .
Herbs grow in different ways .
Herbs has still another meaning .
Hercules was given 12 labors to perform .
Here are some of the ideas people have of how some rules of etiquette came about .
Here chopped green cornstalks and others such plant food are stored for the cows to eat in winter .
Here it is warm all the year round .
Here the planes are warmed up .
Here the trees are bald cypress trees .
Hiero asks the famous scientist Archimedes to find out .
Himalayas means home of snow .
Hipparchus ( 190 - 120 B . C ) , was a Greek .
Hippopotamus comes from Greek words meaning river horse .
His altimeter tells him whether he is flying at the right height .
His answer was , i am hunting for an honest man .
His answers tell a great deal about what kind of person he is .
His bank then gets the money from Mr.Smith 's bank .
His beliefs make up one of the world 's great religions - Confucianism .
His bicycle was nicknamed a boneshaker because it jolted the rider so much .
His compass tells him in what direction he is going .
His father died when Confucius was only three years old .
His father was a king .
His father was a shoemaker .
His father , the khan of a tribe rib of Mongols , died when Temuchin was 13 , and the boy , therefore , became the new khan .
His father , who was a singer with the court band in Boon , Germany , drank a great deal , and was lazy besides .
His home was in the vast desert region of Asia called Mongolia .
His ideas seems so simple to us now that it is hard to understand why people fought so hard against them .
His lips are purple and his cheeks bluish because no red rays are reaching them to be reflected .
His men were disappointed that they found no great , rich cities .
His mind was so filled with other things that he let the cakes burn .
His mother was a daughter of a king .
His name in Chinese was Kung - fu - tee .
His name was Goliath .
His name was Thomas Edison .
His people did not want a young boy for a leader .
His printing office was set up in the baggage car of a train on which he worked .
His rule for leap years works well .
His soldiers were well trained .
His son became Alexander the Great .
His tutor was the famous Greek philosopher , Aristotle .
His work paved the way for marking the first good clock .
History is the story of how today came to be .
Hobby shows are held in many places .
Holes are made in the cheese to let air reach the mold .
Homer 's storypoems tell of the Trojan War and of other events in the days of the Greek kingdoms .
Homing pigeons can be used to carry messages .
Honey bee live in big groups .
Honey is made by honey bees .
Honeybees help us by making honey .
Horses , cows , camels , giraffes , and zebras are herbivorous , too .
Hospitals serve another important purpose , too .
Hot Springs , Arkansas , was named for nearby hot springs .
Hot water does not flow from a geyser all the time as it does from a hot spring .
Hotels are a big business .
Hour after hour Beethoven had to practice on the violin and the clavier .
Hour after hour they watched .
How do you show respect to rulers ?
How do you sweat ? is really like saying , how are you ? .
How hard it would be for him to understand how all the dozens of kinds of modern dogs have been developed from the dog that shared his fireside .
How long a camel can go without eating depends on how quickly it uses up is stored food .
How long is it until vacation ?
How should a person dress for different special occasion ?
How should friends greet each other ?
How should older people be treated ?
How should strangers be introduced ?
How surprised Schoeffer would have been if he had known that copies of this book would someday be worth their weight in gold .
How , without machines or horses or oxen , and working only with tools of stone , they could cut them , take them to where they were wanted , and lift them into place is a mystery .
Hungary , Mexico , and the United States all produce fine opals .
Hwang Ho in Chinese means yellow river .
Hydrogen can be obtained easily .
Hydrogen is also the most abundant material in the universe .
Hydrogen is the lightest of all the chemical elements .
Hydrogen peroxide is written H2O .
Hydrogen , Iodine , Iron , Magnesium , manganese , Nitrogen .
Hypnotist sometimes give shows .
I gives you my heart is another way of saying I love you .
Icarus , while wearing wings , disobeyed his father Deadalus and flew too close to the sun .
Ice skates have been popular for many centuries .
Ice skating was probably used first as a means of getting from one place to another .
Ice water is almost always at hand .
Iceberg means mountain of ice .
Icebergs are a danger to ships .
If a basket maker is thinking only about making something that is big enough and strong enough to hold a bushel of potatoes , he is not an artist .
If a blank check is lost , no harm is done .
If a cave man could see a poodle or a Skye terrier or a Chihuahua , he might not even guess that it was a dog .
If a check that has been made out is lost or stolen , the bank can be told not to cash it .
If a person in armor wished to show a person he met that he was friend , he raised his visor or , better still , took off his helmet .
If a person is much taller than his fellows , he can , as a role , give pituitary gland the credit - or the blame .
If a person is sick with a fever , his skin is likely to be dry .
If a person wishes to stoop over to pick up a pin , the brain sends messages to muscles back , it also sends messages to muscles in the arms and fingers .
If a plane is on the right path , the pilot hears a certain signal .
If an airplane could travel as fast , it could fly across the United States from San Francisco to New York in less than three minutes .
If disk made up of the rainbow colors is whirled around very fast , the separate colors do not show .
If every year of ours were several days shorter than time it takes the earth to go around the sun , christmas would soon come in the middle of the summer .
If fish as a rule did not lay a great many eggs , fishes would soon disappear .
If Gutenberg and Schoeffer and Caxton could wander into one of our great book - making establishments of today , they would certainly be amazed at the changes that have taken place in book - making .
If he gets off the path to one side or the other , he hears a change in the signal .
If he lost his temper , he could not manage the horse .
If it fell , they knew that their leader was lost .
If it is discovered in time , the chances of curing it are very good .
If it is not working as hard , the food lasts for a long time .
If it were not for those warm winds , most of the northern half of the continent would be good for little except hunting and herding .
If may be love of God or love of country or love of nature .
If money is lost or stolen , there is little chance of getting it back .
If only a part of the sun 's disk is hidden , we say that there is a partial eclipse .
If so , the tops of these old volcanoes have been worn away by wind and water .
If so , they are called soldiers .
If someone commits a crime against the United State , the F . B . I tries to find out how the criminal is .
If the book is to be bound in cloth covers , the cloth is first cut from a roll into sections that will fit the book .
If the book passes inspection , it is ready to be packaged and shipped out .
If the camel is carrying a heavy load , it uses food fast .
If the coast of Norway alone were pulled out into a straight line , it would reach from the Arctic to the equator .
If the crown was pure gold , the amounts of water that overflowed would be the same .
If the hair should break , damocles would be killed .
If the lid of such a can were lying at the bottom of a river 20 feet deep , and that is not at all deep for a river , the water on top of it would weigh more than half a ton .
If the men who run the bank feel sure that Mr.Brown will be able to pay the money back , they lend it to him .
If the news had not been in the papers , few people would have know that the earth had a strange adventure .
If the passage were big and straight , the cold water at the top would gradually sink down and push up the hot water .
If the sun 's entire disk is hidden by the moon , we say that there is a total eclipse .
If the water is colored by algae , these springs are called paint pots .
If there is no fat , some of their body cells burn up instead .
If there were no air , the sky would be black .
If there weren't , there would be no food for the meat eaters .
If these nerves are out , no shock is given .
If they are from 9 to 12 years old ,they need about 2,500 calories a day 
If they do not get that many , some of their body fat burns up .
If we broke many of them , probably no one would have much to do with us .
If you are learning to do anything new , it is a good plan to make sure you are doing it the right way .
If you were to study a different kinds of beetle every day in the year , it would take you 60 years to study them all .
Illness made him become deaf when he was only 31 .
Imagine what a cave man would think of a modern dog show !
Imagining that a substance suddenly disappears helps us how important it is .
Important among them , in addition to the incandescent lamp , are motion pictures , the phonograph , the multiplex telegraph , the carbon telephone transmitter , and the microphone .
Improvements then came rapidly .
In 1066 William the Conqueror crossed over from Normandy and defeated Harold in the famous Battle of Hastings .
In 14K gold there are 14 part of gold to 10 part of another metal .
In 1506 he returned to Frauenberg and spent the rest of his life there .
In 1582 he asked an Italian astronomer to help him work out a better rule for leap years .
In 1588 Philip II was the ruler of Spain , which was then one of the strongest countries on the world .
In 1713 the British government offered a prize of 10,000 Pound to anyone who could make a timepiece that would keep really accurate time 
In 1782 the United States Congress chose the bald eagle as the national emblem .
In 1827 an American , Enoch Robinson , invented a way of pressing glass into shape in a mold instead of blowing it .
In 1831 Charler Darwin set sail from England on the Beagle for the five - years trip around the world .
In 1831 steam carriages carrying 18 passengers were making regular trips between cities in England .
In 1866 a Frenchman , Pierre Lallement , was given the first patent for the bicycle .
In 1871 a French scientist , Louis Delaport , was hunting for rare plants in the jungles of Indochina .
In 1885 Gottlieb Daimler successfully mounted a small model of this engine on a bicycle .
In 1905 , when Einstein was only 26 , four of his articles appeared in German magazine .
In 1912 the Tinatic the biggest passenger ship that had ever been built , was sunk by an iceberg in the North Atlantic .
In 1913 an American inventor as tried in the courts in New York for getting money through the mails for shares in a worthless invention .
In 1929 a zeppelin flew all the way around the world .
In 1933 , after Hitler came to power in Germany , einstein went to live in the United States .
In 1937 the great dirigible Hindenburg burned just after it reached the United States on a trip from Germany .
In 1950 newspaper headlines told about an earthquake that had destroyed the city of Cuzco in Peru .
In 1952 a young girl in Los Angeles wrote asking him how to solve one of her arithmetic problems .
In a big dictionary of the English language there are thousands and thousands of words .
In a calm voice the hypnotist tells his patient over and over to relax and fall asleep .
In a cotton fields ripe bolls , green bolls , white flowers and red flowers can all be seen at the same time .
In a fog it is easy for a ship to have a head - on collision with one .
In a grandfather clock a weight turns the wheels just as in earlier clocks .
In a huge sign in one of cities , electric lights spell out the words Electricity Your Servant .
In a sense the battery is called charging the battery .
In a short time Columbus was on his way back with 17 ships and over 1,000 men 
In a story about the Himalayas called Lost Horizon , there was a valley named Shangri - La .
In a thimbleful of air there are more atoms than you could count if you lived to be a million years old .
In a village one man may be a doctor , another a farmer , another a policeman , and so on .
In a way this story is a story of the author 's own life .
In addition to the natives of the Far North there are settlements of people from other parts of the world .
In Africa savages , greet one another by saying , how do you sweat ?
In all deserts there is very little water for plants to use .
In all Europe there is no better place for skating and skiing and mountain - climbing .
In all of them a falling weight turned the wheels around .
In America the idea of a saint changed to the idea of a jolly , fat man dressed in red who lives at the North Pole and rides in sleigh drawn by reindeer .
In an electric current electrons move through solids or liquids .
In an incandescent lamp something is heated white hot so that it glows .
In ancient Egypt the season when the Nile flooded the land was followed by the season when crops were planted and cared for .
In ancient Rome the rulers had attendants who carried axes to which bundles of rods were tied .
In ancient times chariots were used in processions , too .
In ancient times Greeks and Romans had many important ideas about art , literature , law , and religion .
In ancient times there were famous emerald mines near the Red Sea .
In ancient times travellers told many wild stories about the Dead Sea .
In answer to his prayers the goddess of love brought the statue to life .
In Athens these newly wealthy men compelled the ruling nobles to share the government with them and with all the citizens .
In atomic fission it is the nucleus that is split .
In Bach 's time he was famous as an organist , not as a composer .
In balloons they went higher in the air than anyone had ever gone before .
In biggest trunk was 13 feet across .
In Braille each letter is made of dots which are raises from the page .
In buds they are on the outside and help protect the rest of the flower .
In buying and using electrical appliances there are some terms everyone needs to know .
In classical times each town with its farmland was called a city - states .
In clubs and classes they can elect their officers .
In Concord , Mass , there is a monument to the first Concord grapevine .
In different parts of the world different animals are valued for the milk they give .
In dog shows today dogs of more than a hundred kinds , or breeds , are shown .
In early times men had to go only a little way from their homes to hun big - game .
In Egypt Joseph , when he grew up , won the favor of Pharaoh , the ruler of the land .
In electron tubes electrons move through a rare gas or through a vacuum .
In Europe during the Middle Ages monks helped care for the sick .
In Europe there are Lapps , and in Asia other peoples .
In every hive there is a queen bee that lays eggs .
In every place where there are any animals at all there must be some plant eaters .
In fact , for days or weeks or even months at a time in winter the sun does not rise at all .
In fact , its water is four or five times as salty as the water in the oceans of the world .
In fact , scientists are not sure that the great Ice Age is really over .
In fact , scientists believed that the wild ancestors of dogs were wolves .
In fact , some civilized people were cannibals .
In fact , they look much like large earthworms .
In fishes the cerebrum is hardly noticeable .
In flower buds they are wrapped around the stamens and pistils and help protect them .
In France little tickets used to be given to the people who were going to take part in a public ceremony .
In France , roquefort is made from sheep 's milk .
In front of the hangars there are aprons of concrete or asphalt .
In Germany , a few years later , men developed new ideas about engines .
In Gulliver 's Travels , gulliver visited a whole country of giants - the Brobdingnagians .
In Hades there was supposed to be a wide river - the Styx .
In Hammerfest , Norway , the Sun does not rise at all during the day .
In his time people thought that the Earth was the center of the Universe and that the Sun and all the stars turned around it .
In his work an artist often express some deep feeling .
In hot lands a few kinds of birds let the sun hatch their eggs for them .
In hot summer weather clothes should let the body 's heat escape .
In India 's big ports of Calcutta , Bombay , and Madras and in its other cities , are many wealthy , highly educated Hindus .
In it are the fingerprints of every known criminal in the whole country .
In it are the teachings of Christ which Christians try to follow .
In it he explained that the earth is not the center of the universe .
In it there are 3,000 rooms 
In it there are about 14,000 workers 
In Italy he watched the stars and kept records of what he saw .
In its big mouth it has some tusks which help it dig up plants by their roots .
In its long history it has changed in many ways .
In just the past few years it has gone ahead of Calcutta .
In lamps of the kinds used before the days of electricity , something has to burn to make light .
In Manchuria the winters are very cold .
In many big boats of today another kind of compass is also used .
In many big hotels there are exhibit rooms , ballrooms , flower shops , gift shops , barber shops , beauty shops , drugstores , and dress shops .
In many books the signatures are then sewed together on special machines .
In many countries a man to be polite often takes off his hat .
In many countries groups of children go about singing Christmas carols .
In many countries lands came to be set aside for royal hunting .
In many hospitals the government or some charity pays the expenses .
In many icebergs there are caves that have been carved out by the waves .
In many lands there are laws to protect the animals that are left .
In many of the valleys there are glaciers - rivers of ice .
In many parts of the world Christmas is likely to be a time of ice and snow .
In many places falls in the rivers can be used in making electricity to run machines in factories .
In many places in the Far North and the Far South they reach the sea .
In many places the earth 's crust is made up of layers of rock .
In many stories of giants , the giants are bad - tempered and cruel .
In many there are television sets .
In mills and factories they have many uses .
In most of its compounds hydrogen is well hidden .
In most of them their gods and goddesses play an important part .
In most parts of the world people have more clothes than they used to have .
In most places on land the heat of the sun melts all the winter snows away .
In most rooms there are telephone .
In New York , as all over the Earth , the day is 12 hours long on the first day of spring .
In Norse myths the frost giants waged an unending war with both gods and men .
In North America and Greenland there are Eskimos .
In one spot it spreads out so that it is like a broad lake .
In other parts of the world there are health resorts near hot springs .
In other places it rushes between steep cliffs .
In others there are teams .
In others they do not .
In parts of the world where living was difficult it became the custom in some tribes to kill and eat old people .
In paving a street or building a road , men often use a black , tar - like material .
In petrified wood there is no wood left at all .
In place of the pendulum there was a little flywheel and a very fine spring .
In place of the weight there was a mainspring .
In place that is sheltered from the north wind the temperature may at times go up to 100 degrees .
In places the Danube flows sleepily across level farmland .
In places the temperature may go down to 90 degrees below zero .
In places they have been pushed out of shape and crumpled up .
In radio tubes , heat is used .
In reading , he must notice both the number of dots and how they are arranged .
In recent times some parts of it have broken away completely .
In Roman times slaves did most of this copying .
In rough desert country , however , camels are still the best means of transportation .
In Shakespeare 's time a printer might listen to one of Shakespeare 's plays , write it down , and then print and sell it .
In size these lands vary greatly .
In size , china is as big as all Europe .
In social dancing two people dance together .
In some amber there are fossil insects .
In some countries Christmas presents are not given until January 6 , or Twelfth Night , the time when the Wise Men brought gifts to the baby Jesus .
In some countries that have become republics things have not gone well because the people were not used to making decisions for themselves .
In some electronic devices transistors are now taking the place of tubes .
In some games each person is for himself .
In some hospitals the patients pay for their care .
In some motels the service is as good as in big hotels .
In some places dense forest grew down to the edge of the sea .
In some places long ago they lived in such numbers that their shells made a layer hundreds of feet thick on the floor of the sea .
In some ways earth pig is a good name for this animal .
In some ways , however , all cells are alike .
In southern France and northern Spain there are many caves .
In stead he wrote a book about astronomy .
In still earlier times years were often named instead of numbered .
In that same year another German , Karl Benz , built a three - wheel car that was driven by a gasoline engine .
In the air there is very little water to act as a blanket , and the heat of the day escape very fast as soon as the sun goes down .
In the Americas and the Europe apes are seen mostly in zoos .
In the Battle of Marathon in 490 B . C the united Greek spears led by Athens defeated the Persian bows and arrows .
In the beginning , there was a long , long time when there were no living things on the earth .
In the Bible one date is in the first year of Cyrus , king of Persia .
In the blue square there are stars .
In the case of every element except hydrogen it has particles called neutrons in it , too .
In the center of asphalt is a liquid , but it is solid around the edges .
In the chart the four commonest elements in our bodies are marked with daggers .
In the chart the names of some elements are underlined .
In the cities of Asia today there are thousands of Buddhism temples .
In the cockpit of a modern airplane are rows upon rows of instruments and dials .
In the Commonwealth there are also many colonies and other areas which are ruled at least in part by Britain .
In the confusion of the fighting it was not easy to tell .
In the Cypress Gardens long moss hangs down from the trees .
In the days of our cave - man ancestors , people lived an average of less than 20 years .
In the days of our cave - man ancestors it did not seem that man had much of a chance to survive .
In the days of the ancient Greeks no one knew what amber was .
In the days when most work was done by hand there was not much time for fun .
In the days when Nebuchadnezzar was king of Babylon , daniel and many other Jewish children were taken to Babylon as captives .
In the earliest days of pottery all of it was shaped by hand .
In the early days of automobiles , car builders tried mostly to build a car that would work .
In the early days of aviation people were taking their lives in their hands when they rode in an airplane .
In the earth 's long history there have been times of much mountain building .
In the electric eye a sensitive metal plate gives out electrons when light rays fall on it .
In the Far North there are deserts even where there is much water in the soil .
In the Far South there are icebergs several miles across and as tall as a 50 storey building .
In the fourth year of Solomon 's reign over Israel is a Bible date , too .
In the future rocket - powered planes may very well be important .
In the grape - growing region near the Great Lakes many of the grapes grown are Concords .
In the hospitals of today sick people are look after by both doctors and nurses .
In the iris , for instance , they are .
In the light of a such a lamp the petals of the rose would still look red .
In the lower part of the atmosphere the particles of air are much closer together than they are high above the surface of the earth .
In the Middle Ages alchemists spent their lives trying to change cheaper metals into gold .
In the Middle Ages stained glass windows were made of small piece of beautifully colored glass help together by strips of lead .
In the Middle Ages the faces of men in armor were hidden by the visors of their helmets .
In the middle of the winter the sun does not appear for days or even weeks at the time .
In the Milky Way there are about 100,000 million stars 
In the northern part of Chile several years may go by without a single drop of rain .
In the picture a dry cell is furnishing the current for an electric bell .
In the picture tube in a television set , high voltage frees the electrons .
In the push button there are two metal connections .
In the Sahara regular bus and truck lines now operate across parts of the desert .
In the same way , a hawk is much more like an eagle than it is like a woodpecker .
In the same way , no one thinks he is an artist when he dances a square dance , but ballet dancing is an art .
In the same way , part of the floor of the sea was once dry land .
In the same way , their sign for the sound of R was first the picture of a head , their sign for of a house , their sign for the sound of B was a plan of a house , and their sign that became our A started as the picture of an ox .
In the same way , the Indians of the American Southwest make lovely silver jewelry set with turquoise .
In the sea battle of Salamis in 480 B . C the Athenians defeated the Persian navy .
In the single day at Midway there are more than 1000 landings and take - offs .
In the sky there are two constellations called the Great Bear and the Little Bear .
In the southern part of thee peninsula the winters are long and cold and the summers short .
In the Spanish fleet there were 131 ships .
In the spring trees send out new leaves .
In the story a Fox saw a bunch of grapes hanging from a vine .
In the struggle to live , this plant or animal is the one most likely to survive .
In the sunshine all the colors of the rainbow may be seen in an icebergs .
In the United States a person must reach a certain age ( 21 years in most States ) to be able to vote and thus to take part in the government .
In the United States it is made from cow 's milk and is called blue cheese .
In the United States these dogs have been the most popular at one time or another since 1900 : St . Bernard , English setter , collie , Boston terrier , Airedale , German shepherd , and cocker spaniel .
In the whole world there are about 14,000 kinds 
In the whole world there are nearly a million different kinds of animals .
In the whole world there are only five mountains more than five miles high .
In the winter the weather is bitterly cold .
In their valleys there is much very fertile soil .
In them animals talk .
In thermometers , as a rule , it is colors red or blue .
In these gardens there are plants from all over the world .
In these pools scientists have found many wonderful fossils of mammoths , saberteeth , vultures , and other animals of the great Ice Age .
In this way it is very different from Europe and Asia .
In this way they are different from t he monkeys , which are primates , too .
In those days all Europe , it seemed , was going exploring .
In those days every nation in Europe wanted to find a short trade route to the Far East .
In those days Greece was made up of many small city - states .
In those months the northern hemisphere gets more hours of sunlight than southern hemisphere .
In Tibet it is etiquette to stick out your tongue when guests leave .
In time the Egyptian drove out their conquerors .
In time the mud in which they were made became solid rock and the footprints were saved .
In time there was a famine in the land where Joseph 's father and brothers lived .
In time they begin crowding other cells and stealing food the other cells need .
In time they had black , silver , and spotted , or calico , goldfish .
In time they learned to put on a waterproof glaze .
In time this limy mud hardened into solid stone .
In time , ancient warriors wore not satisfied with just shields .
In time , man saw that there were seasons which followed one another in regular .
In trying to find out , he discovered the laws of gravity and motion .
In various ways we are far behind some of our mammal relatives .
In very early times there were no books , because people did not know how to write .
In wartime , guarding part of the work of the F . B . I .
In wide stretches , however , there are almost no people at all .
In winter their heavy coats are a wonderful protection from the cold .
In World Wars I and II soldiers wore steel helmets in battle .
In Yellowstone Park the bears appear to have always looking for food .
In zoos they try all sorts of tricks to make the visitors give them something to eat .
In zoos we see many African animals .
Inca potato would be a better name for it .
Inca priests knew a great deal above the sun and the planets and the stars .
Ink is older than paper .
Inns were built .
Inside ovules there are female cells called eggs .
Inside the grains of pollen there are male cells called sperm cells .
Inside this letter 0 there would be room for thousands of bacteria .
Instead of disappearing , the moon looks dull red .
Instead they are formed inside the shells of pearl oysters and their relatives .
Instead they are run by electricity .
Instead , a geyser is quite for the time .
Instead , a great may pages are printed at one time on a large sheet of paper .
Instead , he returned good for the evil they had done him .
Instead , it was solid mass which tasted quite different from anything the Arab had ever eaten .
Instead , sheets or pages of papyrus were pasted together to form a long strip .
Instead , the fables were told aloud by storytellers and were handed down from generation to generation .
Instead , their color comes from the way tiny cracks in them break up the light that strickens them .
Into these times one China 's great leaders was born .
Invincible means cannot be defeated .
Iron , for instance , is one of the elements .
Is made by the union of two other cells .
Is there any reason why he shouldn't ?
Isaac Newton ( 1642 - 1727 ) , the most famous English scientist of all time , wondered what keeps the moons and planets in their paths .
It acts as a mirror .
It also breathes , moves about , and produces more one - celled animals like itself .
It also gives the scientists ' way of writing the name of each element - its symbol .
It also helps keep our bodies the right temperature , and it gets rid of some waste .
It also makes blood rush through the body faster , carrying food and oxygen .
It also puts back the water we lose when we perspire .
It always comes on Sunday , and the Sunday is always in either March or April .
It began as a kind of entertainment in the courts of the rulers of Italy .
It began to moving .
It begins the lord is my shepherd .
It belongs to the same family as the fig and the mulberry .
It burns with a hot , blue flame .
It came from the fable The Fox and the Grapes .
It can also be made from molasses , potatoes , and fruits .
It can also close its nose and stay under water for a few minutes at a time .
It can be acted out .
It can be given beautiful colors .
It can be taken out of some of the compounds it is in .
It can be told in music .
It can be told in pictures .
It can be told in words .
It can be very beautiful .
It can continue until it is 25 or 30 .
It can lick up the termites fast with it long , sticky tongue .
It can never be later than April 25 .
It can push in the opposite direction from the fingers and can thus help us hold things tightly .
It can then see , hear , and breathe , and still be well hidden by the muddy water of the river .
It changed to solid ice .
It changed to the material we call amber .
It changes because of the journey of the Earth around the Sun .
It contracts , or gets smaller , when it is cooled .
It cost $ 3,000 with him 
It could be wiped off with a sponge .
It covers almost a square mile .
It dams the Columbia River .
It did not seem that there was much more for it to do .
It does fly because of the work which the wings and the propeller do .
It does not burn up - at least , not for a long time .
It does not get deeper because the water in it evaporates very fast .
It does not have any big bays .
It easy to see how they came to be called watches .
It ended as the period of classical Greece began .
It erupts every 65 minutes or so .
It flows through arteries in the lungs , then into veins and back to the heart to start over again .
It furnishes the sparks that keep all the parts of our bodies doing their work well .
It gathers this mud in the mountains and hills to the west of the great plain through which it flows to the sea .
It get so hot that it begins to boil and form steam .
It gets its name because it is slender like an eel .
It gives Darwin 's ideas of how all the plants and animals of today have come from the very simple plants and animals that first lived on the Earth .
It gives the ocean its name .
It gives us energy for work and play .
It gives us the light and heat that make life on earth possible .
It gives us the oxygen we need in order to live .
It glowed with a beautiful soft light .
It goes up for several hundred miles .
It got its name china because the Chinese first found out how to make it .
It governs the life of the cell and makes the cell do the work it is supposed to do .
It grew colder in the Far North .
It had gone far from Spain when it met a terrible storm .
It had so many new ideas in it that he is called the father of modern astronomy .
It has 18 parts of gold to 6 part of another metal .
It has already gone through the tail of one .
It has benefited people and governments to work for good health .
It has coal and copper and lead and zinc .
It has come down to us almost as he made it .
It has earned that name .
It has large dining rooms and rooms where big meetings can be held .
It has many millions of people .
It has many more people than there are in the west .
It has solved many puzzling cases .
It has to be especially strong at the base , because there the pressure of the water it is holding back is greatest .
It holds back the water of the stream .
It honored the goddess Athena , the protector of Athens .
It is 2,700 miles long , one of the ten longest rivers in the world 
It is a cerebrum which is gray on the outside .
It is a good idea to practice the rules of good health so well that they get to be habits .
It is a good name for this group of animals .
It is a gyroscope compass or gyrocompass .
It is a Latin name which tells the animal 's genus and species .
It is a much closer relative of the pig .
It is a part of North America .
It is a title instead .
It is a very old science .
It is a white cheese streaked with blue - green .
It is a wonder that the boy did not hate music .
It is about 1,000 feet lower than Everest 
It is about the same shape and weighs less than a pound .
It is about the size of the United States , but it has less than three times as many people in it as there are in Chicago .
It is above us and below us and on all sides .
It is also cultivated in the United States , China , and Japan .
It is as big as the two Americas .
It is bad manners to mop up your plate with a piece of bread or to tip your soup dish to get the last drop of soup .
It is between Turkey in Europe and Turkey in Asia .
It is bigger than Africa and Europe put together .
It is called a pedigree .
It is called a sea because its water is salty .
It is called corundum .
It is called the equator .
It is called the nucleus .
It is called volcanic glass , or obsidian .
It is crushed into fine grains before it is used .
It is easy to buy ready - made clothes now , too - clothes made in factories .
It is easy to draw an outline map of Africa .
It is easy to see how this rule came about .
It is easy to see that printers , bookbinders , weavers , potters , and furniture makers may be artists or may not be .
It is easy to see that some breeds are better for helping in one way and other breeds for helping in another way .
It is easy to see that the amount of milk a cow gives means a great deal to a dairy farmer .
It is easy to see why C was chosen to stand for carbon and O for oxygen .
It is easy to see why .
It is easy to trace the alphabet back to the ancient Romans and from them to the Greeks .
It is easy to turn a globe so that only two continents show - North American and South America .
It is famous because it told so much in so few words .
It is fired at least once more and perhaps several times .
It is found in damp ground and stagnant water in almost all parts of the world .
It is found , as scientists say , only in compounds .
It is full of air .
It is G men , short for government men .
It is good , therefore , for a person to have a hobby .
It is hard for anyone to be deaf .
It is hard to believe that the four - winged insect that finally flies away was once a crawling caterpillar .
It is hard to imagine how many changes it took to produce all the different kinds of plants and animals in the world today .
It is hard to imagine how much milk the people of a big country need .
It is hard to see how they can build such nests without any build such nests without any hands .
It is in the group now called the Bahamas .
It is little flattened at the poles .
It is made in a female organ called an ovary .
It is made in a male organ called a testis .
It is made of millions and millions of stars .
It is more than 4 , 00 miles wide where Columbus crossed it .
It is mostly fat and protein .
It is Mt . McKinley ,20,320 feet high 
It is much easier for one person to make a decision than for millions of people to make one through the people they elect .
It is much heavier than air .
It is named from the crude stone weapons the cave men used .
It is never put into a ballet unless it fits the story .
It is no wonder that helium was found first in the sun .
It is no wonder that they had that idea .
It is not always easy to tell whether a scale - wing is a moth or a butterfly .
It is not as light as hydrogen , but it is much safer .
It is not called amethyst unless it is lavender or purple .
It is not easy for scientists to get the figures for this kinds of chart .
It is not easy to choose leaders wisely .
It is not hard deathtraps worked .
It is not surprising that air is invisible , for air is made up of gases , and most gases are invisible .
It is not surprising that most deep - sea creatures are small .
It is not surprising that they did , for the Incas were sun worshipers .
It is not surprising that they do , since they live under very different conditions .
It is not , however , always a smooth and safe one .
It is on an excellent harbor .
It is on many of the nation 's coins and seals and medals .
It is only about half an inch long .
It is raised for its roots .
It is raised in fields that can be flooded .
It is rather glassy , and it is made in such a way that some light can shine through it .
It is rather rare on earth , while almost half the sun is made up of it .
It is really a lake , not a sea .
It is so light that it can lift a ballon high into the air .
It is surprising what strange and unusual hobbies one finds out about at these shows .
It is the blanket of air that makes the sky look blue .
It is the day we celebrate as the birthday of Jesus .
It is the idea back of democracy .
It is the lightest material in the world !
It is the most powerful shock found among the electric fishes .
It is the part that makes it possible for us to hear and talk .
It is the part which enables us to think and remember and imagine .
It is the same for grown people , too .
It is the State of Vatican City .
It is the story of what people all through the ages have thought and done and of what has happened to them .
It is the study of animals .
It is the study of plants .
It is the word copyright .
It is thought that 3,000 years ago they were already irrigating little farms , raising silkworms , and weaving silk cloth 
It is true that four of the planets in our sun 's family are much bigger than the earth .
It is true that in some ballets the dancers do dance on their toes .
It is true , too , that our sun is one of the smaller suns , or stars .
It is used as a weather station .
It is used in candy , ointments , and soaps .
It is used in such things as salad dressing and soap .
It is used in tooth powders and soft polishing powders .
It is usually dull green , and it has small fins and a short tall .
It is , moreover , one of the most important rivers in the world .
It is , moreover , the world 's saltiest ocean .
It is : If a year 's number can be divided by 4 , it is a leap year unless it can be divided by 10 .
It looked as if all Europe would fall into his hands .
It looked like frosted glass , but in spots it glistened more than glass ever glistens .
It makes it possible for us to see and smell and taste and feel what we touch .
It makes them stagger when they try to walk .
It makes them talk strangely , too , and not very intelligently .
It may be a feeling of calm or excitement .
It may be a maple tree or an elm or an oak .
It may be as thick as bread dough .
It may be at a place where a branch joins the trunk .
It may be joy or sorrow or feat .
It may be painted on after the first glazing .
It may be painted on before glazing .
It may be put on by adding extra clay before the first firing .
It may be that our earliest ancestors were giants .
It may be the oldest art of all .
It may come instead from a power plant at waterfall that is more than 100 miles way .
It may eat a hundred thousand at one meal .
It may even be found inside the bodies of other animals .
It may flow slowly out of the ground and collect in pools .
It may grow to a length of five feet and a width of three feet .
It may have been a coin in a pirate 's buried treasure .
It may have been the first real clock .
It may make it spread out to form a big lake .
It may mean a plant from which medicine is made .
It may sometimes be given more than one layer of glaze .
It may take only 20 minutes for one of these tiny plants to grow up and then divide .
It mean also studying government and ideas of right and wrong .
It means foods for the gods .
It means plants used to flavor other foods .
It means , no one has a right to copy and sell this or any part of it unless the author or publisher say that he may .
It measures 24,860 miles around through the poles 
It measures 24,902 miles at the equator 
It measures just over 29,000 ft 
It melted back so that most of North America was out from under it .
It might be a shield , or a fan of feathers , or a figure of some animal .
It might be called making animals to order .
It might even be the figure of a god .
It moved over hills and valleys , rivers and forests .
It moved slowly - perhaps only a foot a day .
It must also be able to stand the swaying caused by the wind .
It must be curved so that the air pushing against it will make it do its stunts .
It must be heated in clay pots , iron ones would not stand the heat .
It must be strong enough to stand the weight of the loads that will go across it .
It must carry food and oxygen to all parts of the body and take away waste materials .
It must have very solid foundations .
It needs several bushels of food a day .
It often looks furry .
It often took months , sometimes years , of hard work for the monks to copy a single book by hand .
It points to the north magnetic pole , which is several hundred miles from the true North Pole .
It probably was a seed of the wild fox grape , but its grapes were different from any other grape and very good .
It promises to unlock many secrets for us .
It provides the materials for growing and for repairing worn - out parts .
It ran into one storm after another .
It reaches across the East River .
It reaches from San Francisco across the Golden Gate .
It reflects them to our eyes .
It requires great skill and much practice .
It rushes off into small streams and makes the streams overflow .
It says that the flag should fly only from sunrise to sunset .
It seems like magic that something so big and heavy can fly .
It seems to circle around the North Star .
It shows when they lived and gives the names of one or two of their works .
It simply divides into two .
It sounds much easier to build a wall across a stream than it is .
It spent most of its time in swamps eating the plants that grew there .
It spins around an imaginary line which we call its axis .
It spreads over most of what was British India .
It stands captivity well .
It still grows wild in the northern part of South America .
It stretches all the way from Africa to the East Indies and Australia .
It stretches westward from the Pacific Ocean for more than 2,000 miles 
It takes in food , digests it , and throws away the waste .
It takes many messages for even so simple an action .
It takes so long that the painters are always at work on it .
It takes the earth a year to make its journey around the sun .
It takes the earth about 365 1 / 4 days to travel around the sun .
It tells , too , about the beginning of the Christian church .
It tells the story of the Hebrew people , in it , too , are the teachings of the Hebrew prophets .
It tells , too , something about his duties and what his rank is .
It took a long time to make a good piece of glass and a very long time to train a good glass blower .
It took million of millions of changes for the oak tree to be produce .
It took millions of millions of changes for the whale to come from the first living thing .
It took Temuchin many years to earn his title of Genghis Khan .
It took two hands to read a roll book .
It travels around the sun just as all the other planets do .
It tries to prevent crime .
It turned out that old house had wavy glass in its windows .
It turned out to be a big diamond .
It used be that almost everyone who made something had a chance to be an artist .
It used to be easy to tell what country a person was from by looking his clothes .
It walked on its hind legs and used the sharp claws on its front feet to help kill other animals .
It was 18 to 29 feet tall and had teeth several inches long .
It was 47 years before the prize was won .
It was a beautiful valley in the midst of the bleak , snow - covered mountains .
It was a buggy with a two - cylinder engine fastened to the back axle .
It was a sign of lack of respect not to do so .
It was a success .
It was against the rules of etiquette for the cardinal to lie down while his King was either standing or sitting .
It was almost unbearably hot in summer and miserably cold in winter .
It was an order of his that sent Joseph and Mary to Bethlehem .
It was built in 1902 .
It was called the Invincible Armada .
It was covered up promptly with sand or mud .
It was covered with sand and mud .
It was cut into nine big diamonds and many small ones .
It was easier for them to do business with one another if their places of business were near each other .
It was easy to see that they could have five 31 - day months and seven 30 - day months .
It was first made in Roquefort , France .
It was followed by the Age of Trilobites .
It was founded by bishops in Caesarea , a city near the eastern shore of the Mediterranean Sea .
It was Friday , the 3rd of August , 1492 .
It was highly spiced and strong with pepper .
It was made from galls from oak trees .
It was made from the stems of a water plant that grew along the Nile River .
It was made in very much the same way we make plaster casts .
It was made of two wheels joined by a wooden bar .
It was mined in South Africa in 1905 .
It was Moses to whom God gave the Ten Commandments .
It was much wanted for its beauty .
It was named for Edmun Haley , a famous English astronomer .
It was not at all easy to take a bubble of glass and flatten it out into a flat sheet .
It was not so well built as the cathedrals of Europe .
It was not until Buddha was 29 that he found out that there was a great deal of suffering in the world .
It was published in 1543 .
It was purified and sweetened .
It was scarce , but not too scarce .
It was the Chrysler Building .
It was through the tail of this comet that the earth passed in 1910 .
It was traveling less than three miles an hour !
It was very , very expensive .
It was won by a timepiece that lost less than 2 minutes on an ocean voyage of 5 months .
It weighed 3,106 carats 
It weighed 726 carats .
It would be easy to catch the spoon in a sleeve and upset the cup .
It would be even harder to read a book that had some lost some of its pages .
It would be foolish for an Arab and an Eskimo to dress in the same way .
It would be perfectly safe for anyone to offer a million dollars for the backbone of a mosquito .
It would include the stories of the founders of great religions - Jesus , Mohammed , confucius , and Buddha .
It would mash us flat if the air and blood inside us did not push out just as hard as the air outside is pushing in .
It would not be easy to read a book that had some of its pages crumpled up .
It would not be easy to read a storybook that had been thrown in a fire several times .
It would not shine if the sun did not shine on it .
It would take many , many maps like this one to tell the whole story of how land and sea have changed .
It would tell about the rise and fall of great empires such as Babylonia and Persia .
It would tell of conquering hordes and their leaders .
It would tell of many inventions made in Asia and carried from there to many other parts of the world .
Italy , one of the large ones , is about the size of Arizona .
Its body decayed , but it left a space where it had been .
Its coast line is almost smooth .
Its cows are plant lice .
Its feet are bare .
Its home is an central Asia .
Its name comes from the Greek word for sun .
Its name means thunder lizard .
Its northern coast borders the Arctic Ocean .
Its offspring inherit the difference .
Its other fins help it keep its balance .
Its pedals were attached to the front wheel .
Its people elect most officials of the government - the law - makers as well as other government officers .
Its people had been hightly civilized .
Its queer name is made from two Dutch words meaning earth and pig .
Its shines even at the midnight .
Its top is always covered with snow .
Its waters wash the whole southern coast of the great continent of Asia .
Its whole name is Arabian Night 's Entertainments .
Jacob loved Joseph so much that he gave him a beautiful coat of many colors .
Jesus lived nearly 2,000 years ago 
Jesus taught that every human being is important in the eyes of God .
Jesus told his followers that they should follow these two important commandments above all else :
Jet planes have engines of a very different kind from those in the big airliner in the picture .
Jets must have oxygen from the air in order to burn their fuel .
Johann then took the book secretly and copied all the music by moonlight .
JonhannesKepler ( 1571 - 130 ) was a German .
Joseph and his family were Hebrews .
Joseph was the son of Jacob .
Joseph 's ten older brothers were jealous of him because he was their father 's favorite .
Julius Caesar named a month for himself - July .
Julius Caesar was a great warrior .
Julius Caesar was more than a good warrior .
Just above his head a very sharp sword hung by a single hair .
Just the names of all the British lands would take a whole page the size of this one .
Just when people learned to make glass no one knows .
Kangaroos can be taught to box .
Kerosene is burned in a kerosene lamp and gas is burned in a gas lamp .
Kew Gardens are on the edge of London .
Khan means ruler .
Kittens will play with a ball with their front paws .
Knowing about electrons helps us understand charge of frictional electricity , too .
Knowing that a big steam engine is made mostly of iron does not help us know about its parts and how it works .
Later Brazil and other countries of South America began to cultivate it .
Later came striking sparks from stones , and using a burning glass .
Later he gave him money for travel .
Later he was called Buddha .
Later it was made somewhat higher .
Later men learned to draw pictures , to write , and much later , to print .
Later scientists discovered that other materials would act like amber .
Later the gum from various other trees was tried , and a cheap chewing gum was made from paraffin .
Later the gum hardened into amber .
Later the rulers of Russia became interested in ballet .
Later the same day his brother Wibur flew for 59 seconds !
Later , in ancient Athens , vessels of all shapes and sizes were decorated with beautiful paintings .
Latin America is a name one often hears .
Latin America is made up of Mexico and the countries of Central America and South America .
Latin America is the part of the Americas where Spanish or Portuguese both come from the old Latin language .
Learning about the people of long ago through the belongings they left behind is called archeology .
Legend says that he was so busy when the Roma soldiers came that he did not even look up .
Less than 300 years ago , for instance , a sea captain brought to Scotland some people he said he had rescued from a wicked magician on an island west of Ireland .
Life in the lands they overran came to be not very much better than the life lived by the cave men in much earlier days .
Light can come into it only when a shutter is pulled away from a small opening at the front .
Light has to shine on the picture and then bounce up to our eyes .
Like all living things , they are made of tiny blocks of living material called cells .
Like all the countries on the northern shores of the Mediterranean , greece has a good climate for olives , citrus fruits , grapes , and figs .
Like all their reptile relatives , alligators and crocodiles are cold blooded .
Like any other pet , a goldfish must have proper care and the right kind of place to live .
Like mammals , birds are warm blooded than ours .
Like many other plants , it grows and blooms and dies in one season .
Like most inventions , the audion tube was based on earlier discoveries and inventions .
Like the torpedoes , they are found in warm seas .
Limy mud filled up this space .
Lions and elephants , gorillas and giraffes , zebras and monkeys were among these animals .
Little by little he rebuilt his tribe .
Little by little he worked out his ideas of what people should believe and how they should live .
Little chickens and ducks are downy babies .
Little diamonds are set in tools for cutting or drilling through hard rock and metal .
Living in a damp , dark , dirty house may also help make him sick .
Lodestone is a kind of iron ore .
London Bridge is another .
London was almost ruined .
Long ago and in many different places the discovery was made that people can be hypnotized .
Long ago people discovered that gold can be hammered into very thin sheets , or gold leaf .
Long ago people had the idea that a crocodile shed tears when it ate a person .
Long ago people in different parts of the world discovered that some trees produce a gum which can be chew without disappearing .
Long ago , anyone could copy another author 's work .
Long ago , so long ago that no one knows when it was , people began to dance to express some of their feelings .
Long before those times , the Chinese had invented ways of living all their own .
Long caravans of camels are a common sight on the deserts of Asia and Africa .
Long , long ago they crossed from Asia to what is now Alaska .
Loose clothing is better than tight clothing because it allows the wearer to move about more easily and does not interfere with the circulation of the blood .
Lungfishes have both gills and lungs .
Lungfishes , however , have lungs , too .
Lungs are made of tiny air sacs joined by little tubes .
Machines make dairying easier than it used to be .
Machines were invented for making sheets of glass so clear and smooth that they are almost invisible .
Making a collection is the most common hobby .
Making a piece of china or pottery is not at all simple .
Making gestures and taking were probably the first ways of communicating .
Making glass is a little like making candy .
Making glass sounds simpler than it is .
Making the wheels turn around was easy .
Making wine from grapes goes back many centuries .
Many animals carry their own armor around with them .
Many animals have no special kind of breathing system .
Many animals live in groups .
Many animals moved south .
Many animals of the deep - sea eat other animals living there .
Many animals of the desert hide during the day when the sun is hot .
Many animals use their front feet as hands at times .
Many ants have cows .
Many baby hippopotamuses have been born in captivity .
Many balloons and rockets without people have gone high into the air , too .
Many banks have safe - deposit vaults .
Many batteries are made up on dry cells .
Many bears sleep during cold weather .
Many beetle are good friends of ours .
Many breeds belong to each group .
Many changes have been made over the years .
Many churchmen would call the idea a thread to religion .
Many cities have motorcycles police .
Many cities of the Middle Ages had walls around them .
Many countries where the people rule themselves are republics .
Many crystals are formed in rocks when hot rock that rises from deep in the earth cools .
Many dams serve more than one purpose .
Many deep - sea fishes have enormous jaws , teeth , and eyes .
Many deserts are rich storehouses of minerals .
Many different ideas arose of how Christ should be worshiped .
Many different materials are used in the many kinds of ink .
Many doctors are at work in hospitals , universities , and laboratories trying to learn what causes cancer .
Many electric appliances have cords made up of two wires with a plug at the end .
Many electric eels grow to a length of eight feet and a weight of 50 founds .
Many elements were hard to discover for they are never found free .
Many explorers have taken trips high into the atmosphere to find out more about it .
Many farmers use is as a fertilizer .
Many farms villages are on its banks .
Many fishes , for example , eat some of the tiny fish that hatch from their own eggs .
Many flowers do not have petals .
Many flowers do not have sepals .
Many fossils of leaves are casts .
Many Greek myths are nature myths .
Many grown people play games , too .
Many have either stamens or pistil but not both .
Many hot springs have craters around them .
Many islands of the Pacific are bordered by coral reefs .
Many jet planes do not .
Many kinds of fish live not far from that coast .
Many kinds of plants and animals that once were common have long since disappeared .
Many kinds of work go on at the airport .
Many large rivers rise in Europe 's mountains and flow to the sea .
Many men and women are several inches or even a foot or two taller than the average person .
Many men of learning arose in the Golden Age .
Many million of gallons of alcohol are used in the United States every year .
Many millions of India 's farmers live in this vast lowland in which the great Ganger River flows eastward .
Many millions of the people of Asia are Buddhists .
Many moths spend this stage in a cocoon .
Many of his relatives were musical .
Many of his sayings were gathered together and written down .
Many of our common sayings come from fable .
Many of our favorite stories have giants in them .
Many of the boys on basketball teams are so tall that in a way they are giants .
Many of the changes made on the earth in recent years are man - made .
Many of the countries are crowded .
Many of the early monasteries were partly hospitals .
Many of the evergreen trees that lived millions of years ago produced resin , too .
Many of the most famous paintings have been made for these temples or churches .
Many of the peaks are more than three miles high .
Many of the people who came to Australia to find gold stayed on to do other kinds of work .
Many of the pictures are on the ceilings .
Many of the pictures show animals which have not been in the region for a very long time .
Many of the pink blossoms fall of , but some stay on and grow into seed pods .
Many of the rivers are good highways .
Many of the small tropical fishes bear their young alive .
Many of the trees are live oaks , which are evergreen oaks .
Many of the words in our language came from Old English words .
Many of the workers go with her to a new home .
Many of them became farmers .
Many of them come from the icecap that covers most of Greenland .
Many of them left to join other tribes .
Many of them were among the ideas Europeans had when , many years later , america was discovered .
Many of these balloons were fills with hydrogen , the lightest gas known .
Many old castles in England and Ireland are haunted .
Many operas and musical shows use dances to help tell their stories .
Many orangutans live by themselves .
Many other animals have hearts .
Many paints , varnishes , perfumes , and hand lotions are part alcohol .
Many pairs of little muscles move our fingers and thumbs .
Many parts of our bodies are needed for changing food so that it can be used .
Many parts of the earth that are now dry were once covered with water .
Many pearls are formed , but no many are beautiful enough to be called gems .
Many people believe that mountains never change .
Many people call Genghis Khan the world 's greatest conqueror .
Many people feared the world would end .
Many people go ice skating just for the fun and the exercise .
Many people have formed the habit of standing or sitting in bad positions .
Many people have gone right through clouds in airplanes .
Many people have wrong ideas about how old some animals live to be .
Many people in lands like India and China are changing from the kinds of clothing worn in those countries for centuries .
Many people never guess that the pussies of the pussy willow and the tails of foxtail grass are bunches of flowers .
Many people put their money in a bank , .
Many people think of it as being farther south on the earth than it is .
Many people think that the opal , because of its fire , is the most beautiful of all gems .
Many people thought that they were losing 11 days out of their lives .
Many people today like chocolate and cocoa so much that they would agree that the cocoa tree deserves its name .
Many people who drove past it at night reported that they saw a ghost run through the house from front to back with a lighted lamp .
Many people who were watches carried little pocket sundials to really tell the time .
Many plants and animals that once lived on the earth have disappeared .
Many republics during the past half - century have fallen into the hands of dictators during a crisis .
Many rooms are air - conditioned .
Many scientists made themselves famous by discovering an element .
Many scientists think so .
Many ships were destroyed .
Many soldiers refused to wear such heavy armor , and finally no one wore it .
Many started sheep ranches .
Many stories were told about Diogenes .
Many thick books have holes drilled in them for the thread to go through .
Many things in new India are newer than the republic .
Many travellers in a desert have been stopped by floods .
Many turned driver or miner or mountain climber or airman .
Many vineyards in Europe were almost ruined .
Many watches had jewels set in either cases .
Many were killed .
Many wrong ideas about the Atlantic made early sailors unwilling to sail far out into it .
Many young Hindus study first in India Universities and then abroad .
Maps show , too , that there are several peninsulas in the peninsula of Europe .
Marie and Pierre knew that they had at last got a tiny bit of radium when they went back to their laboratory one night .
Marie continue her experiments for many years .
Marie Curie was born in Warsaw , Poland .
Marie had become interested in some strange rays certain rocks gave off .
Marie took her husband 's place as a teacher .
Marie went to Paris to live with her and attend the Sorbonne , a famous university .
Marie , however , was able to stay in school .
Marie 's three sisters and a brother were all older than she .
Markers can be put on the roofs of buildings underneath an airway .
Mary and Joseph are watching over him .
Meals can be served in the rooms .
Meat eaters - wolves and saberteeth - saw them and sprang on them .
Medea helped Jason secure the Golden Fleece .
Medieval history tells the story of the next 1,000 years 
Melbourne has only 9 hours of daylight .
Melbourne , australia has 15 .
Members voted by raising their hands .
Men inspect the book carefully to see that it fits perfectly in its case and that none of the pages are upside down .
Men learned to sail through the air from high places in gliders .
Men my have got the odea of armor from animals .
Mental diseases are among the most puzzling .
Merchants and workshop owners grew wealthy .
Merchants were needed .
Mermaids were part woman and part fish .
Mesmerism is an old name for hypnotism .
Microscopes , telescopes , and cameras would be useless without their glass lenses and mirrors .
Millions and millions of English Bibles have been sold .
Millions are sold each year for ponds and aquariums .
Millions of other farms are here and there on the higher land south of that lowland and in the strips of lowland along the coast .
Millions of trees and other plants were buried by the ice .
Millions of years earlier there were other ice ages .
Mills for weaving cloth from the cotton raised in India sprang up in Bombay .
Mining diamonds is not pleasant work .
Mixing is always the first step .
Modern books like this on go through a series of steps in which most of the work is done by machine .
Modern history begins not long after the New World was discovered .
Modern magnetic ship compasses are usually made up several magnets fastened to a flat disk called card .
Modern medicine started with the physician Hippocrates .
Monkeys climb over the walls , and orchids grow in the cracks .
Mont Blanc , exactly three miles high , is the highest of the Alps .
Months come out of their cocoons .
More copies of the Bible have been sold than of any other book ever written .
More important , some bacteria make dead plants and animals decay .
More of both are needed to link the rich mines and croplands in the interior with the ports on the coast and with the factories in the cities .
More people follow Christianity than any other religion of the world .
More snow fell in the winter than could melt away in the summer .
More than 1,500 lives were lost 
More than 150 years ago an Italian scientist named Volta found a way of getting an electric current .
More than 2,000 years ago Dionysius the Elder was the ruler of the old Greek city of Syracuse 
More than 2,000 years ago Plato , a famous Greek philosopher , wrote about a continent that he called Atlantis 
More than 25 Asia peaks are higher than any peaks in the other six continents .
More than 3,500 years ago Egypt was conquered by people from Asia 
More than 300 branches flow into it .
More than 4,000 years ago the Egyptians were writing with ink on papyrus 
More than a few times the river broke through and went racing to the sea over a new pathway .
More than a million of them live in its largest city , Mukden .
More than half of all the People in the world live in Asia .
More than half of all the people of the country live in its cities .
More than three fourths of all elements are solids .
More than two - thirds of the earth 's surface is covered with water .
Most acids cannot eat into it .
Most baby amphibians live in water and are much like baby fish .
Most baby fish have no chance of growing up .
Most banks pay a small amount for the use of the money left with them in savings accounts .
Most birds are well fitted for flying .
Most birds build nests for their eggs .
Most birds keep their eggs warm by sitting on them .
Most cells are far , far to small to be seen without a microscope .
Most cells have in them a tiny , round body of thickened protoplasm .
Most comets do not come close enough to the earth to be seen without a telescope .
Most cotton plants grow to be about three feet tall .
Most dancing is done to music .
Most deep - sea animals are small .
Most fables are about animals .
Most fishes are unable to breathe of water just as we are unable to breathe under water .
Most fishes have one eye on each side of their heads .
Most fishes have sacs filled with air inside their bodies .
Most fishes seem to have a very good sense of touch .
Most folk dances are lively and gay .
Most fossils are found in rocks formed under water .
Most household appliances are built for a voltage of either 110 or 220 .
Most important of all , they are good companions .
Most languages are written with alphabets much like ours - alphabets made from the one invented by the Semites long ago .
Most of Aesop 's fables are about animals that can talk .
Most of Alaska is a big peninsula on the northwest corner of North America .
Most of his music was written for the organ .
Most of his music was written to be played of sung in churches .
Most of South America is south of it .
Most of south America , therefore , has winter when North America is having summer and the other way round .
Most of the airways across the Pacific go by way of Honolulu .
Most of the bees in a hive are workers .
Most of the caterpillars that do great harm are the caterpillars of moths .
Most of the constellation names we use came down to us from the Greeks and Romans .
Most of the eastern tribes have disappeared entirely .
Most of the old testament was first written in Hebrew .
Most of the others are gases .
Most of the people in China live in the southeastern part of the huge country .
Most of the people of Greece today get their living from the soil and the sea just as the ancient Greek did .
Most of the people were hopelessly poor .
Most of the pictures here show pottery of long ago .
Most of the places where the hot rock is rather close to the top of the ground are near volcanoes , either dead ones and ones that are still active .
Most of the plants and animals that live in the ocean remain in the top 600 - foot layer .
Most of the plants we see today have flowers .
Most of the rest of the air is nitrogen .
Most of the work which is now done by machine had to be done by hand in the days of Gutenberg and Schoeffer and Caxton .
Most of the world 's longest bridges are suspension bridges .
Most of them are in national forests .
Most of them are red , but there are brown , yellow , green , and black garnets , too .
Most of them are tiny , but some are quite large .
Most of them have been discovered in pictures taken through telescopes .
Most of them have what we think of as a fish shape .
Most of them live by fishing and hunting .
Most of this huge country is in Asia .
Most of those without petals must depend on the wind to carry their pollen .
Most of us no longer believe in these old superstitions .
Most people shudder at the thought of eating other people .
Most sports call for special equipment .
Most students of hypnotism believe that a person will do nothing which is opposed to his deeply felt ideas of right and wrong .
Most things in the new republic were there before 1947 .
Motel is short for motoring hotel .
Moths and butterflies have six legs .
Moths as a rule fly at night .
Moths usually hold their flat or in a roof like position .
Motor scooters are driven by very simple gasoline engines .
Motorcycles are bicycles that are driven by engines .
Motorcycles are cheaper to buy than automobiles and much cheaper to run .
Motorcycles are useful for delivering small articles .
Mountains can be made in different ways .
Moving picture cameras are much like other cameras .
Mt . Everest is the highest of them .
Mt . Kanchenjunga is the most beautiful of the five great peaks .
Much alcohol is used today as a fuel .
Much beautiful pottery is being made today , too .
Much beautiful turquoise is mined in the southwestern part of the United States .
Much cotton is picked by hand .
Much gold , for instance , goes into fillings for teeth .
Much later the Romans , who conquered Alexander 's empire , carried Greek ideas to western Europe .
Much later , when there were kings and countries , noblemen went big - game hunting for sport .
Much money today is paper money , but governments still have stores of gold .
Much of Africa is a great plateau high above the sea .
Much of Europe 's very long history is a story of struggle .
Much of it is just for fun .
Much of it is used to dissolve substances which water will not dissolve .
Much of it was in the high Andes Mountains .
Much of it , therefore , has summer the year round .
Much of the Arctic Ocean is covered with ice year in year out .
Much of the fun of big - game hunting is the adventure of going to faraway places .
Much of the Netherlands is on the delta of the Rhine .
Much of the pottery of today is made with molds .
Much of the western coast is dry and barren .
Much of the writing done then is as clear today as if it had just been done .
Much old - fashioned jewelry is set with garnets .
Much spare time is now spent on hobbies .
Mummies that have been found in Egyptian tombs were wrapped in linen .
Music as we know it today began with Johann Sebastian Bach .
Music is also an ancient art .
Music , too , is one of the arts .
Mussolini was the Fascist leader .
Myriam then stepped forward and offered to bring a nurse to take care of the baby .
Near Niagara Falls there is a big plant for making carborundum .
Near the equator , in the dark , tangled forests , rain falls almost every day .
Near the waiting rooms there are concrete ramps .
Nearly 200 years ago men first went soaring up above the earth .
Nearly 2000 years after he died , the people of Europe were still slow to believe anything which did not agree with his teaching .
Neither is the jellyfish , the crayfish nor any of the shellfish .
Neither would any other flowering plants .
Nerve cells have every irregular shapes .
Nerves run from these sections to the brain .
Never before had they been out of sight of land for so long .
New animals branch off from old ones .
New ones keep being found .
New snowball bushes must be raised from branches of old ones .
New ways of helping India 's farmers are being worked out .
Newspaper carried the news in advance .
Newts and salamanders are fairly common .
Next come several truss spans .
Next to the Volga , it is the longest river in Europe .
Nicolas Otto made an engines in 1876 that worked very much like a modern gasoline engine .
Night can be cold in a hot , dry desert .
Nitrate and borax are two of the minerals we get from desert lands .
No animals breathe out fire , as the dragons of stories do .
No ants have more curious habits than the parasol ants and army ants .
No birds , no matter what they eat , have teeth .
No bottle on our medicine shelves !
No electric lamp bulbs or radio and television tubes !
No fishes ever have legs , but a few fishes do sometimes use their fins as legs and make short excursions out of water .
No food gives us everything we need .
No glass threads to weave into cloth !
No glass wool in walls to shut heat in or out !
No green light reaches them to be reflected .
No greenhouses or show windows or showcases .
No list could be made of all the games people play .
No man - made machines has any part as wonderful as our eyes or our heart or our brains .
No mater how rules of etiquette came to be , people are likely to make fun of us if we break them .
No one can be sure , for the records do not tell how it worked .
No one can live long without food .
No one can tell the true story of the first bridge because people learned how to make bridges long before they learned how to write about what they had done .
No one could catch them to put them back in the box .
No one could see the rose at the page if there weren't any light shining on the picture .
No one country now leads in ballet .
No one ever really saw or heard a ghost .
No one ever saw a fish blink !
No one has a right to do anything to harm others .
No one has ever seen a dinosaur .
No one is sure where the ideas of most fabulous animals came from .
No one knows exactly how many millions of galaxies there are .
No one knows exactly when Columbus first had the idea of sailing west to find the Far East .
No one knows exactly why the dinosaurs disappeared .
No one knows how all our rules of etiquette came to be ?
No one knows surely how the asteroids were formed .
No one knows what would happen if the earth ran into the head of a comet .
No one knows where the Khmers came from .
No one knows whether a fish can taste the food that it eats .
No one knows which of the arts is oldest .
No one knows who first had idea of a bicycles .
No one knows who made the first compass .
No one lived in this house .
No one paid much attention to this bicycle , although its inventor was arrested for furious driving .
No one person found out all that we know now about the sky .
No one person made up all the stories on Arabian Nights .
No one sees chariots now except in a circus or museum .
No one sees Orion on the Fourth of July or Scorpin on Christmas Eve .
No one succeeded in flying .
No one wanted to sleep .
No one would guess by looking at a square of butter or a bowl of sugar or a glass full of water that butter and sugar and water are part hydrogen .
No one , however , should get the idea that the Americas had no people until white men first reached their shores .
No one 's body can grow bigger properly while he is working and playing and wearing it out .
No place on the earth can be more than 12,451 miles from any place else 
No pretty vases or other glass ornaments !
No streams or rivers flow out of it .
No sunlight at all reaches don that far to give any light or heat .
No two plants and animals , even of the same kind , are exactly alike .
No very good way of making the wheels turn at the right speed was found until the pendulum was invented .
No wonder the time is called the Dark Ages .
No wonder , for the equator crosses it .
None of them can be seen without telescopes .
None of these people could leave any written records of how they lived .
None of these ways of decorating pottery is new .
Normally children 's heart beat from 80 to 100 times per minute .
Norseman had sailed to North America a long time before Columbus .
North of the Arctic Circle , in the land of the midnight sun there are days or weeks or even months when the Sun does not set at all .
North of the equator nights are longer than days .
Northwest coast tribes : Haida , Kwakiutl , Salish , Tlingit , Tsimshian , Yakima .
Not all amphibians lead double lives .
Not all cells are the same shape of size .
Not all famous gardens are large .
Not all gold goes into money and decorations .
Not all modern planes have propellers .
Not all these sayings are fair to these big animals .
Not long afterward people from Britain began to settle there .
Not long afterward , he died of a fever .
Not many of them can stand the sudden changes in temperature and pressure .
Not many people left safe outside them .
Not many people live in the Far North .
Not many people nowadays need to kill big wild animals for food or to protect themselves .
Not many wild animals die of old age .
Not many year ago hospitals were rather cheerless places .
Not many years ago $ 500,000 was paid for a single copy 
Not many years ago people found a new way in which dogs can be helpful .
Not many years ago scientists found a way of splitting atoms artificially and making them give off energy .
Not much is known about Aesop 's life .
Not only drinks , but candies , cakes , puddings , and pies are flavored with it .
Nothing else is in sight in the sky .
Nothing is left of it but bits of rock and iron .
Novae are stars that suddenly become very much brighter and then fade .
Now all of Angkor Wat is empty except for the few priests who live in the ruins .
Now almost every country has its flag .
Now goldfish are raised in many parts of the world .
Now in out age of machines , a workman usually has nothing to do with planning what he is making .
Now it has spread to many other countries throughout the world .
Now many are made of other materials .
Now many clocks have neither springs nor weights .
Now many hospital rooms are gay and cheerful .
Now Marie set to work to help her sister , Bronja , go to college .
Now men know how to make many kinds of bridges .
Now most of them are made of concrete strengthened with steel .
Now scientists have found how to control the splitting of atoms .
Now she saw a beautiful gem .
Now shedding crocodile tears means just pretending to be sad .
Now that is was at last shown how men could fly , inventors made improvements fast .
Now the average is about 70 years .
Now the Empire State Building is nearly 300 feet higher than Eiffel Tower .
Now the greatest diamond mines are in Africa .
Now the greatest of the suspension bridges is the Golden Gate Bridge .
Now the one in which most of the people are Hindus is the Republic of India .
Now the ruins have been uncovered , and they are worth making a long journey to see .
Now the United States raises more cotton than any other countries in the world .
Now there is a shorter way by sea from Europe to India and the Far East .
Now they were going to try again before the King .
Now we know that they do not .
Now we say , sour grapes ! when someone pretends he does not want something he tried to get but couldn't .
Now , although no one can see a current of electricity , scientists can tell us a great deal about it .
Oak galls are woody lumps that grow around the eggs that gall insects lay in oak twigs .
Ocean boats cannot go far inland on deep bays as they can in some continents .
October 5 of that year became October 15 .
Of all Europe 's mountains the Alps are the most famous .
Of all gem minerals none has been more widely used than turquoise .
Of all our animal relatives , the apes are most like us .
Of all the great dams , the oldest is the Aswan Dam across the Nile .
Of all the many , many kinds of crystals , diamonds are hardest .
Of course , a caravan must stop now and then to give both the camels and their drivers a chance to rest .
Of course , alexander had faults .
Of course , all the books of the ancient times , whether they were made of papyrus or parchment were written by hand .
Of course , atoms are to small to be seen ever with powerful microscopes .
Of course , he may have more than one .
Of course , if anyone is told that a ghost will appear , he easily imagines that he sees it , especially at night in pale moonlight .
Of course , if something is wrong , the doctor or dentist can do much toward making it right again .
Of course , it may have been mined only a few months ago in a modern gold mine .
Of course , most of this pottery is broken .
Of course , not all modern hotels are big .
Of course , people were needed to buy and sell what was raised .
Of course , the Indians did not like the idea of being pushed out of their homes and their hunting grounds .
Of course , the story of Scheherezade is not true .
Of course , the Sun is then shining on the South Pole 24 hours out of every 24 .
Of course , there could not be a falling weight in a watch .
Of course , these new ones are not really new .
Of course , these stories were not true .
Of course , they can study pet animals , too .
Of course , they did not have guns .
Of course , they do not live long .
Of course , this idea was wrong , but many of his idea were right .
Of the seven continents , africa is the second - largest .
Of the seven continents , europe is next to the smallest .
Of the thousands of different filaments be tested , those made of carbon were found to be best .
Of them all , probably the Alps are most famous .
Often Europe is called a peninsula of peninsulas .
Often now she had only dry bread and tea to eat .
Often roll books were carried from place to place in boxes shaped like round hatboxes .
Often there are sandstorms in dry deserts .
Often they organize expeditions , or safaris and travel long distances .
Often they were decorated by hand after they were printed .
Often this happened : an animal ages ago left its footprints in soft mud .
Often two or three kinds of clouds can be seen at the same time .
Often , however , they lie still in the water with only their eyes and nostrils above the surface .
Old castles are perched on some of these cliffs .
Old means different ages for different kinds of plants , too .
Oldest way we know about is rubbing two dry sticks together .
Olive oil and the small dried grapes called currants are among her exports .
On a ballet program today there are often some French words .
On a dairy farm there are likely to be milking machines , milk and cream separators , milk coolers , farm machinery for helping raise food for the cows , and trucks to carry the milk to the dairy .
On a hill called the Acropolis the Athenians built a majestic marble temple - the Parthenon .
On an island he began building an army .
On Christmas Day Quito , Ecuador , which is almost on the equator , has 12 hours of daylight .
On cold winter days clothes should keep in the body 's heat .
On Columbus 's third voyage to the New World , he reached the coast of South America .
On each person 's ticket there were directions telling him just what to do during the ceremony .
On each side of its body there are five rows of gleaming lights .
On each square foot at the base of Mauvoisin the water is pushing with a force of more than 20 tons .
On every square inch of this page the air is pushing with a force of nearly 15 pounds .
On July 7,1958 , the President of the United States signed a bill to make Alaska the country 's 49th state 
On land , stopping for fuel is no problem .
On May 29 of that year Edmund Hillary of New Zealand and Tensing Norkay of Nepal reached the top .
On October 21,1879 , edison 's first lamp made with a charred bamboo filament was ready to be tested 
On one voyage he had sailed as far as Iceland .
On other days the clouds do not cover the whole sky , but big white clouds go sailing by .
On September 19,1783 , there was great excitement at Versailles in France 
On small farms outside each town farmers grew wheat and barley and tended vineyards and olive orchards .
On some days no blue sky shows .
On that date it is about 15 hours between sunrise and sunset .
On the average the water is a little more than two miles deep , but in place it is much deeper .
On the bank he saw a dead tree that was leaning over .
On the bank of the river an old boatman , Charon , was always waiting to row them across .
On the chart the common names for the different chapters in the earth 's history are given .
On the coat of arms of England there are two animals a lion and unicorn .
On the earth hydrogen is rarely found by itself .
On the Fourth of July the story - except for the Quito is very different .
On the other hand , most plant food is harder to digest than meat .
On the other hand , they put in extra months even when they were not needed , to make the terms of some officials longer .
On the outside of the wall they dug a deep moat .
On the playground they can see that everyone has a fair chance , no matter what his race or religion may be , or how wealthy or poor his family may be .
On the rest of their bodies the scales are tough and leathery .
On the shores of one bay he saw so many kinds of strange plants that he named it Botany Bay .
On the south it reaches to the continent of Antarctic .
On the upper part of their bodies they wore cuirasses , on their legs they wore greaves .
On the voyage Darwin spent some time on the Galapagos Islands and became interested in the huge turtles there .
On their backs the scales are hard and bony .
On their heads they wore helmets .
On two days of each year - about March 20 and September 23 - day and night are the same length all over the earth .
Once a great deal of hydrogen was obtained for use in big balloons .
Once a neighboring tribe captured him , but he escaped .
Once each year the Bachs held what they called family day .
Once his brother refused to let him use a big book of difficult music .
Once in a while some cells somewhere in a person 's body go on a rampage .
Once in the while a cave man lost one of his stone tools in the ashes .
Once people thought that our feelings of love and bravery and kindness came from our hearts .
Once there were reptiles much , much bigger than elephants .
Once , when Saul 's at war with a neighboring kingdom , a giant came out from the camp of the enemy .
One banyan tree may look like a whole grove of trees , for a banyan has many trunks .
One big difference between a cheap camera and an expensive one is in the quality of the lens .
One bridge may be a combination of different .
One city may be at a place where travel by land meets travel by sea .
One day a neighbor saw it and offered to buy it .
One day as Archimedes got into his bath , he noticed the water rise .
One day Diogenes walked through the streets of Athens carrying a lighted lantern .
One day Edison saved the life of a little boy .
One day he called in a gold , and told him to make a crown .
One day he watched a small boy make his hands into cup and dip up water with them .
One day in 1866 , the children found a pretty pebble in a river near their home in Hopetown , South Africa .
One day they seized him and sold him to some travelers on their way to Egypt .
One day , an old story goes , a man came to the door of a herdsman 's hut in England .
One day , thousands of years ago , one of our early ancestors wanted to cross a stream .
One early clock was three stories tall .
One element , helium , was found in the sun before it was found on earth .
One end of each strip was fastened to small rod of wood or bone .
One F . B . I file is especially helpful .
One gorge through which it passes in the mountains to east of Belgrade is called the Iron Gate .
One guess is that they came from a large planet which was once between Mars and Jupiter .
One half of the heart makes blood flow to the lungs and back again .
One idea was that it reached out to the edge of the world .
One is painting a picture .
One name for half of a globe is hemisphere .
One name for them is big trees .
One of England 's most famous ghosts is the giant red - haired ghost of Glamis Castle .
One of his sayings is much like our Golden Rule .
One of its most famous fishing regions , the Grand Bank , is near Newfoundland .
One of the earliest bicycles we know about was made by Baron Karl Drais , a German .
One of the first stories children hear is the story of Goldilocks and the three bears .
One of the great sights is the temple called Angkor Wat .
One of the longest bridges in the world is the bridge that joins San Francisco and Oakland .
One of the longest mountain ranges of the world rises from the floor of the Atlantic .
One of the most famous stories in Arabian Nights is about Sinbad the Sailor and his voyages .
One of the most harmful is a beetle called the cotton boll weevil .
One of the most learned of them all was Aristotle .
One of the most loved chapters in the old testament is the Twenty - third psalm .
One of the most successful colonies was Syracuse in Sicily .
One of the newest flags is that of the Unites Nations .
One of the seven continents is much bigger than any of the others .
One of the world 's great religions is Buddhism .
One of the world 's great religions is Christianity .
One of the world 's two longest cantilever bridges is near Quebec , Canada .
One of the worst shipwrecks of this century was caused by an iceberg .
One of them was Alexandria in Egypt .
One of these animals may leave the seed of a fruit in top of a palm tree .
One of these fairy tales is The Ugly Duckling .
One of these is called a sperm .
One of these laws , called the Red Flag law , said that a man had to walk in front of any team carriage and carry a red flag during the day of a red lantern at night .
One out of every eight people in the world lives in it .
One out of every five people in the world is Chinese .
One part of the Near East is a peninsula sometimes called Asia Minor .
One reason why everyone should go to a doctor for a yearly checkup is to make sure no cancer cells are starting to grow .
One reason why is that our bodies must have fuel .
One ring watch , made for a lady , had a little jack - of - the - clock that tapped the lady 's finger every hour .
One rule of table manners says that a spoon should never be left standing in a cup .
One should not wait to get sick or have a toothache before going to the doctor or dentist .
One story of Alexander as a boy tells how he trained a high spirited horse .
One such desert is near Great Salt Lake in Utah .
One trick in making good glass is to start with very pure materials .
One was 1,500 miles along 
One was a way to heat the material until it glowed .
One was to capture the sacred stag belonging to Artemis , the goddess of the hunt .
One word tells the answer .
Only a few spiders come out of the sac .
Only about 50 of the great fleet ever reached home .
Only Asia has more .
Only Asia is larger .
Only Australia is smaller .
Only one country in the world fills a whole continent .
Only queen ants lay eggs .
Only six countries are large than the new India .
Only small bridges are made of wood .
Only some kinds of tortoises , or land turtles , live longer .
Opals are quartz , but they are not crystals .
Opals were once supposed to be unlucky .
Operating the furnaces costs less than if the current came from generators driven by steam engines .
Or it can be told in still another way - by dancing .
Or they may be carried to him by insects or other animals .
Organs inside their bodies make light - producing chemicals .
Orpheus , who played wonderful music on his lyre , was allowed to go to Hades to bring back his dead wife Eurydice .
Other baby birds are covered with down , .
Other elements make up only about one one hundredth of the sun .
Other fabulous animals were part lion , the animals which people think of as the king of beasts .
Other generators are driven by steam turbines .
Other groups fought to hold on to what they had .
Other land proved to be good for sugar cane or for fruit orchards .
Other learned people heard of these ideas .
Other parts have won their independence but are members of the British Commonwealth of Nations , the name now given to all British lands .
Other people moved into Europe and mingled with the cave dwellers .
Other writers have put ghosts in their plays and stories , too .
Others are made from hot lava that pours from volcanoes .
Others are sewed on machines that work like home sewing machines .
Others are special hospitals .
Others are very lively .
Others believe that no such person as Aesop ever really lived - that several different people made up the stories .
Others carry oxygen .
Others drink nectar from flowers .
Others eat animals .
Others have been buried for centuries .
Others have book lungs .
Others keep the hive clean .
Others live in the great grasslands that border the forests .
Others lived lives full of sorrow and trouble .
Others say that it was invented in Italy .
Others showed scenes from everyday life .
Others were needed to manufacture such things as butter , cheese , flour , steel , farm machinery , mining tools , shoes , and clothing .
Others , like sunflowers , grow to be several feet tall .
Otherwise , we could not take pictures of big buildings or clouds or crowds of people .
Our bodies are actually more than half water .
Our bodies are made of elements , just as everything else in the world is .
Our bodies are wonderful machines , too .
Our bodies are wonderful machines .
Our bodies could not do their work if it were not for our nervous systems .
Our bodies have air pumps , too , the air pumps are the lungs .
Our bones make a framework for our bodies , they give us our shape .
Our brains are more than simple pilots .
Our brains are not at all like our stomachs because the cells in them are not alike .
Our cave - men ancestors used fire to cook their food .
Our common white potato is often called the Irish potato .
Our earliest ancestors did not have many materials to choose from for their clothing .
Our early ancestors did not know it , but the movements of the Earth and the moon gave them their ways of keeping track of the time .
Our fingertips are very sensitive .
Our heart beat faster at some times than at others .
Our lives would not be at all as they are now if there were no such thing as habit and we had to think carefully about everything do .
Our months have come down to us unchanged from the time of Augustus Caesar .
Our muscles are very different from our bones because they are made of different kinds of cells .
Our names for the months come from Roman names .
Our nervous systems are made up of our brain , our spinal cord , and our nerves .
Our scientific name Homo Sapiens .
Our songbirds are all in the very biggest bird group - the perching birds .
Our sun is made up largely of hydrogen , and so are the distant stars .
Our sun with all its planets is a part of a galaxy called the Milky Way galaxy .
Our way of numbering years did not begin till several hundred years after Christ died .
Our weeks are like those in Caesar 's calendar , too .
Our word month came from the word moon .
Over land in the United States and in many other countries , too , radio signals help keep him on the road .
Over the centuries people found many ways in which dogs could be helpful .
Oxygen and chlorine are gases .
Oxygen can pass through the tissue into the blood .
Oxygen from the air can then pass into the earthworm 's body through its moist kin .
Oxygen is the most abundant of these .
Pagasus returned alone to his home with the gods .
Pager and printing were invented .
Painting is the hobby of a great many people .
Painting , sculpture , and woodcarving are three of what we call the arts .
Paleozoic Era is one of them .
Pandora , unhappy about the harm she had done , looked once more into the casket .
Paper was very much cheaper than parchment , and printing made it possible to have as many copies of a book as were wanted .
Papyrus was somewhat like paper , but it was more brittle .
Parasol ants have gardens and raise tiny mushrooms .
Parchment was made from animal skins .
Part of its charm comes from its ancient cypress trees .
Part of the name of Iceland 's capital , Reykjavik , means smoking .
Passenger and cargoes come up to the falls by boat .
Passing along ideas and news is called communication .
Pearls are quite different from other gems .
People always are eager to get news of interesting happenings .
People and all other mammals breathe with lungs .
People asked him what he was doing with the lantern .
People build dams for several reasons .
People collect all sorts and kinds of things .
People from other European countries made early settlements in North America , too .
People have eaten honey for thousands of years .
People have killed so many animals for sport that big game is becoming scarce , even in out - of - the - way places .
People joked about the early cars , but almost everybody wanted to own one .
People learned to write long before they had an alphabet .
People like a White Christmas .
People live in groups and divide up the work to be done .
People lived on earth for thousands of years before anyone know how to write .
People may make their homes in residence hotels for weeks or months or even years .
People of long ago were frightened by eclipse .
People of long ago were very much frightened when there was a comet bright enough to be seen .
People often come long distances to bathe in the water .
People put money in savings account when they plan to leave the money in the bank for quite along time .
People say that it gallops down a steep hill three times a year .
People sometimes say , The Rhine built the Netherlands .
People sometimes threw stones at the carriages .
People were not the first engineers to build dams .
People would have no eyeglasses or opera glasses or binoculars .
People , of course , are mammals .
Perfumes , too , are sometimes made from the herbs in herb gardens .
Perhaps a shorter and easier route by sea could be found .
Perhaps he wants a cow that will produce very rich milk , or a sheep that has especially long wool , or a dog that can be fattened easily .
Perhaps it chooses its food just by smell .
Perhaps our early ancestors counted days by suns as some primitive people do now .
Perhaps the first people lived in Asia .
Perhaps the places where they are found are the throats of dead volcanoes .
Perhaps their ancestors had come into North America thousands of years before .
Perhaps there are even more for glass .
Perhaps there are many earths like ours circling around distant suns .
Perhaps there have been people on the earth for a million years .
Perhaps these are cypresses as old .
Perhaps they burned dry moss os sticks .
Perhaps they had simple shelters made of tree branches .
Perhaps they kept track of the darks instead .
Perseus cut off the head of the Gorgon Medusa , the sight of whom turned people to stone .
Persia fell before him .
Persia was many times as big as Macedon .
Petals also help in another way .
Petrified means changed to stone .
Phaethon drove the chariot of the sun too close to the earth .
Pharaoh began to fear they would fight against the Egyptians and take over the country .
Pharaoh put Joseph next to him in power .
Philip became the ruler of some of them .
Philip thought that he had a right to the throne of England as well as to the throne of Spain .
Philip was sure that this fleet could win any battles .
Photographs became possible only a little more than 100 years ago after the camera was invented .
Photographs of the Great Nebula in Andromeda are taken through a powerful telescope .
Pictures of dragons are so common that almost everyone has seen them .
Pieces of amber , a Greek myth said , were tears shed by the sisters of Phaethon .
Pieces of lodestone are natural magnetite .
Pierre Curie and his wife , marie discovered radium .
Pierre was eager to help her .
Places in the heart of India are just halfway round the world from those cities .
Plains tribes : Arapaho , Blackfoot , Cheyenne , Comanche , Crow , Dakota ( or Sioux ) , Kiowa , Missouri , Omaha , Osage , Pawnee , Paiute , Shoshone , Wichita .
Planes are checked and engines are tuned up .
Planes come to these ramps to load and unload passengers and freight .
Planes flew over the Hump to carry supplies from India to China .
Planes fly from Newfoundland to Ireland without stopping .
Planes rapidly became bigger , faster , safer , and more comfortable to ride in .
Planes use the runways in landing and taking off .
Plant eaters have one big advantage over meat eaters .
Plant lice give off tiny drop of sweet honeydew when stroked .
Plants cannot live there because without sunlight they cannot make food .
Plants in an aquarium help furnish oxygen , too .
Plates of metal were linked together to make whole suits .
Plato 's lost continent , scientists are sure was just a story .
Plugging in the cord joins the two wires of the appliance with two wires leading from outside to the receptacle .
Pluto was another name for this god of the underworld .
Pollen , too , makes food be good .
Poor conductors are just as important as good conductors in marking a current of electricity go where we want it to go .
Pope Gregory decided to change the calendar to correct this mistake .
Possibly many primitive peoples would still eat human flesh if they had not been forced by outsiders to stop doing so .
Possibly the earth would be badly damage if it did hit the head of a comet .
Pottery with painted designs was being made even before the use of the potter 's wheel .
Precious coral is red .
Priestesses in these religions may spend most of their lives in perfecting their dancing .
Probably no ruler in all history worked harder for his people .
Probably nowhere except on certain Pacific islands are there any people who are still cannibals .
Probably Plato not expect anyone to believe in Atlantis .
Probably the discovery of how to make pottery was made many times in many different places .
Probably the first way of keeping track of time was to count days .
Probably the grape was one of the very first fruits men learned to raise .
Probably the most famous of all the cradle books are the Gutenberg Bibles .
Probably the second cloth that men learned to weave was wool .
Probably the shape of the ginseng roots gave the Chinese the idea that they would be good medicine .
Probably the simplest kind of invisible ink is lemon juice .
Probably the taming of dogs began when some cave men brought home a wolf cub they had found .
Probably this story is not true .
Probably , however , they cannot hear at all well .
Prometheus brought fire to the earth .
Protons and neutrons stay in their atoms , but electrons , when given enough push , can hop from atom to atom .
Protoplasm is a mysterious substance .
Ptolemy ( A . D 100 - 170 ) was also a Greek .
Ptolemy thought that the earth stood still and that all the heavenly bodies traveled around it .
Pure gold would be 24K .
Put in as much as the water will dissolve .
Pygmalion , a sculptor , fell in love with Galatea , a statue he had made .
Quartz comes in many different colors .
Queen Victoria gave Kew Gardens to the people of England .
Quite often - sometimes as often as three times in one year - the moon travels into the earth 's shadow .
Radium is one of the Earth 's elements .
Radium is one of them .
Railroads leading from it carry far and wide the good unloaded from the ships .
Rain or snow may be falling from the clouds .
Raisins are simply dried grapes .
Rats , mice , and insects cannot destroy it .
Raymond L . Ditmars had a hobby of collecting snakes as a boy .
Rayon and nylon are among the rather new fibers used for clothing .
Rays of a strange kind were reaching them .
Reading a book written in Old English is like reading a book in a foreign language .
Reading the rock storybook is like reading a book with its pages scorched and crumpled and even torn out .
Really the lungs themselves do not do the pumping .
Recently the boxer , the beagle , and the Chihuahua have become very popular .
Recorded history is a small chapter in the whole story .
Recorded history is divided into three parts - ancient , medieval , and modern history .
Records are kept at big dairy farms of the amount of milk each cow gives .
Reptiles and amphibians have smaller ones .
Rich people bought them for their beauty more than for their usefulness .
Right after that time days begin getting longer .
Rivalry brought on wars between the city - states .
Robbers roamed the countries side .
Rock candy is nothing but big crystals of sugar .
Rocket planes do not have propellers either , but their engines are very different from jets .
Rockets , however , carry their own oxygen .
Roman soldiers who were in the British Isles , northern Europe , and other faraway parts of the empire had been called back to protect Rome .
Ropes help it in place over a fire of straw .
Roquefort cheese is called the king of cheese .
Rubies and sapphires are crystals of the same mineral .
Rubies can be manufactured .
Rubies were supposed to bring wealth , health , wisdom , and happiness .
Rubies , sapphires , emeralds , topazes , zircons , amethysts , aquamarines , and garnets are crystals , too .
Rules of etiquette tell how to act in the presence of these officials .
Runners sped along these roads carrying messages .
Sailors dared go far out to sea .
Sailors were afraid that they might sail right off the earth .
Sandstone , limestone , and shale are common water - made rocks .
Sapphires are found in Burma , too , and also in many other places .
Sapphires , like rubies , can be manufactured .
Saying that a person has a great deal of gray matter is another way of saying that he has good brain .
Scattered through the deserts there may be oases , where threes and other plants grow .
Scholars are still trying to unravel the early history of the alphabet .
Scientists are sure that it is about the shape of the great nebula in Andromeda .
Scientists believe it is made up of millions of chunks of rock and iron surrounded by gas .
Scientists believe that people lived in Europe hundreds of thousands of years ago .
Scientists call carborundum silicon carbide .
Scientists can read the story of the earth from its rocks partly because they know that different rocks are made in different ways .
Scientists discovered it by studying sunlight .
Scientists found ways of getting currents of electricity before they had any idea of what a current of electricity is .
Scientists have a name for all these changes .
Scientists have a way of writing the names of substances so that it is easy to tell what kinds of atoms the substances have in them and how the numbers of the different kinds of atoms compare .
Scientists have also found out how to produce atomic energy by making atoms of hydrogen fuse together .
Scientists have been able to find out a great deal about the cave men by digging through the ashes left in the caves .
Scientists have discovered that there were people in Europe some 100,000 years ago , before the last great push of ice from the north 
Scientists have found , too , the petrified eggs of Protoceratops a small armored dinosaur .
Scientists have learned about the great change in the earth 's history by studying rocks .
Scientists have studied ways in which animals are alike and ways in which they are different .
Scientists know now that a tiny gland in the head has a great deal to do with a person 's size .
Scientists know what elements it has in it , but they can not put these elements together to make it .
Scientists know , too , that some rocks have been greatly changed since they were first made .
Scientists now know that the great Ice Age was not the only ice age in the earth 's history .
Scientists say that the very first animals with backbones ever to live on land were amphibians .
Scientists still blow glass into specially shaped pieces of apparatus that they need .
Scientists tell us that when any substance burns it unites with oxygen , one of the gases in the air .
Scientists think it is at least three billion years old , and it may be much older .
Scientists think that people first appeared on the earth during the great Ice Age .
Scientists use the ways in which animals are alike and different to divide them into about 20 big groups .
Scientists who work in this field are called biologists .
Scientists would have no glassware to use in experiments .
Scorching heat on the day time and shivering cold at night is the rule .
Seeds can live through months of dryness .
Seeing eyedogs are trained to guide blind people .
Semites filled the whole region along the eastern shores of the Mediterranean some 3,500 years ago , when the alphabet had its beginnings 
Sending a current through a storage battery is called charging the battery .
Several letters , for instance , are made of three dots , but the dots are not arranged the same way .
Several thousand years ago the Greek found that a piece of amber rubbed with fur would pick up tiny bits of straw .
Several times during the Ice Age great sheets of ice pushed down from the north and then melted back .
Sewing machines help explain why .
Shakespeare put ghost in some of his plays .
Shaking hands with a friend you meet is common in many parts of the world .
Shangri - La has now come to mean a lovely place hidden away in some distant part of the world .
Shaping is always the second step .
She does not leave the nest except to get food .
She fought wars for some of it , she bought small areas of her empire from other countries .
She gave lessons to the children of wealthy families .
She made two visits to America .
She made up her mind to find it .
She moved to an attic room near the university .
She promised to marry any young man who could outrun her .
She promised to tell him another the next night .
She raised him as her own son .
She stopped to pick them up and lost the race .
She studied very hard .
She then disappeared forever .
She took pity on him and lifted the basket from the water .
She was only two when Pierre was struck by a horse - drawn wagon and killed .
She was told to do so .
She went on an errand .
Shipbuilders built warships to protect the merchant fleets .
Ships coming through the canal could reach it easily .
Ships sailing between Black Sea and the Mediterranean must go through the Bosporus .
Shrimp are very common in the deep sea .
Siberian huskies and German shepherds , for instance , do .
Silicon comes second .
Silk was among the riches that traders used to bring back to Europe from the Far East .
Silver and turquoise are available for these Indians to use .
Since Bach 's time there have been many great composers .
Since clothes are partly for decoration , it is not surprising that styles change .
Since Columbus thought he was close to India , he called the natives Indians .
Since gold does not spoil , it can be reworked again and again .
Since it is just sunlight or artificial light that reaches our eyes , why isn't everything the same color ?
Since the Earth is shaped like a ball , the Sun can shine on only half of it at a time .
Since the tower is made of iron , it must be painting to keep it from rusting .
Since then incandescent lamps have been greatly improved .
Since there are many countries in small Europe , it goes without saying that at least some of them are small .
Since they are driven away from atoms , they are called free electrons .
Since they are only in stories or fables , they are called fabulous animals .
Since they had decided not to have true moon months , they could make the months any length they pleased .
Sleep is the kind of rest .
Small islands have appeared and disappeared .
Small sparks of electricity could be drawn from them .
Smith is buying a new car .
Snails help keep an aquarium clean .
Snowball flowers are among them .
So are all other animals and all plants .
So are five other countries .
So are many medicines .
So are rabbits and squirrels and many fishes .
So are robins and turtles and jellyfish .
So are starfish and corals and toads .
So are the elephant , the African buffalo , the rhinoceros , and the big bears .
So did all the lands to the east as far as India .
So did the building of good roads and railroads .
So did the early Romans .
So do all birds and reptiles and most grown - up amphibians .
So do footballs and basketballs .
So do some of the flames that shoot up from the sun .
So etiquette came to mean the right way to act when you are with other people .
So far as anyone knows , the roots are of little real use .
So far scientists have done most of their experimenting with uranium .
So it is not surprising that until recent times the Chinese knew little about other peoples .
So many fossils have been found in these pools that sometimes they are called the deathtrap tar pools .
So much sunlight , however , is shut off that darkness falls just as if the sun had set .
So was the duck - billed dinosaur Trachodon .
So we now have big dogs and little dogs , smooth - haired dogs and shaggy ones , fast dogs and slow ones , playful dogs and dignified ones .
So were the people of the Indus Valley in India .
Social dancing is sometimes called ballroom dancing .
Soft pads protect their feet from the heat of the desert floor .
Some 2,000 years earlier the Romans were using the eagle as a symbol of their power 
Some algae can live in water that is almost hot enough to boil .
Some animals are called fish by mistake .
Some animals are herbivorous for only a part of their lives .
Some animals breathe much faster than others .
Some animals get oxygen directly from the air itself .
Some animals without backbones are old in a few weeks .
Some animals , however , live in this dark , cold abyss .
Some ants colonies are much larger than others .
Some ants have tree hopper or beetle cows .
Some ants live inside people 's houses .
Some archeologists once decided , for instance , to find out if there ever w as a Troy - the city the story of the Trojan War written about .
Some are fitted for living in the desert because they can grow and bloom on a short time .
Some are just barely large enough to be seen with the naked eye .
Some are made at the bottom of lakes and seas .
Some are meant to last for only a little while .
Some are raised to be made into grape juice or jelly or jam .
Some are small , some are medium - sized , and some are large .
Some armor , however , is still in use .
Some baby birds are naked when they are hatched .
Some baby insects that live in water have gills just as fishes do .
Some bacteria are disease germs .
Some bees do one kind of work .
Some begin when they are only three or four .
Some believe that eating brave warriors would make them brave themselves .
Some birds have normal temperatures of as 112 F degrees .
Some boomerangs are carved from small trees which already have a good bend .
Some boomerangs are made from straight pieces of wood that are first soaked in water and then bent into shape .
Some bridges are famous for other things besides their length .
Some bridges stay in place all the time .
Some build wonderful nests .
Some can be moved so that boats can pass .
Some cement is made of it .
Some cheeses are allowed to ripen much longer than others .
Some chimps have learned to skate , ride bicycles , and paint pictures .
Some cirrus clouds are so long and narrow that they are called mare 's tails .
Some clouds are part cirrus , part cumulus .
Some come from the forests .
Some countries claim that they are democracies when they really are not .
Some countries were very slow to except the new calendar .
Some crocodiles are more than 20 feet long .
Some dancing is done on the stage for other people to watch .
Some day the earth may have a head - on collision with a comet .
Some desert plants have very long roots that can get water from deep in the ground .
Some do the housekeeping and take care of the queen and the baby ants .
Some dromedaries are used for racing just as horses are .
Some eat fruits and vegetables .
Some eat holes in our rugs or clothes .
Some eat the leaves of trees .
Some electron tubes are smaller than a peanut .
Some fable are centuries old .
Some fabulous animals were supposed to be part human .
Some fan air into the hive .
Some feed the baby bees .
Some fishes seem to have a keen sense of smell .
Some fishes when they are grown up have good weapons .
Some flowers are so small that many people do not know that they are flowers .
Some games are especially popular in some parts of the world , others in other parts .
Some games are quiet .
Some generators are driven by great water wheels .
Some get it from air that is dissolved in water .
Some gold leaf is so thin that 350,000 sheets make a pile only an inch high 
Some grapes are raised for raisins .
Some grapes are raised to be eaten in hand .
Some grown bears are playful , too .
Some happenings have been so important as to stand out above the millions of the others .
Some have special kinds of mold or bacteria added to give the cheese a special flavor .
Some have special ways of storing the water they get .
Some have the habit of paying no attention to traffic lights at street crossings .
Some have written for one instrument , some for another .
Some have written for whole orchestras .
Some have written songs and operas instead of instrumental music .
Some help make vinegar and cheese .
Some hospitals of today are general hospitals .
Some hot spring do not spill over .
Some Indians even live in the barren lands at the very southern tip of South America .
Some Indians were friendly to the white settlers .
Some ink is made especially for fountain pens .
Some is made for ball - point pen .
Some is used only in printing .
Some kinds of bears can climb a tree as fast as a squirrel .
Some kinds of crystals are easy to make .
Some kinds of fish eat plants .
Some lamps sends out only red rays .
Some laws and customs are also different .
Some live in fresh water .
Some live on the rain of dead plants and animals drifting down from surface waters .
Some make our teeth decay .
Some manufacture food , and so on .
Some mines are a mile deep .
Some motels are in beautiful settings .
Some mountains are playgrounds .
Some mountains are volcanoes .
Some of food furnish much more heat and energy than other foods to .
Some of his most beautiful pieces he wrote after he became deaf .
Some of his people even thought that he was a god .
Some of its towers soar more than a hundred feet into the air .
Some of the alum will form crystals on the string .
Some of the bees in a hive are drones .
Some of the best garnets come from the United States , although garnets were worn in the Old World long before America was discovered .
Some of the big trees of California are three or four thousand years old .
Some of the cities of ancient times are still cities today .
Some of the cradle books are among the most beautiful books ever made .
Some of the crystals found in rocks are so beautiful that we use them as gems .
Some of the early cars even had sockets for buggy whips .
Some of the early compasses were little pieces of lodestone resting on small pieces of wood or cork which floated in a bowl of water .
Some of the early settlers had been sheep - men in Britain .
Some of the early watches struck the hours , but most did not .
Some of the fish that came from the eggs had more gold spots than their parents .
Some of the flat lands along the shores of the ocean become swampy in summer .
Some of the hundreds of signs the Egyptians used stood for whole ideas , some stood for whole word , some stood for syllables made up of several sounds , and a few ( 24 of them ) stood for simple sounds .
Some of the land proved to be good for wheat .
Some of the later dirigibles had a framework of aluminum .
Some of the letters stand for several different sounds .
Some of the most interesting are the comets .
Some of the names scientists use are given , too .
Some of the northern icebergs are a mile across and 100 feet high .
Some of the people of Paris think that it should be torn down because it is not beautiful .
Some of the plant - eating dinosaurs had armor that helped to protect them from the flesh eaters .
Some of the pleasantest music we hear was written for waltzing .
Some of the railroads that have been built are short .
Some of the rivers have built big details .
Some of the stories we know and like are many hundreds of year old .
Some of the struggles were between neighboring European nations .
Some of the thousands of kinds of fishes live in salt water all their lives .
Some of the tribes had learned to make their corn crops better by putting a dead fish in each hill of corn .
Some of the visitors who climb to the balcony get seasick because the tower sways in the wind .
Some of the water , moreover , evaporates .
Some of the worker ants of a colony gather food .
Some of them are among the wonders of today .
Some of them are so good that an artist of today would be proud to have made them .
Some of them can become very cold without being harmed .
Some of them do not even have any real homes .
Some of them had no hands and no faces .
Some of them keep herds of reindeer .
Some of them never drink any water at all .
Some of them were highly civilized .
Some of them , in turn , may change too , in ways that make them still better fitted for living where they do .
Some of these blocks weighed more than 100 tons , and some were carried many miles from where they were quarried .
Some of these discoveries are so important that the people who made them are famous .
Some of these herbs have underground stems that stay alive during cold weather , some have big roots , some have bulbs .
Some of these men lived long lives .
Some of these scientists even lost their lives exploring .
Some of these stories were probably made up .
Some of these trees fell into swamps and were covered with mud .
Some one then got the idea that a bicycle would go faster if the front wheel were bigger .
Some other famous cheeses are Cheddar cheese , first made in England , edam or Gouda cheese from the Netherlands , and Mozzarella from Italy .
Some other popular hobbies are raising flowers , knitting , hiking , mountain climbing , singing , playing a musical instrument , building furniture , sewing , making pottery , studying the stars , doing puzzles , and learning a new language .
Some others take part in ice skating contests .
Some oxygen gets into the water of an aquarium from the air that touches the surface .
Some parts of Asia that are not far north are not far north are very , very cold in winter .
Some parts of it are very crowded .
Some parts of our bodies are made of cells of several different kinds .
Some people are not permitted to choose what clothes to wear .
Some people believe that the picture the cave men were prayers to their gods .
Some people do not do their fair share in ruling themselves .
Some people feel that the word history should only be used for recorded history .
Some people have formed bad eating habits .
Some people have the habit of biting their fingernails .
Some people still believe in this lost continent .
Some peoples fought to get more land .
Some plant cells are brick - shape while others are rounds .
Some plant cells take in water .
Some plants and animals are fitted for living in deserts .
Some plants and animals , however , are made up just one cell .
Some power stations are already using atomic energy to generate electricity for home and factories .
Some primitive peoples still do .
Some probably became cannibals simply because it was hard for them to get enough to eat .
Some rules of flag etiquette had to be changed when it came into use .
Some savages believe that saliva is a protection against evil spirits .
Some say he was once a slave .
Some scale - wings eat nothing at all after they are grown up .
Some showed Greek gods and heroes .
Some spiders have air tubes .
Some stamp collectors have collections worth many thousands of dollars .
Some still show their relationship to the wolf .
Some take nitrogen from the air and put it into soil .
Some tea is raised on their lower slopes .
Some them have the long name of foraminifera .
Some think that the Chinese did .
Some very fine ones have come from Montana .
Some weigh only a few pounds , but others may weigh a ton .
Some were alive even back in the days of the Pyramids .
Some were bare rock and sand .
Some were famous while they lived .
Some were set in rings .
Some were small , some were medium - sized , and some were giants .
Some workers build honeycomb out of wax that comes from their bodies .
Some workers take care of the queen .
Some years later Darius , the king of Persia , conquered Babylon .
Some zircons look much like diamonds .
Some , like dandelions , are low - growing , they never get far above the ground .
Some , or even all , of the signs the Semites worked out were pictures in the beginning .
Some , such as red blood cells , are disk shape while others , such as muscle cells , are long and narrow .
Someone finally tracked down this ghost .
Something is always left in place of a substance that burns up .
Sometime ballet is called toe dancing .
Sometime on a hot day an automobile tire may blow out because the air inside it expands too much .
Sometimes a comet goes too close to the sun or a large planet and is pulled to pieces .
Sometimes a flower 's sepals are joined together to form a little cup .
Sometimes a suit of armor had beautiful designs carved in it .
Sometimes all the lights in a room go out when no one has touched the switch .
Sometimes animal breeders cross two different kinds of animals .
Sometimes clouds move across the sky as fast as an airplane .
Sometimes Europe is called a part of the great continent of Eurasia and is not called a separate continent at all .
Sometimes great floods of lava have poured out of long cracks in the earth 's crust .
Sometimes it is easy to dig fossils out of the rock where they are found .
Sometimes secret messages are written in them .
Sometimes solid wheels and other tools for grinding and polishing are made of it .
Sometimes sugar is added .
Sometimes the Hwang Ho is called China 's sorrow .
Sometimes the moon travels across just one edge of the earth 's shadow .
Sometimes there are feathery clouds high in the sky .
Sometimes there are hurricanes over the Indian Ocean , but as a rule the sea is calm .
Sometimes they are called ships of desert .
Sometimes they have a sidecar for an extra passenger .
Sometimes they were made of thin sheets of pure gold .
Sometimes , if an Egyptians writer made a mistake , he licked off the ink with his tongue .
Sometimes , too , there are dark storm clouds .
Soon a whole colony is built up .
Soon after a chunk of asphalt is taken out , the hole fills up again .
Soon after they made their famous discovery , a second daughter , Eve , was born .
Soon after ward - on Jan . I . 1901 - all the separate parts of Australia untied into one country .
Soon afterward the first atom bomb was made .
Soon he was writing a great deal of music himself .
Soon more roots grow down around a palm tree .
Soon only the bones were left .
Soon Russia was the leader in ballet .
Soon the months had slipped out of place in the seasons .
Soon there were balloons that could carry people .
Soon watchmakers began making beautiful watches .
Sophocles and Euripides wrote plays for the open - air theater below the Acropolis .
Sour grapes is one of them .
South America is made up of 13 countries .
South of Mexico there are seven small countries .
South of the equator December comes in summer .
South of the equator nights are longer than days .
Southwestern tribes : Apache , Hopi , Mohave , Navaho , Pima , Yuma , Zuni .
Special machines make the back of the book round and also glue on a strip of gauze material called super .
Special steel skates have been developed for speed skating and figure skating as well as for ice hockey players .
Sperm cells from pollen grains , that is , must unite with the egg cells in the ovules .
Spices and gold and silk had to be carried over long land routes from Asia to Europe .
Sports that are fun to watch as well as to play are often called spectator sports .
Spring and summer are the seasons of long days .
Spring or streams fed by rain or snow far away furnish the needed water for green oases .
Springs of hot water are not nearly as common .
Springs where cold water comes bubbling out of the ground are common .
Squirrels hold nuts as they eat them .
St . Nicholas is considered the special friend of children .
Stamens and pistils and sepals and petals may be different shapes and sizes .
Stamps are the most popular of all .
Standing near are several animals - some sheeps , perhaps , and a donkey .
Stars are always moving .
Stegosaurus had a double row of plates down its back and sharp spikes on its tail .
Still another hunter has a movie camera .
Still another is about Aladdin and his wonderful lamp .
Still another is jewels .
Still another is to make an artificial waterfall .
Still another name for it is A Thousand and One Nights .
Still he was not satisfied .
Still others are made from hot rock that cools deep underground .
Still others are twisted , or spiral .
Still others are vines .
Still others eat both .
Still others guard the hive .
Still others make the animal move .
Stories of them go far back into the past .
Storm clouds may be dark because a great deal of dust has been blown up into them .
Storm sweep across it and pile up great waves .
Stouthearted is another word for brave .
Strange as it may seem , the plane would fly over the North pole ! .
Strange as it seems , black soot and brilliant diamonds are both carbon .
Strangely enough , scientists believe that people wore clothing for decoration before they started wearing it for protection .
Stretching out from the huge body were a very long neck and a very long tail .
Strings of beads have been found in the graves of prehistoric people .
Substances it flows through easily are called good conductors .
Substances that it does not flow through easily are called poor conductors .
Such a range would keep much of central Europe from getting the warm , moist winds from the Atlantic .
Such deserts usually have great stretches of bare sand .
Such French words remind us that France was once the leader in ballet .
Such glass can be used for oven baking dishes .
Such things are often found in the ruins of their villages or in the graves where they were buried .
Summer days in the Arctic are long , just as winter nights are .
Suppose a boy wants to print a small newspaper to sell to his friends .
Suppose a stranger approaches the chieftain of a tribe of savages .
Suppose an airplane were to make the shortest possible trip to the heart of India from St . Paul or Denver or Omaha .
Suppose glass should suddenly disappear .
Suppose Mr.Brown wants to build a new factory or buy a farm .
Surprisingly , it was known long before the common metal aluminum .
Suspension bridges carried the road over deep gorges .
Sweet peas , dandelions , apple trees , and corn would never bloomed .
Swiss cheese is hard , limburger is semihard , and Philadelphia cream cheese is soft .
Switches of many kinds can be used to make and break a circuit .
Sydney and Melbourne are the two largest .
Tap dancing is this kind of dancing , so is acrobatic dancing of all kinds .
Te pictures show a few of the many kinds common in the United States .
Team games help the players learn to get along with one another .
Telling exact direction from a compass is not easy .
Telling the whole story of bridges and their part in the history of the world would take many more pages than there are in this book .
Temperatures of 125 F degree have been recorded in Southern India .
Ten of these huge reptiles walking in single file would have made a parade as long as a city block .
That country gave it as a present to Edward VII , king of England .
That country is Australia .
That time is gone .
That was long before there were any people living on the Earth .
The 13 stripes of the American flag stand for the 13 colonies that became the first States .
The 2 shows that there are two atoms of hydrogen for every atom of oxygen .
The 25th of December is one of our happiest holidays .
The 26 letters are the English alphabet .
The 48 constellations he named did not cover the whole sky , but no one dared add to the list for more than a thousand years .
The aardvark is an African animal .
The ability to smell is very important to a fish .
The accident taught everyone a sad lesson .
The action of the chemicals on the zinc starts the flow of electrons .
The Age Ice bears died out , and many people fear that the bears of today will some day disappear .
The Age of Man is , then , a past of the Age of Mammals .
The air above it was so poisonous that it killed birds , and anyone who went near it was risking his life .
The air around the earth bends some of the sun 's rays so they strike the moon .
The air in a box a foot wide , a foot long , and a foot deep weighs little more than an ounce .
The air pressure at the top of the mountain is less than it is at the level of the sea .
The air pushing up on the wings sometimes kept a glide in the air for many minutes .
The air sacs act like little balloons .
The air scatters the sunlight .
The air , therefore , pushes on a person 's body with a force of several tons .
The air , we say , gets thinner and thinner the higher it goes .
The alphabet began with this idea .
The alphabet came down to us from the Romans with little change .
The alphabet probably stared in this way : some of the Semites had business dealings with the Egyptians .
The alphabet was certainly a wonderful invention .
The Alps are young as mountains go .
The Amazons did most of their horseback .
The Amazons River was named for these women warriors .
The Amazons , the stories say , lived in a country where there were no men .
The amber , scientists found out later , was given a charge of electricity by the rubbing .
The ameba is a one - celled animal .
The ameba 's one - celled body looks much like a bit of colorless jelly .
The Americas are in the earth 's Western Hemisphere .
The amount of cream in the milk is important , too .
The amount of money the people of the United States spend for ready - made clothes is hard to imagine .
The amphibians are one of them .
The ancient Egyptians built dams along the Nile .
The ancient Egyptians mined turquoise , too .
The ancient Egyptians sent expedition to nearby lands to get gems and skillfully worked them into intricate settings .
The ancient Greeks believed so much in athletic contests that they started the Olympic games .
The ancient Greeks chose their rulers .
The ancient Greeks had the idea that everything on earth was made up of four simple substances - fire , air , earth , and water .
The angler has lanterns at the end of stalks .
The animals in only one phylum have backbone , and not quite all of them do .
The animals named on the chart are all animals with backbones .
The answer is the same for both boys and girls .
The aorta has branches going all over the body .
The Arabian camel has only one hump .
The Arabs , who spread from the Near East across Africa into Spain , and the Chinese were going far ahead of the people of Europe .
The Arctic Ocean is at the top of the world .
The armor had to be much thicker to be of any use .
The Arozes are the tops of peaks in this mid - Atlantic mountain range .
The asphalt that comes from the ground is called natural asphalt .
The Assembly sat on the grass in an open - air meeting place .
The Atlantic can be crossed without a stop where it is narrowest .
The Atlantic furnishes much food for the people on its shores .
The Atlantic Ocean is one of the oceans that separate the Old World from the New .
The Atlantic Ocean is only half as big as the Pacific , but it is still very large .
The Atlantic Ocean separates them from Europe .
The atmosphere is made up of different layers , as the picture shows .
The atoms of a few rare elements gradually break down by themselves .
The auricle on the left side of the heart receives blood that has just come from the lungs .
The baby tree sends a root down into the ground .
The Babylonians built dams along the Tigris .
The baby 's older sister Miriam stood near by to watch .
The back wings folded up under their hard wings unless they flying .
The Bacteria camel has two humps .
The bald eagle has white feathers on its head .
The bald eagle is not the only eagle found in the United States .
The balloon was made of linen and was open at the bottom .
The balloons of today , if they carry people , are fills with helium .
The banyan has bright red fruits that look like cherries .
The banyan is found in southern Asia and other tropical lands .
The barbarians could not read or write and cared nothing at all for the learning that had come down from the ancient Egyptians and Babylonians and Greeks .
The barbarians proved too strong for the Romans .
The barbarians were fierce , wild fighters .
The bathysphere fish has rows of pale - blue lights on its sides .
The batteries of the electric ray are on the sides of the fish 's head .
The beans are then washed , dried , and shipped to factories .
The Beautiful Blue Danube is the name of a famous waltz written by Johann Strauss , who lived in Vienna , a big city on the Danube River .
The beautiful colors of these gems come from impurities in the corundum .
The bees make it from nectar , the sweet juice found in flowers .
The bees that gather nectar also gather pollen from the flowers .
The Bellingrath Gardens near Mobile , Ala . , are among the other famous American gardens .
The bells of some of the early clocks were struck by hammers held in the hands of little figures of people .
The best dairy farms are in regions where there is good pasture grass .
The best lenses are very expensive because they are very carefully ground .
The best liked turquoise is colored robin 's egg blue .
The best topazes come from Brazil .
The best watches of today have 18 or more jewels , but the jewels are so small that altogether they are worth only a dollar or so .
The bible is many books in one .
The Bible is the sacred book of all Christians .
The Bible mentions them .
The Bible tells many stories .
The Bible tells the story how the boy David killed Goliath with a slingshot .
The big building in the picture is a barn where the cows stay when are not out on pasture .
The Big Dipper will look rather different in 100,000 years 
The big groups , or phyla , of animals are divided into smaller groups called classes .
The big island of Greenland and other islands near it make up the rest .
The big , fluffy white clouds towering high into the air are cumulus clouds .
The biggest bears are the Alaskan brown bears .
The biggest bridges of today could not have been built without steel .
The biggest hotel in the world is the Conrad Hilton Hotel in Chicago .
The biggest of all concrete dams is the Grand Coulee Dam .
The biggest of the big trees are four or five times as tall as most of our shade trees .
The biggest of the gem stones was set in the king 's scepter .
The birthplace of the alphabet may have been almost anywhere in that region .
The bison big American animals that would probably have disappeared if they had not been protected .
The bits of the leaf look like tiny parasols as the ants carry them along .
The blood carries food and water and oxygen to all parts of our bodies .
The blood flows from them into tiny capillaries .
The blood gathers up this waste , but there must be way of getting rid of it .
The blood travels through blood vessels of three kinds : arteries , veins , ans capillaries .
The blood travels through blood vessels of three kinds : veins , arteries , and capillaries .
The blossoms are left on the cotton plants to form seeds .
The blue - green is a mold growing in the cheese .
The body of a butterfly is slender .
The boll becomes about as big as an egg .
The bone in the skull of the very ancient Uinta beast is petrified .
The bones they threw aside .
The book Ben - Hur tells a thrilling story of a Roman chariot race .
The book stirred up great arguments .
The book was about the ancient city of Troy .
The boy was a good and obedient son to his mother .
The boy was name Siddharthe Gautama .
The boy 's father rewarded Edison by teaching him how to be a telegraph operator .
The brain is made up of cells just as every other part of the body is .
The brain sends messages to the other parts of the body by way of the nerves .
The Bridge of Sighs in Venice is one .
The Britons had asked them to come to help drive out some enemy tribes that were pushing down from the north .
The brothers came to Egypt to buy food .
The brothers wished to get rid of Joseph .
The builder has to understand , too , that steel and the other materials big bridges are made of expand , or get biggest , when they are heated .
The building of the Suez Canal nearly a hundred years ago started Bombay on its way to becoming a great city .
The bundles of rods were called fasces .
The bureau is a part of the United State Government .
The cabbage worm is an exception , it is the caterpillar of the pretty cabbage butterfly .
The Caesars were rules of ancient Rome .
The capital , Cuzco , was two miles above the sea .
The capitals of more than 20 other countries in Europe are all farther north than Portland , Maime .
The capitals of Norway , Sweden , and Finland are farther north than Juneau , Alaska .
The capitals of three of them are on the river , one is Vienna , the capital of Austria .
The car dealer does not actually have to go to Mr.Smith 's bank to cash Mr Smith 's check .
The card and the pivot are in a glass covered bowl usually filled with an alcohol mixture on which the card floats .
The card is mounted on a pivot so that it can swing around freely .
The cardinal and the bluebird get their names from their color .
The caves are so dark that the cave men must have had lights of some kind .
The cells are made of protoplasm .
The cells are not all alike .
The cerebellum helps make our muscles move smoothly .
The chain was arranged so that once around .
The chariots are two - wheeled carts without backs .
The chart below tells how long a number of different kinds of animals live .
The chart names 50 of the elements .
The chart names a few of the great composers .
The chart tells a part of the earth 's long story .
The chemical that makes the sand melt takes the place of water that dissolves the sugar .
The chief crop in the southern half of southeastern China is rice .
The chief crops are millet and soybeans .
The chief food crops in India as a whole are rice , wheat , and millet .
The chief reason scientists believe in evolution is that they have studied fossils are usually bound in rocks .
The chief reason we do not feel ourselves racing around the sun is that the earth carries its air along with it .
The chieftain waves his hand greet him .
The children gave it to him for nothing .
The children of a poor Dutch farmer helped to discover that there are diamonds in Africa .
The children took it home with them .
The chimera was part lion , part goat , and part serpent .
The chimpanzees are the most easily taught of the apes .
The Chinese and Japanese found , too , the color was not the only thing that could be changed .
The Chinese carefully guarded the secret of making silk for centuries .
The Chinese found out long ago that it is easy to keep goldfish in small ponds and aquariums .
The Chinese kept on choosing and saving the fish that were best .
The Chinese outnumber the people of any other country .
The Chinese were among the early people to build a great civilization .
The Chinese were civilized long ago , too .
The Church , he knew , would not be pleased if he published a book saying that the Earth was not the center of the Universe .
The circle of seasons became the year .
The city of Bombay has become the largest city of crowded India .
The city serves as the chief gateway to western India .
The clay must be mixed with water , perhaps some other materials must be added .
The climate has changed from dry to wet and from wet to dry , too .
The climate is so hot and dry that the Dead Sea would get about 15 feet lower every year if no water were brought to it .
The climate of much of Europe is milder than anyone would guess for a land so far north .
The climate of the earth has also changed many times .
The climbing perch is one .
The closer one is to the North Pole , the longer the long nights is .
The cloth is then glued onto special boards , which are actually a form of thick , stiff cardboard .
The clouds that make a gray layer over the whole sky are called stratus clouds .
The club he is about to throw is a boomerang .
The Coal Age gets its name because most of our coal was made then .
The coal was made from forests that grew in swamps .
The coastlands that could be reached easily were , as a rule , unpleasant places to live in .
The cocoa tree is an American plant .
The cocoon is made of silken threads which the caterpillar spins when it is ready to become a pupa .
The colonies which became the United State were once a part of the British Empire .
The color of anything depends on the rays of light that it sends back to our eyes .
The colors come from the algae .
The colors of a country 's flag are not just colors that were chosen by chance , either .
The colors that are found most in the pools around hot springs are creamy while , salmon pink , orange , brown , yellow , and green .
The Commonwealth includes , besides Britain itself , these independent countries : Australia , Canada , Ceylon , the Federation of Malaya , Ghana , New Zealand , Pakistan , the Republic of India , and the Union of South Africa .
The compasses used on ships are large and more complicated .
The conquerors destroyed some of the buildings and left the rest for the jungle to swallow up .
The constellations on the map are all visible from the United States , but they can never all be seen at one time .
The continent it fills is Australia too .
The copyright he gets is good for 28 years .
The cornfield ant is one of them .
The costumes of the dancer are often beautiful .
The cotton crop of the United States brings in more than two billion dollars a year .
The cotton is baled for sale .
The countries in these two continents are all young countries compared with such countries as England and Spain .
The countries of Norway and Sweden are in one of Europe 's peninsulas .
The covers of the book are made separately .
The cowbird does not build a nest .
The cows and the barns must be kept very clean .
The cows must be milked twice every day .
The crater around hot springs often have beautiful colors in them .
The crew grew restless .
The crown has soon finished .
The crown was not pure gold .
The crown weighed exactly what the lump of gold had weighed .
The crushed seeds become cottonseed meal , a good food for cattle .
The crystals are usually found deep in the ground .
The cub grew up in the cave and was friendly .
The Curies had decided to try to get radium from a rock called pitchblende .
The Curies were given many honors .
The current flows through a meter as it comes into our houses .
The current which comes into our houses , stores , and offices and lights our streets and runs big machines in factories comes from generators .
The custom of shaking hands , some people think , began with the cave man .
The cutting and polishing have a great deal to do with how much a diamond sparkles .
The Cypress Gardens near Charleston , S . C . , are very different from most gardens .
The dachshund , the poodle , and the Paekingese are now well liked , too .
The dams will prevent floods .
The dancers in the picture at the right are telling the story of Asleeping Beauty .
The dancing in the ballet is done to music , but the story is told by the movements of the dancers .
The Danes had won a foothold on Great Britain and threatened to conquer it all .
The danger is that a person who was trying to be polite might be misunderstood .
The Danube is not really bluer than other rivers .
The Danube rises in the Black Forest in southern Germany , from there it flows southeast into the Black Sea .
The Dark Ages began with the fall of the Roman Empire in 476 .
The Dark Ages were dark chiefly for Europe .
The date depends on when the moon is full in those months .
The dates of happenings after the birth of Christ sometimes have A . D before the number .
The day we celebrate Christ 's rising from the dead is called Easter .
The Dead Sea has stored up for thousands of years the minerals brought to it by the Jordan .
The Dead Sea is 47 miles long and 10 miles wide .
The Dead Sea is one of them .
The Dead Sea lies in a deep valley far below the level of the oceans .
The Dead Sea lies partly between Israel and Jordan .
The Declaration of Independence of the United States says that everyone has a right to life , liberty , and the pursuit of happiness .
The deepest spot is near Puerto Rico .
The diamonds are too hard to be hurt by the crushing machines .
The diamonds of Africa are found in a rock that is called blue ground .
The dinosaurs were all stupid creatures .
The dinosaurs , too , disappeared long ago .
The discovery of gold has brought a rush of settlers to many places .
The disease was carried back across the ocean .
The disk looks white .
The dog was the first wild animal to be tamed .
The draisine was introduced into England in 1818 .
The draisine was nicknamed the dandy horse because young English dandies liked to ride this new contraption .
The drivers stand up , for there are no seats .
The drops of water or bits of ice in clouds are usually very tiny .
The Duryeas were not satisfied with car , however , and the next year they made a better one .
The earlier good health habits are formed , the better .
The earliest shields were made of tough wood or hides .
The earliest way of mining it was to dig up gravel that had gold in it and wash away everything except the gold .
The early cave men had only one way of getting food - hunting .
The early Greeks had a calendar much like the Babylonian calendar .
The earth can be divided in halves in another way , too .
The earth is an almost perfect ball .
The Earth is just one of the Sun 's family of planets .
The earth is sometimes called a little planet of the planets in our sun 's family are much bigger than the earth .
The earth is the one of the sun 's family of planets .
The earth is very old .
The earth is very old .
The earth spins around as it travels .
The earth 's axis is tilted .
The earth 's magnetic force pulls a compass magnet or needle , into a north - south position .
The earthworm is one of them .
The eastern part of Asia is often spoken of as the Far East .
The eastern tribes are sometimes called Woodland Indians .
The edges of the sheets were pushed outward .
The egg hatches into a wormlike larva .
The egg then starts to grow .
The Egyptian had never seen horses or chariots before .
The Egyptian soldiers fought on foot .
The Egyptians had worked out the length of their year by watching the bright star Sirius .
The Egyptians made glass beads and put thin layers of glass , or glaze , over clay figures .
The electric batteries , or shocking organs , are long both sides of eel .
The electric catfish , which grows to be about three feet long , is found in fresh water in Africa .
The electric eel is a well - known electric fish .
The electric ray , Torpedo , found in warm seas is another well - known electric fish .
The electric shock the small animal gets when it touches the stargazer paralyzes it and makes it easy eating for the fish .
The electrons are driven out of some metals .
The electrons whirl around centers , or nuclei , made up of other particles - protons and neutrons .
The elements marked with a star on the chart are the eight commonest elements in the earth 's crust .
The emerald is a lovely rich green color .
The enemy rushed on them in chariots drawn by horses .
The energy they give off does a terrible amount of damage .
The engines are much like automobile engines except that they are smaller .
The English scientist Priestley , for example , is famous for his discovery of oxygen .
The English ships were ready .
The English - speaking countries did not use until 1752 .
The Eskimo caves beautiful figures out of the ivory from walrus tusks .
The Eskimo 's two layers of hooded fur suits protect him from the wind and keep him from getting too cold in the icy lands where he lives .
The extra food is stored in their humps as fat .
The eye puts them all together .
The F . B . I helps states and cities fight crime , too .
The fall and winter story is just the opposite of the spring and summer story .
The falling water may be used to turn mill wheel or big generators for generating currents of electricity .
The family was happy even though they were poor .
The famous Swedish botanist Linnaeus gave it this name after tasting chocolate for the first time .
The famous tar pits of California are pools of asphalt .
The famous Turkish city of Istanbul lies on both sides of the southern end of the Bosporus .
The famous white cliffs at Dover in England are made of chalk .
The Far North is the home of the polar bears .
The Far North is the name we often give to the Arctic Ocean and the lands that border it .
The farmers also raise big crops of olives and dates , coffee and cacao , sugar cane and peanuts , wheat and corn , and rubber .
The farmers have some livestock - chiefly sheep and goats .
The farming was done by women , the hunting and fishing by men .
The farther north one goes the longer , the longest day is .
The farther north one goes , the more constellations there are that never disappear below the horizon .
The feathers of the birds ' wings and tail are a big help in flying .
The feathery white clouds are cirrus clouds .
The feelers are the best help of all .
The figure - eight is one of the simplest patterns and is usually the first one a figure skater learns .
The finest come from South Africa .
The finest comes from Iran .
The finest gold jewelry is marked 18K .
The finest helmets of this time had visors that could be lowered to protect the knight 's face .
The first animals with backbones were fishes .
The first automobile accident happened in 1769 , nearly 200 years ago .
The first balloons were at the mercy of the wind .
The first book ever printed in English came from the press of English printer William Caxton in 1474 .
The first book in the old testament in Genesis , genesis means the beginning .
The first books made of pages bound together in a cover were made of parchment .
The first books were not made of pages bound together inside a cover .
The first books , as far as anyone knows ,were made in Egypt more than 5,000 years ago 
The first Christians were Jews who believed Jesus was the great religious leader they had been promised .
The first clay vessels were probably dried in the sun .
The first clocks we know much about were made toward the end of the 13th century .
The first clocks with pendulums worked much like a grandfather clock of today .
The first dams men built were made of earth .
The first European people to settle in the New World were the Spanish .
The first few hundred years of the Middle Ages , until about 800 , are often called the Dark Ages .
The first gasoline car in the United States was built in 1892 by Charles and Franklin Duryea of Springfield , Massachusetts .
The first gold was found on or near the surface of the ground .
The first great civilizations in Europe were in Greece and Rome .
The first honey people ate came from wild bees .
The first inns we know about were in lands at the eastern end of the Mediterranean Sea .
The first miners there had a hard time .
The first night she told the sultan an interesting story .
The first pieces of armor me used were shields .
The first planes to fly faster than sound were jet planes .
The first potters were interested mostly in making their pottery useful .
The first powered flight was only a little more than 50 years ago .
The first really big suspension bridge ever built was New York 's Brooklyn Bridge .
The first woven fabric that people learned to make was probably linen .
The fish can give off a number of very short shocks .
The fish made good fertilizer .
The five - lined constellation fish has a body which is flattened like that of a butterfly fish .
The flag of the United States was one of the first to mean a great deal to the people of a whole nation .
The Florida black bear has become rare , too .
The flycatchers catch insects on the wing .
The foods we eat serve as fuel .
The footprints were not disturbed .
The forests have much good timber .
The fossil of the fish was made in the same way .
The fossil of the trilobite is a cast .
The four jacks were figures of a little boy , a middle - aged man , an old man , and a skeleton .
The French king Louis XIV founded a ballet school .
The front wings are hard .
The fuel value of a food is measured in calories .
The fuel value of a slice of watermelon , for instance , is only about 100 calories .
The galaxy in the picture is the shape of a hamburger bun with flattened edges .
The galaxy shown is often called the Great Nebula in Andromeda .
The gardens of Versailles are often called the most beautiful gardens in the world .
The ghost of Sir Francis Drake has been seen many times riding in a black coach drawn by headless horses .
The giant in the story of Jack and the beanstalk is perhaps the best - known of storybook giants .
The giant modern press that printed this book even printed the colored pictures along with the type .
The girl babies were taught to hunt and farm and fight as they grew up .
The goat , camel , llama , reindeer , yak , sheep , and water buffalo are among them .
The Gobi Desert in Asia is another very large one .
The goddess of love gave Hippomenes three golden apples .
The gods gave Atalanta the gift of fleetness .
The gods had sent her down to earth from Mt . Olympus , their home , to be the wife of Epimetheus .
The gold in a ring bought today may once have been part of an Inca ornament .
The gold is found in veins in the solid rock .
The golden eagle has a dark head and feathered feet .
The good conductors give it a roadway .
The gorillas are the largest and most powerful ape .
The government also began passing laws against them .
The government may own , what work they must do , and what their wages are to be .
The government was week and not always fair .
The grains of salt in our saltcellars are crystals .
The gray covering , moreover , is much folded .
The great Hale telescope on Mt . Palomar has added many to the list .
The great Himalaya Mountains border northern India .
The great New World had been discovered .
The great teachers Socrates and Plato held conversations with young citizens in the market place .
The Great Wall ,1,500 miles long , was built by the Chinese to shut out invading tribes from the north 
The greatest enemy of vineyards is a disease of the roots of the grapevine .
The Greek discovered that , if a piece of amber were rubbed with fur , it would pick up bits of straw of other lightweight materials .
The Greek language did not have in it some of the sounds in the Phoenician language .
The Greek ships brought home much grain and fish .
The Greeks and Romans thought that their gods sometimes rode in chariots .
The Greeks counted their years from the date of the First Olympic Games .
The Greeks developed tiny lap - dogs .
The Greeks did not need signs for those sounds in their alphabet .
The Greeks made them up to explain things they could not understand .
The Greeks soon had better ships than the Phoenicians and went ahead of them in sea trade .
The greeting , how do you sweat ? is used in regions where fever is common .
The griffin had the body of a lion and the head and wings of an eagle .
The growth of factories helped cities grow .
The half of the earth north of the equator is the Northern Hemisphere .
The half of the earth south of the equator is the Southern Hamisphere .
The half with the American in it is the Western Hemisphere .
The handles of many bone tools were carved into animal shapes .
The hangars are houses for planes not in use .
The have elections , but there are no choices to be made .
The head of a comet is very big - much large than the earth - but it is not a solid ball .
The heart and the stomach are made of muscle .
The heart is a pump that keeps blood flowing through our bodies .
The heart is really two pumps in one .
The heart keeps the blood moving .
The heated wires could easily set fire to the walls .
The herbivorous animals eat the plants themselves .
The herdsman 's wife said that he might , and told him to watch the cakes she was baking .
The highest dam in the world is Mauvoisin Dam in Switzerland .
The highest mountains in all of North America is there .
The Himalayas are in central Asia .
The Himalayas are young mountains .
The Himalayas , the highest mountains in the world , are in Asia .
The hippopotamus is a plant eater .
The hippopotamus is bigger than any land animal except the elephant .
The hippopotamus is found wild only in Africa , but almost every zoo has at least one .
The history of airplanes is still very short .
The history of different part of the world varies greatly .
The history of people before anyone could write sometimes isn't called history at all .
The hornbill is a bird of India .
The hot water then changes to steam very fast and shoots the water above it high into the air .
The hot , wet climate is one that white people can not stand well .
The hummingbird has a long , slender bill that is good for drinking nectar from flowers .
The hundreds of millions of people of Asia earn a living in many different ways .
The hunters on the elephant have guns and are about to shoot a tiger .
The husbands of the Amazons lived in neighboring lands .
The Hwang Ho is a river in China .
The ice may possibly come again some day , too .
The ice sheets left many calling cards behind them .
The ice was probably a mile deep in places .
The idea is foolish , but it explains why an African warrior may spit as a sign of approval .
The idea of Christmas trees came from Germany .
The idea of democracy is not new .
The idea of fastening flags to the side of a pole came from the Mohammedans .
The idea of flags is very old .
The idea of getting more beautiful fish came when the Chinese noticed that some of the dull - green fish had spots of gold .
The idea of gifts at Christmas time may have come from the story of the tree Wise Men .
The idea of the name is that strength comes from being joined together .
The idea of using an engine of some kind to turn the wheels of a carriage is really quite old .
The idea that all plants and animals of today came from the simple plants and animals of long ago is called the theory of evolution .
The idea that every human being is important is the idea back of letting people rule themselves .
The ideas in these articles made him immediately famous .
The Inca builders also built terraces on the mountain sides so that barren mountain slopes became gardens .
The Inca empire fell to the Spanish conqueror Pizarro a few years after the Aztecs had fallen to Cortes .
The Incas built palaces and temples and such wonderful fortresses that the Spaniards called one of them the Eighth Wonder of the World .
The Incas could not write .
The Incas used no mortar .
The Incas were at their height in South America when the Aztecs were at their height in Mexico .
The Incas were far ahead of the other Indians of their time in another way .
The Incas were Indians .
The Incas were raising Irish potatoes and also corn when the Spaniards reached the New World .
The Incas were remarkable builders .
The Indian Ocean is the third - largest of our four oceans .
The Indian Ocean is warm .
The Indians of different tribes had different kinds of homes .
The Indians of Peru and Mexico had fields of cotton in the days of Spanish explorers .
The Indians of the Southwest use a great deal of turquoise in marking jewelry and ornaments .
The Indians traveled up and down them in canoes made of elm bark or birchbark or in dugouts made from logs .
The ink in the period at the end of this sentence has more atoms in it than there are people in the whole world .
The ink of the Egyptians was made of powdered charcoal and some kind of glue .
The ink used for the peals soaks up , or absorbs , most of the colors in the sunlight that strikes it .
The insects does not move about or eat .
The insects find in the flower a sweet juice called nectar .
The insects were trapped in the resin , and it kept their bodies from decaying .
The inside is white .
The inside pressure is equal to the outside pressure .
The invention of the steam engine and its use in factories gave a very big push to the growth of cities .
The inventor was Lee De Forest .
The inventor was the audion tube , which proved to be one of the greatest inventions of the 20th century .
The inventor was trying to make diamonds .
The iron fingers of the gin do the work much faster .
The island he called Hi - Brazil .
The Isthmus of Panama joins them together .
The Italian garden in the picture is about 500 years old .
The job of making cars better has been going on for many years .
The job of many of the worker bees is to gather nectar for honey .
The joining comes about when the mother and father mate .
The Jonker diamond , found in 1934 , was famous for its purity .
The Jordan River brings water to the Dead Sea .
The jury decided that he was not guilty , but the judge gave him a harsh lecture .
The kernels , or nibs , are left .
The Khmers knew how to make beautiful buildings , but they did not know how to make firm foundations .
The kidneys do most of this work .
The kind is determined by the kind of milk used and by what is done to the curds .
The King once went to visit Cardinal Richelieu , who was ill .
The knights of the Middle Ages had flags of this kind .
The knights who went to fight in the Holy Land saw that their way of living was not the only way .
The lake is about 1,300 feet deep ,but its surface is still nearly 1,300 feet below sea level 
The lake may furnish water for a city , it may furnish for irrigation .
The land of India extends far out into this ocean .
The largest diamond ever found was named the Cullinan diamond .
The largest fish of today is the whale shark .
The largest part of the brain is the cerebrum .
The largest were larger than any other animals that ever lived on land .
The larva becomes a pupa .
The larva of a moth or a butterfly is often called a caterpillar .
The last dinosaurs disappeared about 60 million years ago , long before there were any people on the Earth .
The last firing always the last step .
The last three steps do not always come in the same order .
The last was Harold II .
The layer of shells became a layer of white rock .
The layers of rock tell a story to scientist just as the pages in a story book do .
The leaders therefore formed the custom of showing where they were by carrying a tall pole of some kind .
The left auricle sends the blood into the left ventricle .
The left ventricle then squeezes the blood into a big artery called the aorta .
The lens throws a picture of what is in front of it on a film or plate at the back of box .
The letter on this page are black because the black ink absorbs all the colors that strike it .
The letters would not show if the paper around them did not reflect light to our eyes .
The light is believed to blind enemies and thus protect the shrimp by giving them a chance to escape .
The lion is very real animal , but the unicorn is fabulous .
The lion , the tiger , and all the other big cats are prizes of big - game hunters .
The liquid keeps the card from swinging as the ship sways from side to side .
The liquid part , or whey , is drained off .
The list below gives the right answer .
The little banyan branches out fast .
The little by little water brought minerals and filled up every tiny space in the bone .
The little electric fish called the stargazer has its shocking organs on the top of its head .
The little map below shows North America as it was about 100 million years ago and as it is today .
The little of the land of the Arctic is forested , but most of it is tundra .
The living things on the earth have changed a great deal , too .
The loose , white robes of the Arab reflect of glaring sunlight and keeping him from getting too hot as he goes about in the desert .
The lungs are messes of tubes and tiny sacs .
The magnets pull the card around and tell the directions .
The main crops for use in India 's textile mills and for export are cotton and jute .
The mammals first appeared in the Age of Reptiles and they may have eaten dinosaur eggs .
The man called The Wizard of Menlo Park was probably the world 's greatest inventor .
The man in the pictures is an Australian native .
The man who came to be called the father of science , Galilei Galileo , lived in Italy over 300 year ago .
The manufactured gems are called synthetic rubies .
The many billions of stars are almost hydrogen and helium .
The many books are divide in to the old testament and the new testament .
The many tribes can be divided into five groups .
The map shows the largest ones .
The marking shows how strong a current can flow through the fuse without marking it blow .
The material is asphalt .
The materials of our bodies are made up of elements just as all other materials are .
The Mediterranean opens into the Atlantic .
The medulla is connected with the big bundle of nerves we call the spinal cord .
The members of one tribe of Africa have a strange custom .
The men at the control tower talk with the pilots who are about to take off , too .
The men in the control tower are busy with their work .
The men in the control tower talk to the pilots by radio as they come in .
The men in the picture below are all big - game hunters .
The men of the Forest Service guard them from forest fires , harmful insects , and tree diseases .
The men of the German tribes drove back the tribes from the north .
The message was , Veni , vidi , vici .
The messages do not show until the writing is treated in some way .
The meter measures the electric power used .
The midway Airport in Chicago is the busiest airport in the world .
The milk must be strained , cooled , and rushed to a dairy .
The milking is done there .
The minerals shut away the air and preserved the bone .
The minerals these crystals are made of form into these shapes without anyone 's help .
The mines are so deep that it is very hot in them .
The mixture is cooked until it is done .
The mixture is heated very , very hot .
The mixture may be thin enough to poured .
The mixture was lighter than the cool air round about .
The modern car grew out of many of these older ideas .
The modern part of Istanbul lies on the European shore .
The monks in their monasteries kept alive the learning for earlier times .
The Montgolfier brothers were going to try to send a balloon up into the sky .
The month of August was named for another famous Caesar - Augustus .
The month of July named for him .
The moon cannot get into the earth 's shadow at any other time .
The moon does not give off any light of its own .
The moon is too small to ever hide the sun from the whole earth .
The moon travels around the earth between 12 and 13 times in a year .
The moon was full , then it got smaller and smaller until it disappeared altogether .
The most complicated rules of etiquette have to do with rules .
The most famous Anglo - Saxons king was Alfred the Great .
The most famous geyser is Old Faithful in Yellowstone Park .
The mother bear takes good care of them .
The mother bird lays her eggs in the nests of other birds and leaves them there to be hatched .
The mother fish carries her eggs in her body until they develop into baby fish .
The mother hornbill does not leave the nest even for food .
The mother of one baby boy put the baby in the basket and hid the basket in the bulrushes that grew along the Nile near Pharaoh 's palace .
The movements of its dancers were worked out by the French ballet master Petipa .
The moving of cold water to the bottom pushes the hot water out of the top .
The mud and crushed rock are washed away , and the diamonds are left .
The mud puppy , for instance , spends its always breathes with gills .
The muscles of the heart never get a rest as the muscles in our arms and legs do .
The music for this famous ballet was written by the Russian composer Tchaikowsky .
The musician was Beethoven , one of the greatest composers who ever lived .
The myths of the Greeks were closely tied up with their religion .
The name fasces comes from fasces .
The name Amphibians means double life .
The name asteroid means star - like , but asteroids are actually little planets .
The name Bosporus comes from the Greek words meaning ox and ford .
The name Curie is famous .
The name is evolution .
The name Mont Blanc is French for white mountain .
The name Santa Claus comes from Saint Nicholas .
The names of many ballets are French .
The names of the many other old testament books are the names of prophets .
The names they gave the constellations tell us what pictures they saw .
The native rulers of India own some of the best ones .
The need for merchants and bankers was one reason for the growth of cities in Europe .
The neighbor children made fun of him .
The nerves are the telegraph lines of our bodies .
The New Testament tells about Jesus and his disciples .
The news testament tells the story of Jesus and his disciples .
The next largest one was set in his crown .
The next morning , darius hurried to the den of lions and called out to Daniel .
The next step is to get the book ready for its case , which is the name bookbinders give to the cover of a book .
The night sky also changes from hour to hour .
The night sky changes with the seasons .
The North Pole has six months of continuous day .
The North Pole in at one end of this axis .
The North Pole in those months has continuous night .
The North Pole is in the middle of it .
The northern end of the strait has heavy fogs and dangerous currents .
The northern shores of Alaska border the Arctic Ocean .
The Northern shores of Asia and Europe and the North America make up most of the rim .
The northern shores of Australia are near enough to the equator to be very hot .
The northern slopes are bleak and bare .
The northern , cooler part of it is called Manchuria .
The nucleus is the ruler of the cell .
The nucleus of an atom always has in it one or more particles called protons .
The nurse she brought was her mother .
The old idea was that heavy object fell faster .
The Old Stone Age in Europe ended more than 8,000 years ago 
The old testament is sacred to jews aas well as to Christians .
The older animals die , but their limestone houses remain .
The older part of the city is on the Asian shore .
The oldest plants are tree .
The one most often use is Braille .
The ones that did not strike had to be looked at , or watched .
The only crocodiles of the United States are found in Florida swamps .
The only decoration on a piece of pottery may be the glaze itself .
The only way to make a copy of a book was to copy it by hand .
The opening and closing of the valves in the heart make a noise that a doctor can hear with his stethoscope .
The other half is the Eastern Hemisphere .
The other half sends the blood over the rest of the body .
The other is called an egg .
The other is in India .
The other is over the Firth of Forth in Scotland .
The other one , where of the people are Moslem , is Pakistan .
The outer covering of much of it is gray .
The oven - bird gets its name on the kind of nest it builds .
The pads also keep their feet from sinking down into the sand .
The paper of this page looks white because it sends back to our eyes all the colors in the light that reaches it .
The part hidden underwater may spread out into a great shelf of ice .
The part of Asia at the eastern end of the Mediterranean Sea is included in the region called the Near East .
The part of the Atlantic Ocean near much of Europe is warmed by an ocean current from far to the south .
The passengers could not guide them .
The pastures on a dairy farm are important .
The paths of many comets cross the earth 's path .
The paths of most of them are between the paths of Jupiter and Mars .
The peals look red because the red rays reach our eyes .
The pedals turned the back wheel .
The people came to be known as Anglo - Saxons .
The people had been living in the open .
The people in that region long ago cemented bricks together with asphalt to make pavements .
The people of ancient Greece thought that the earth was flat .
The people of earlier times were not satisfied with simply naming the pictures the stars made .
The people of England , for example , rule themselves as in a republic although they have king or queen .
The people of Iceland have put their hot springs to good use .
The people of India raised cotton more than 3,000 years ago 
The people of India were weaving cotton cloth in 2000 B . C .
The people of long ago saw the constellations are pictures in the sky .
The people of long ago thought that stars in these constellations made pictures of bears .
The people of long ago were very happy when the days began getting longer .
The people of many countries have their own folk dances .
The people of many savage tribes still wear little or no clothing , but they do decorate their bodies .
The people of only two nations in the world own more merchant ships than the Geeks .
The people of some countries now save the customs they used to wear every day for holidays .
The people of the Far East eat in silence .
The people of the Near East , for instance , could write long before any of the people of Europe could do so .
The people of the United States eat or drink more than 55 billion pounds of milk and milk products every year .
The people of the United States spend millions of dollars a year for chewing gum .
The people of these countries speak many different languages .
The people that are elected may do unwise things to make themselves popular .
The people were safer there .
The people who live there have to endure temperatures of more than 50 degrees below zero .
The period of World War Two and the next few years were troubled ones for small country .
The person who plans a ballet is an artist .
The petals of many flowers are beautiful .
The philosopher Diogenes lived in ancient Greece more than 2,000 years ago 
The Phoenicians were the great traders of ancient times .
The picture above shows three artists at work .
The picture at the top of the next page shows a dairy farm .
The picture in the upper left - hand corner of the page does not need a name .
The picture of pottery making long ago shows the women doing the shaping with only their hands .
The picture show dogs of some of the different breeds .
The picture show several different kinds of bridges .
The picture shows a few of the many kinds .
The picture shows a few .
The picture shows bits of some of the famous gardens of today .
The picture shows them .
The pictures below shows a pocket compass .
The pictures do not show all the parts of our wonderful body machines .
The pictures do not show , for instance , big loads of iron being lifted by an electromagnet , an X - ray picture being taken , or knives and forks and spoons being plated with silver .
The pictures on these two pages and the next two remind us of some of the ways in which electricity helps us .
The pictures show a little of the story of how styles have .
The pictures show several kinds of crystals .
The pictures show some of the characters in these myths .
The pictures show two of the bears found in Americas .
The pictures tell a little bit of the story of how our bodies are built .
The pilot , it seems , can go where he pleases .
The pilots of our bodies are our brains .
The pistils have in them tiny bodies called ovules .
The plant we call ginseng grows wild in China and in the eastern part of the United Stated .
The plants in it are raised somewhere else and then brought there .
The plug is pushed into a wall receptacle .
The polar bear is the arctic animal that people know best .
The pole usually had some emblem at the top .
The poor conductors keep it from straying off the roadway and going where it is not wanted .
The priests of ancient Babylon worked out a calendar which had 29 days in some months and 30 days in others .
The primates belong to the class of mammals .
The princess named the baby Moses .
The prism acts like the tiny drops of water that cause rainbows .
The propeller provides thrust , a force that makes the plane go forward .
The pulp and seeds are than scooped out of the pods .
The pump must keep working .
The pumping is done by a thick wall of muscle called the diaphragm and by the ribs .
The pupa changes to a full - grown bee .
The pupa stage is the sleepy stage .
The push that forces a current through a circuit is measured in volts .
The radium was glowing in the dark !
The rain cannot sink into the ground as fast as it falls .
The rangers in the park say that the bears are fed combination salad .
The rays are broad , much - flattened fishes .
The rays were named cosmic rays .
The reader rolled up the part he had read with one hand while he unrolled new pages with the other .
The real name of Augustus was Octavius .
The real name of this ruler was Temuchin .
The reason is that there is eight or nine times as much of an iceberg below the water as above it .
The reason people call a glass full of air empty is that they cannot see the air in it .
The reasons for developing some kinds of dogs are rather odd .
The record is held by a Holstein cow .
The Red Sea is an arm of the Indian Ocean .
The Republic of India is new .
The resin on them gradually changed as they lay buried century after century .
The rest of the audience has fun watching .
The rest of the bridge is a continuous span .
The rice fields lie on the valley floors and climb hills on stairways of terraces built by the farmers .
The rider sat on the bar and kicked the ground to push himself along .
The rider , by pushing pedals , made a chain turn the back wheel .
The right ventricle sends it through arteries to the lungs .
The river got its name because it carries great loads of yellow mud .
The rivers rise in the highlands .
The rivers were the Tigris and the Euphrates .
The roads through the air are called airways .
The roc and the phoenix are fabulous birds .
The rock is dug out , crushed , and mixed with mud .
The rock storybook tells how earth mountain was made .
The Rockefeller center garden is quite small as gardens go .
The Romans counted their years from the date of the founding of Rome .
The Romans earned how to lift a lump of soft glass on a hollow iron rod and blow it into such shapes as vases and bottles .
The Romans found that they could write with this brown fluid .
The Romans gave him the name Augustus because they admired him so much .
The Romans thought that odd numbers were lucky .
The Romans used another kind of ink , too .
The Romans were the first to use flags of cloth .
The Romans , centuries later , were still using the same kind of ink .
The Romans , when the alphabet came to them from the Greeks , made the same kinds of changes the shapes of some of the letters .
The rooms were built around a court where horses and donkeys and camels could be kept .
The ropes were loosened , and the balloon rose .
The rubies and sapphires used are so smooth and hard that they make the friction in the watch much less .
The ruins left by the 1950 earthquake showed what good builders the Incas were .
The ruins proved to be all that was left of Angkor , once one of the world 's great cities .
The rulers who followed him were not able to hold what he had won .
The rules of Spain were excited .
The runways are well marker with lights at night .
The runways go in different directions because the wind comes from different directions at different times .
The saber - toothed viper - fish certainly has .
The sacred writing of the Christian religion make up the bible .
The Sahara in Africa is the world 's largest hot , dry desert .
The same ocean separates them from Africa .
The same parts are there .
The same story is true of the whole universe .
The sand is the sugar .
The scene shows the baby Jesus cradled in a manger .
The scenery in the Alps is beautiful .
The science of biology is the study of living things .
The scientific name of the cat is Felis catus .
The scientific name of the tiger is Felis tigris .
The scientific name of this tree is Theobroma .
The scientists set out to track down the strange rays .
The scientists ' way of writing water is H2O .
The second floor is a hayloft .
The second is Budapest , the capital of Hungary .
The second is cutting a statue in stone .
The second were the Portuguese , who settle in what is now Brazil .
The seeds in it are almond - shaped .
The seeds themselves are useful but even more useful is the fluffy white cotton fastened to the seeds .
The Semites found that they could write their language by using less than 30 signs , or letters .
The Semites hit upon the idea of a much easier way of writing .
The sepals of a flower may be as beautiful as the petals .
The sepals soak up the red rays .
The sepals therefore look green .
The sepals would therefore look back .
The settlers soon discovered that many of animals as well as the plants of Australia were unlike those found anywhere else .
The sheet is then folded over and over so that it makes a bundle of pages .
The ships were on their way over an unmapped sea to find a new route to the Far East .
The shock they give is said to be strong enough to stun a horse .
The shocks they give help them to get food and to protect themselves from their enemies .
The silos must be filled , and crops must be planted .
The skater must perform according to an exact pattern .
The skeleton of the sabertooth tiger is made up of bones that were kept from decaying by the tar , or asphalt , of the famous tar pools in California .
The skin has many different kinds of cells in it .
The skin makes a good covering .
The sky is covered all over with a layer of clouds .
The sky may be very cloudy at one moment .
The skyscraper hotel below shows what inns have grown into today .
The smallest country in Europe is the smallest country in the world .
The smallest fish is the goby .
The smoke is steam from hot springs there .
The snow grew deeper and deeper .
The South Pole is at the other .
The southern slopes are very rainy , and dense forests grow on them .
The Spanish settlements were in South America , mexico and Central America .
The spectacled bear of South America , the sun bear of Malaya , and the honey bear of India are a few of the different kinds .
The sperm and egg have to meet and join before a baby can be born .
The sperm cells travel down the tubes to the eggs inside the ovules .
The sperm enters the mother 's body and unites with the egg .
The spinning of the earth causes day and night .
The spinning of the earth makes the sun rise and set .
The spirits of the dead had to cross the River Styx to enter Hades .
The square dances so many people enjoy are folk dances .
The squids of the deep sea are beautiful creatures , too .
The stamens produce a fine powder called pollen .
The star map on the next page shows many constellations .
The starfish is not a fish .
The stargazers are seldom more than a foot long .
The stars we see as we look up at the sky at night are not scattered evenly across the whole sky , instead , they are in groups .
The State of Vatican City is even too small to show on many maps of Europe .
The steam pushes some of the tube .
The steering wheel in a car and the wheel in an airplane do very different things .
The stems of herbs have a great deal of water in them .
The sticky gum of ancient pine trees trapped and preserved whole insects .
The sting ray is another .
The stories of a good many of these cases are just as thrilling as any made - up detective stories .
The storm did so much damage that the ships had to go back for repairs .
The story is very different for the parts of Asia that are near the equator .
The story of chemistry is partly a story of the discovery of one element after another .
The story of our calendar began back in the days before people could read or write .
The story of our music of today begins with Johann Sebastain Bach .
The story of people begins a very long time ago .
The story of St . George and the dragon is one of them .
The story probably is not true .
The story was foolish , but for more than 100 years after that , Hi - Brazil was put on maps .
The strain on his eyes may help account for his blindness towards the end of his life .
The stranger may not understand the hand waving .
The studies of Copernicus as canon did not take all his time .
The Suez Canal joins the Mediterranean sea and the Red sea .
The sugar in our bowls is made of smaller crystals .
The sultan was a cruel man .
The sun does not set .
The sun has a whole family of heavenly bodies traveling around it .
The sun never sets on the British Empire is an old saying .
The sun rises at 6 o'clock in the morning and sets at 6 o'clock in the evening .
The surge of blood at each heartbeat can be felt in the wrist .
The swordfish is one .
The symbols for most elements are easy to understand .
The tails of these animals in the sky show especially well .
The tall round building are silos .
The teeth of this fish are so long that it is difficult to see how it can over close its mouth .
The temperature inside the furnace has to be more than 3,500 F , to make the crystals form 
The there are five steps : mixing , shaping , firing , glazing , and decorating .
The third is Belgrade , the capital of Yugoslavia .
The third is carving a figure out of wood .
The third kind of hotel is a residence hotel .
The third was Edison 's biggest problem - kind of filament which would glow white hot for a long time .
The thumb is important .
The ticktock of the grandfather clock is made as the arm catches one wheel time after time and then lets it go .
The tiger and the common cat are in the same genus .
The tilting of the axis also helps cause the seasons .
The time from full moon to full moon is about 29 1 / 2 days .
The time in which the cave men lived is often called the Old Stone Age .
The time we call the Middle Ages lasted for 1,000 years 
The time we live in now we can call the Age of Man .
The timepiece was called a chronometer .
The tiniest plants we know about are much too small to be seen without a microscope .
The tiny animals themselves are all much alike , but the rock houses they built are quite different in shape .
The tiny bricks our bodies are built of are called cells .
The top of Asia is so far north that it has very long , very cold winters .
The topaz in the picture is yellow .
The tops of a few of the mountains reach up above the sea and make islands .
The tower has proved useful for other things besides sight - seeing .
The Tower is 984 feet tall .
The tower was named for him .
The traveling of the earth around the sun causes the circle of the seasons .
The traveling of the earth around the sun help cause the seasons .
The traveling of the moon around the earth makes the moon seem to change its shape .
The trees grow to be about 20 feet tall .
The tribe began at once to dwindle .
The trouble was that a year is not quite 365 1 / 4 days long .
The trunks of a big banyan tree in India were once measured .
The tube must reach upward from the hot rock to the surface of the ground .
The turning of the Earth makes some constellations seem to travel in a circle in the sky .
The two longest steel arch bridges are those at Bayonne , N . J . , and Sydney , Australia .
The Uinta beast died and fell into a swamp or pond .
The united States bought Alaska from Russia in 1867 for $ 7,200,000 
The United States is a republic .
The use of the new tube in radio can be called the start of the electronic age we are in now .
The very first glass was made by nature in volcanoes .
The very oldest fossils of Homo sapiens , or thinking man , that have been found in Europe .
The very smallest bit of iron is an atom of iron .
The very suggestion makes us realize how hard it would be to get along without fire .
The vines can be cut back till they are like bushes .
The visors had small openings in them so that the knight could see and could get air .
The walls of the heart are mostly muscle .
The waltz used to be the most popular of the ballroom dances .
The wars called the Crusades helped make the cities of Europe grow .
The watched carefully for fish with spots of gold .
The water and ice in clouds come from the water vapor in the air .
The water at the bottom gets very hot .
The water evaporates as fast as it is pushed up from below .
The water in hot springs gets its heat from very hot rock not far below the surface of the ground .
The water in the stream that flows through the garden is black because of minerals in it .
The water in the swamps helped this giant hold up its great bulk .
The water in them makes them firm and usually able to stand erect .
The water itself may be colored , too .
The water must have oxygen in it or the fish cannot breathe .
The water or ice changes back , that is , into invisible water vapor .
The water vapor is more likely to change to drops of water or crystals of ice if there is a solid speck of something in the air for the water or ice to form around .
The water we drink help wash away wastes formed inside our bodies .
The wax melted , and Icarus fell into the sea and was drowned .
The wax of the wings melted and Icarus plunged into the sea .
The wealthy people of Vienna invited him time after time to their homes .
The weight of a diamonds is measured in carats .
The Welcome Stranger nugget found in Australia was so big that it sold for $ 52,500 
The west was joined with the east .
The western is lands of plateaus and mountains .
The western tip of Alaska is only 55 miles from the Russia .
The wheel in a plane is connected to the elevators , to the rudder , and to the ailerons .
The whip - poor - will gets its name from its cry .
The whole bible was first translated into English 1382 .
The whole book could be filled with pictures of beetles , for there are many , many kinds .
The whole history of this great continent would take many books the size of this one .
The whole strip was rolled up around on rod .
The wild goldfish is not a very pretty fish .
The windows in our buildings would be just openings .
The winds blew steadily and pushed them on their way .
The wings provide lift , a force which causes the airplane to rise and to stay in the air .
The wings were fastened on with wax .
The winters are not only long and cold , but also dark .
The winters there are very cold .
The wire is insulated - wrapped in a poor conductor of electricity .
The wire the boy is using is copper , as most wire for electric circuit is .
The wolf dog could drive away cave bears and other wild animals .
The woman scolded the visitor , never guessing that he was her King .
The woodpeckers get their name because they use their bills to peck wood .
The word calorie comes from the Latin word meaning heat .
The word clock comes from the French word cloche , which means bell .
The word day has two meanings .
The word dinosaur means terrible lizard .
The word electricity comes from the Greek word for amber .
The word electricity comes from the Greek word for amber .
The word etiquette comes from a French word which first meant little ticket .
The word herb has another meaning to many people .
The word philosophy comes from the Greek words meaning love and wisdom .
The words czar and kaiser both came from the word caesar .
The work of a composer is difficult .
The work of art should give the person who sees or hears it the same feeling .
The worker ants bring in bits of leaf for the mushrooms to grow on .
The workers are female ants , but they do not lay eggs .
The workers are female bees , but they do not lay eggs .
The workers that guard the nest may be bigger and have stronger jaws than the other workers .
The world of today owes a great deal to the ancient Greeks .
The world would be different indeed without glass .
The world would not be nearly as beautiful if there were no flowers .
The Wright plane had wings , but it did not fly by flapping its way into the air with a propeller .
The writing done with it does not show until it is heated .
The year before Columbus discovered America , Nickels Koppernigk entered the University of Krakow in Poland .
The years are numbered from the year that was supposed to be the one in which Christ was born .
The yolk of a newly - formed hen 's egg , for instance , is a cell .
The young birds when hatched are covered with down .
The young leader Pericles planned it , Phidias , the most famous sculptor of his time , carved its marvelous decorations .
The Yukon is Alaska 's one great river .
The Yule log is still important in many places .
Thebes , Babylon , Nineveh , Tyre , Damascus , Athens , Carthage , byzantium and Rome were a few of them .
Their bodies are divided into three regions , as the bodies of all insects are .
Their bodies are the temperature of their surroundings .
Their bodies fit these conditions .
Their bones sank beneath the surface of the tar and remained unchanged .
Their church was more important to them than their king of their country .
Their closest relatives are the redwood trees .
Their color and the shape of their color and the shape of their heads are helps in telling them apart .
Their commander was Christopher Columbus .
Their compasses were small magnets fastened so that they could turn around easily .
Their country must some ahead of everything else .
Their dams make the water of streams spread out to form ponds .
Their empire once stretched from what is now Ecuador along the west coast of South America through Peru and Bolivia into Chile .
Their feathers tell that they are , for no other animals have feathers .
Their flags were square .
Their flowers are white at first but soon turn red .
Their food cannot run away from them .
Their good sight helped them to see fish from high in the air .
Their kings or queens , however , have no real power .
Their knotted cords are called quipus .
Their laboratory was a leaky shack .
Their long , graceful bodies are covered with organs that give off delicate red , blue or green light .
Their name comes from a Greek word that means unconquerable .
Their new homes were still of mud brick , but they contained beautiful furnishings .
Their only clothing was made from animal skins .
Their real homes are in Old World lands near the equator .
Their sign that became our M was first the picture of water , their word for water began with the sound of M .
Their skins are bare and moist .
Their story is an important part of the story of civilization .
Their strong wing muscles are , too .
Their tails were small .
Their teeth were suited for eating only tender leaves .
Their tops are sometimes several miles above the ground .
Their trunks may be as much as 30 feet across .
Their wall and big buildings were made of great blocks or red sandstone .
Their work was the beginning of the British Empire , the biggest empire the world has ever seen .
Their year at first had 12 months in it .
Their year began when Sirius appeared in the eastern sky at dawn , and was 365 days long .
Then a new people pushed into Europe from the south .
Then a suit of armor weighed so much that a soldier could no longer mount his horse without help .
Then arose a great threat to liberty .
Then came a time of very simple plants and animals .
Then came bicycles with a big back wheel and a small front wheel .
Then cave man learned that they could be friends with each other .
Then Columbus went to King Ferdinand and Queen Isabella of Spain .
Then days begin to get shorter .
Then every fourth year they would have a leap year with 366 days in it .
Then Hans tried several kinds of work .
Then he got his title of Genghis Khan .
Then he marched against Persia .
Then Hiero heard that the goldsmith had stolen some of the gold .
Then it became a title that meant emperor .
Then it built a great nest of sticks , set it on fire , and died in the flames .
Then it cannot hold as many minerals as it held when it was hot .
Then it carries waste material away .
Then it grew into a full moon again .
Then it is made into any shape wanted .
Then it looks like a snowball .
Then it must eat and rest before it can continue its shocking habit .
Then it suddenly erupts and shoots water high into the air .
Then it was found that the wild grapes of America do not have this disease .
Then it will turn around in the air and come back to the thrower .
Then knights in full armor were a common sight .
Then land plants and animals appeared .
Then one day Marie met Pierre Curie , a French scientist and teacher .
Then only a part of the moon is darkened .
Then people found out that clay vessels baked in a fire were much better .
Then put the solution aside to cool .
Then the bottom of the sea became dry land .
Then the light shines in through a lens in the opening .
Then the southern hemisphere gets more sunlight .
Then the whole new field of electronics was opened up .
Then they became interested in making it beautiful , too .
Then they travel around the falls by train .
Then why are the petals red and the sepals green ?
Then , as ages passed , more and more complicated plants and animals appeared .
Then , perhaps about a billion years ago , some living things appeared .
There also some in Iceland and New Zealand .
There also were some struggles with newcomers .
There are a few freak flowers that have neither .
There are a few more than 100 elements .
There are a great many others besides .
There are a great many star myths .
There are a great many superstitions about gems .
There are about 200 in Yellowstone National Park in Wyoming .
There are about 800 in the United States .
There are all visible in the United States .
There are alligators near the coast from North Carolina to Texas .
There are also boomerangs that do not return to the thrower .
There are also sports that are not games .
There are always doctors at hand to look after emergency cases .
There are beautiful lakes and waterfalls .
There are billions of cells in a person 's body .
There are British lands on every continent .
There are Chinese stories which tell how wild animals protect this wonderful plant .
There are commercial hotels , usually in the heart of a city .
There are constellations in every direction from the earth .
There are different kinds of foraminifera .
There are different kinds of government .
There are different ways of telling a story .
There are eclipses of the sun , too .
There are even kinds of invisible ink .
There are fashions in dogs just as there are fashions in clothes .
There are five big groups of animals that have backbones .
There are four - stages in the life of every moth and butterfly .
There are herds of deer , school of fish , and colonies of birds .
There are hundreds of comets on our solar system , but many people have never seen one .
There are ice skating races and figure skating contests .
There are just 92 natural elements .
There are layers of chalk in Kansas and other parts of the United State that are far away from the sea .
There are many beautiful carols .
There are many big cities .
There are many common sayings about bears .
There are many different kinds of coral .
There are many different kinds .
There are many electric power plants at waterfalls and dams .
There are many folds in the gray covering .
There are many glands of different kinds in our bodies .
There are many good harbors along Europe 's very long coast .
There are many great cities in ancient times .
There are many Indian reservations west of the Mississippi .
There are many islands , too .
There are many kinds of alcohol .
There are many kinds of cheese .
There are many other Greek myths .
There are many other in - between clouds , too .
There are many other kinds of bees .
There are many other rules telling how it should be flown and handled .
There are many other shapes of both plant and animal cells , too .
There are many other such storybook animals .
There are many passageways through the islands of the East Indies .
There are many pictures of dragons in chinese art , and in chinese parades there are often big paper dragons .
There are many rivers and streams in the East .
There are many rules telling how a flag should be treated .
There are many sporting goods stores .
There are many stories of Einstein 's kindness to others .
There are many textile mills .
There are many ways of going into the Indian Ocean from the Pacific .
There are many , many recipes for candy .
There are mercury and bromine .
There are more than 50,000 hotels and motels in the United States alone 
There are more than a thousand different kinds of bacteria .
There are more than half a million kinds of insects , thousands of these kinds of insects are moths or butterflies .
There are never any snowball seeds .
There are no fossils of birds and mammals and flowering plants except in rocks that are rather young , as rocks go .
There are no giants in real life as big as storybook giants .
There are no true haunted houses .
There are not many parts of the world as dry as that .
There are not many railroads either .
There are now books , newspapers , and magazines in Braille .
There are now no trilobites .
There are only a few in the East .
There are only two liquid elements .
There are other Chinese stories which tell that the plant travels underground to escape its enemies .
There are other deserts that have water , but it is too salty for plants to use .
There are other eagles in other parts of the world .
There are other ways in which our bodies are far ahead of any man - made machine : They can grow .
There are over 300,000,000 followers of Confucius today 
There are resort hotels , where people go for a vacation .
There are several big chains of hotels .
There are several different methods of sewing .
There are several hundred square inches on the surface of a person 's body .
There are several ways of decorating a piece of pottery .
There are several ways of driving out the electrons .
There are smaller lakes like this in many places in the Americas .
There are snow fields all year round on many of the mountaintops .
There are some famous ghost that are seen rather often .
There are some fierce man - eating crocodiles .
There are some signs that there was once a large island in the Atlantic where the small Azores are now .
There are special Christmas services in Christian churches all over the world .
There are special lamps that do not give off white light like sunlight .
There are still airplane accidents , just as still airplane .
There are still many branches today .
There are still many Indians in the America .
There are still many rather small inns .
There are still many wild bees .
There are still some things that were there long before early British traders reached India .
There are stories of dragons from other parts of the world .
There are stories of rubies as big as hen 's eggs .
There are strain wrecks and automobile accidents .
There are strike rules an F . B . I agent must follow .
There are thousands and thousands of kinds of herbivorous animals .
There are thousands of kinds of ants .
There are toys that are worked by electric charge produced by rubbing .
There are two kinds of camels .
There are usually two of them .
There are valves in the heart .
There are wonderful picture of Columbus , George Washington , Napoleon , and other famous men of earlier times .
There are , for instance , many giants in Greek myths .
There are , of course , no American kings and noblemen .
There came to be great lords who lived in castles .
There came to be many different branches of Christianity that had different forms of worship .
There can be millions of different kinds can join together in different ways .
There cannot be an eclipse of the moon unless the moon is on the opposite side of the earth from the sun - when the moon is full .
There could not be a pendulum either .
There fore knights had emblems painted on their armor .
There had not been much point in having anything but the hour hands when a clock was likely to again or as mush as half an hour in a single day .
There had to be some way of keeping the weight from falling down in the hurry and sending the wheels spinning around very fast .
There has been some manmade glass for several thousand years .
There have been amphibians on the earth for many millions of years .
There have been many later changes in the Empire , too .
There have been many later translations .
There have been other stories like it .
There have been other times when no new mountains were being made and when old ones were being worn away .
There have been periods when large parts of the earth were covered with ice .
There have been so many billions of billions of corals that in many places in the Pacific Ocean coral reefs rise in circles above the surface of the sea .
There have been turquoise mines in that region for as long as there have been any records .
There have been , for instance , changes in land and sea .
There have not been very many thousand years since the last retreat of the ice .
There he found pleasant climate .
There he saw many strange plants and animals .
There is a big asphalt lake on the island of Trinidad near the north coast of South America .
There is a blanket of air all around the earth .
There is a gap in the circuit until the boy pushed down the button of the push button and in doing so pushes down a piece of metal that links the two connections .
There is a great desert in Australia , and it comes down to the sea on the western coast .
There is a Mother Goose rhyme that gives an answer to this question .
There is almost sure to be a switch on the appliance or the cord .
There is also the golden eagle .
There is always some water vapor mixed with the air around us .
There is an easy way of showing that white light is made up of all the colors of the rainbow .
There is an imaginary circle around the earth halfway between the North and South Poles .
There is enough wood in one of them for a whole village of houses .
There is even an old Greek myth about how Daedalus and his son Icarus tried to fly .
There is hydrogen in some of the rocks in the earth 's crust .
There is ink of every color .
There is no sharp line between the arts and some of the other things we do .
There is no singing or speaking .
There is no true bear hug .
There is nothing on the earth to mark this halfway line .
There is nothing to break the wind as it blows over the great stretches of sand .
There is one big difference between making glass and making candy .
There is only one list of candidates for the people to vote for .
There is so little gravity on Amor that , if a person could go there and could take a train with him , he could lift the train with one hand swing it around his head .
There is so much water in the Atlantic that it is hard to imagine how much there is .
There is tannin in these galls .
There may be a shepherd or two .
There may be more than 75,000 in one hive 
There may be some very high in the atmosphere .
There millions of fossils of all kinds in museums today .
There must also be a narrow , crooked passage leading up from the hot rock .
There never were any unicorns .
There practices came to be bad manners because people did not want anyone to think that they had enough to eat .
There seems to be no limit to what can be done with electronics .
There used to be many herb doctor .
There was a great battle that lasted for several days .
There was a great gold rush .
There was a time , for instance , when little animals called trilobites swarmed the seashores .
There was a world 's fair in Paris in 1889 .
There was also chariot races .
There was another time when giant reptiles called dinosaurs were very common .
There was little trade between these small towns .
There was only one thing to do - the King must lie down , too .
There was very little buying and selling .
There were 230 trunks between 2 and 3 feet across .
There were 3,000 smaller trunks 
There were beautiful glass vases before there was any window glass .
There were emus , kookaburras , black swans , and other odd birds , too .
There were even some bicycles for four riders .
There were great meeting at which he cry was , give us back our 11 days .
There were hundreds of tribes of Indians in the area that became the United States .
There were Indians in both North and South America .
There were many city - states , but the chief ones were Athens , Sparta , Corinth , and Thebes .
There were many other Inca cities .
There were more than 5,000 kinds of dinosaurs 
There were nearly 100 passengers on board .
There were never any real ones .
There were no railroads to bring in supplies and carry the gold away .
There were not even any good roads .
There were often bloody fighting between the Indians and the settlers .
There were once dinosaurs far bigger than elephants .
There were once horsetail plants that grew to be big trees .
There were only a few villages .
There were other Caesars , some were good , some were bad .
There were , they said never any waves on its surface .
There would be no glass tumblers or plates or cups and saucers .
There would be no windshields or window glass in our cars .
These ancient reptiles lived in the long , long period called the Age of Reptiles .
These animals all have hair , or fur .
These animals are all dangerous .
These animals were believed to be much like horses expect that a unicorn had a long , twisted horn sticking out from its forehead .
These ants are fierce .
These ants live only in very warm regions .
These are a few of the most famous astronomers .
These are divided into still smaller groups called families .
These are elements that have been produced in laboratories .
These are millions of cells in the bodies of most plants and animals .
These are rather heavy and are almost straight .
These articles set forth some of his important ideas , among them his theory of Relativity .
These baby bees are to be queen .
These bicycles did go fast , but they were hard to mount and to balance .
These big animals can go for day without eating , because they store large amounts of food in their humps .
These big groups are called phyla .
These bundles of pages are called signatures .
These camel caravans move day and night , summer and winter .
These cave men also made models of animals .
These caves look dark purple .
These chalk layers shows there were once seas where there are great areas of dry land today .
These chemicals are dissolved in some of the water in their bodies .
These circles are called atolls .
These clocks told time simply by striking the hour .
These clouds sometimes look like curls of smoke .
These countries together are often spoken of as Central America .
These craters are built of minerals dissolved in the hot water .
These crystals look as if someone had cut them into their shapes .
These different steps include printing , folding , gluing , sewing , and fitting with covers .
These dogs give us one more reason for calling the dog man 's best friend .
These early Christians were treated badly by the Romans .
These elements , we say , are radioactive .
These emblems were the forerunners of our modern flags .
These first books were made of papyrus .
These fishes are called electric fishes .
These floating pieces are called icebergs .
These four stages are egg , larva , pupa , and adult .
These four stories come from the Old Testament .
These gardens are called the hanging gardens of babylon .
These gardens surround the great palace of Versailles , where some of the kings of France once lived .
These gardens were once a big southern plantation .
These glands produce chemicals that are very important in making our bodies work as they should .
These great birds of prey are protected by law .
These help us by carrying pollen from flower to flower as they are getting the nectar .
These ideas are an attempt to explain the whole universe .
These later cave men were tall and strong .
These letters stand for Federal Bureau of Investigation .
These little animals have lived on the earth for many millions of years .
These little plants are almost colorless .
These names are the names of elements .
These nests may be several feet across .
These pages tell a picture story of a few of those important happenings .
These people have worked out ways of living in the unfriendly region .
These people left many signs behind them .
These people lived in the land between two rivers in western Asia .
These people we now call the cave men .
These plants are called herbs .
These regions are among the most crowded in the world .
These reptiles are clumsy on land , but they are good swimmers .
These reptiles live in warm regions .
These reptiles spend most of their time in water , but they cannot breathe or swallow food under water .
These rules are called flag etiquette .
These sacs are called swim bladders .
These safety bicycles could go as fast as the big wheeled ones .
These scales lap over one another like the shingles on roof .
These settlements became united into small kingdoms that lasted until about 1100 B . C .
These ships were smaller and faster than the big Spanish galleons .
These signs were not letters .
These stories soon made him famous .
These stories were supposed to have been told to a sultan of the East by this beautiful wife , Scheherezade .
These symbols and others like them were made from the Latin names of the elements they stand for .
These tiny plants are called bacteria .
These tribes were the Angles , the Saxons , and the Jutes .
These two animals made good pack horses .
These were called zeppelin in honor of Count Ferdinand von Zeppelin , who invented them .
These were Darwin 's chief ideas : Many more plants and animals are produced than can possibly live .
Theseus killed the Minotaur , a monster that devoured seven Greek youths and seven Greek maidens each year .
They added some new ones , too .
They agreed that if they found the new element they would call it radium .
They all begin their lives on land .
They all have a wall around them and a jelly like substance inside , this jelly like substance is called protoplasm .
They all live in groups , or colonies .
They all , moreover , have bills .
They also built fine roads along the mountain sides .
They also catch land animals that come down to the water 's edge to drink .
They also help guide it .
They also let us think and remember and build castles in the air .
They also sealed jars with Asphalt .
They also study ancient people who could .
They are a big help , however , because they carry pollen .
They are a great help in swimming upward or downward .
They are a help in making seeds , too .
They are a part of the great calculating machines called electronic brains and of the electron microscope .
They are all in the Himalayas .
They are all too small to any air on them .
They are always , that is , joined with other elements .
They are best known for their azaleas .
They are changed often .
They are changing the earth in many ways to suit themselves .
They are cold because they are high above the sea .
They are colorless crystals .
They are crystals of several different minerals .
They are crystals of the common mineral quartz .
They are divided into three groups , as the chart above shows .
They are doors that keep the blood from flowing the wrong way .
They are each 12 hours long .
They are even inside us .
They are far more wonderful than any machines that men have ever built .
They are first eggs , then larvas , then pupas , and then adults .
They are first eggs , then tiny , wormlike larvas , next pupas , and finally full - grown ants .
They are found chiefly in warm regions .
They are found in many parts of the world .
They are in morning glories and petunias .
They are in the food we eat , in the water we drink , and in the air we breathe .
They are in the ground we walk on .
They are in the wonderful part of the world from which the ancestors of most of them came .
They are light partly because many of their bones are hollow .
They are like a long oval .
They are like the little clouds over the whistle of a steam engine , or like those from a person 's breath on a winter day .
They are liked chiefly because of their brilliance .
They are Luxembourg , Andorra , Liechtenstein , San Marino and Monaco .
They are magnificent fountains and terraces as well as beautiful trees and flowers .
They are meat eaters after they grow up .
They are most useful in helping to explore the upper atmosphere .
They are mostly near the seashore or lake shore or in the mountains .
They are much like the batteries of the electric eel .
They are nomads , or wander from place to find water and grass for their herders .
They are not even old when they have lived for a thousand .
They are not many million years old .
They are not mined .
They are not very useful .
They are rarer than big diamonds .
They are scattered far and wide over the world .
They are so big that anyone would think they would take years and years to grow up .
They are so tiny that more 100 million of them could be put in the bowl of teaspoon .
They are so tiny that no one can see them without a microscope .
They are somewhat like the proverbs in the Bible .
They are streamlined , and they are light in weight for their size .
They are supposed to be able to go through locked door or closed windows and to talk , but with queer spooky voices .
They are supposed to look much as they looked when they were alive except that often they have no heads .
They are the icebox .
They are the beginning of seeds .
They are the biggest land animals that eat meat .
They are the home of the fur seals .
They are the Ob , the Lena , and the Uenisei .
They are traces of the plants and animals of long ago .
They are very big eaters , and many of them eat things that we are not willing to let them have .
They are very helpless , too .
They are very much cheaper than natural rubies of the same size .
They are willing to go a long way because there are many problems about the sun and the stars that they can study best during a total eclipse .
They are wonderful hunters .
They are wonderfully fitted for life in regions where food and water are scarce .
They ate nothing but plants .
They averaged about five miles an hour .
They begin to grow and multiply very fast .
They belong to the same group of mammals we belong to .
They belonged to the group of people called Semites .
They breathe in oxygen , one of the gases the air is made of .
They breathe with gills .
They breathe with lungs and live on land .
They bring high prices in China .
They brought about its ruin .
They build bridges and nests out of their own bodies .
They built a high wall around their capital city .
They built huge cathedrals in which to worship .
They built reservoirs , too , and irrigation ditches to carry water to their farms and gardens .
They built their own houses .
They burn slowly in our bodies and furnish the heat and energy we need to keep us alive .
They burned down most of the cities .
They bury themselves in damp ground or in mud at the bottom of a pond .
They called it Seward 's Folly after William H . Seward , the Secretary of State who arranged for its purchase .
They came , in fact , from different parts of Asia .
They can all be sorted into three shapes .
They can be thought of as the building blocks of the universe .
They can breathe either in or out of water .
They can breathe with their lungs when the ponds where they live dry up .
They can bury themselves in the ground fast , too .
They can fly in about ten weeks .
They can fly over deserts , forests , and waterfalls .
They can join in different proportions on from hydrogen peroxide .
They can learn to choose leaders wisely instead of just voting for their personal friends .
They can mend themselves if they are injured , and they can have babies .
They can not drive a car safely .
They can practice listening to suggestions and considering them carefully , no matter who makes them .
They can run about at once .
They can run is as fast as pony .
They can stand still in the air .
They cannot all fly , but they all have wings .
They cannot all run about on the ground , but they all have two legs .
They cannot be depended on to do anything that requires careful thinking .
They carried bags of sand or something else heavy for ballast .
They carried cameras and other scientific instruments high into the air .
They carried the flag of England far and wide .
They carry blank checks which they can make out to anyone they please .
They carry it to the right auricle .
They carry on experiments to learn more about diseases , too , for some diseases are still puzzles - their causes and cures are still unknown .
They carry their babies in pouches .
They carved the handles of some of their bone knives into the figures of animals .
They cause the disease with is called cancer .
They charge him a small amount for money for the use of the money that they lend him .
They chose to divide the year into 12 months of about the same length .
They come from all parts of the world .
They come out at sundown to hunt for their food .
They copied idea silver coins , too .
They could be given charges of electricity .
They could guard their masters and their masters ' property .
They could help hunt .
They could only tell directions when they could see the sun or the stars .
They could pull loads .
They crowded many other plants off the earth .
They cut off the tops of hills and widened valleys .
They dam streams to form lakes .
They danced as a way of praying to their gods .
They danced to celebrate a victory in war .
They danced to show that they were happy about a big harvest .
They decided to have 365 days in a year for three years .
They decorated their pottery and wove beautiful cloth , too .
They developed armor that covered almost their whole bodies .
They did much fishing .
They did not actually see the flickering light of its lamp shining out of first one window and then another .
They did not even recognize Joseph when they were brought before him .
They did not have much room in their heads for brains .
They did not know how to write .
They did not know that it was from him they would have to buy the food .
They did not make pottery .
They did some hunting with bows and arrows .
They dig canals and fill in swamps .
They dig tunnels through mountains .
They discovered , in other word , how to bring about a chain reaction .
They do more than keep our body machines running and make them go where we want them to go .
They do not all make their shells of the same material .
They do not flash their color because of any coloring matter in them .
They do not have children .
They do not have enough gravity .
They do not have to be such active animals .
They do not take any care of the babies that hatch from the eggs .
They do not , for instance , show the glands .
They do so because at the surface the pressure inside their bodies is much greater than the pressure outside .
They drew excellent colored pictures of animals on the walls of their caves .
They eat harmful insects , mice , weed weeds , and dead animals .
They eruption of geyser comes about in this way .
They even went into such out - of - the - way places as the mouth of a big cannon and under great piles of salt .
They explain such things as what holds up the earth , why the seasons change , and how the different groups of stars came to be in the sky .
They feel much at home .
They fell in love and were soon married .
They first reached Europe about 250 years ago .
They flew about stinging people and marking them cry with anger and pain .
They flit about in our gardens on sunny summer days .
They fly from the bulge of South America to the bulge of Africa without stopping , too .
They follow the teachings of Buddha .
They forgave him when he temper flared up .
They form a great wall between Tibet and India .
They form a kind of greasy layer just under the skin .
They found it , but only after four years of very hard and discouraging work .
They found out how to make linen thousands of years ago .
They found that Australia has other riches .
They found that these rays came from far outside the Earth .
They found the ruins of not just one city .
They founded a ballet school .
They furnish hair that can be made into soft cloth .
They furnish us with food .
They gave up a few of the letters they did not need for writing their language , Latin .
They gave up the idea of wings that would move rapidly up and down .
They gave us many of our ideas of beauty , too , and the idea of democracy .
They get a great deal of rain .
They got this ink from an animal in the sea - the squid .
They gouged deep scratches in the rock they moved over .
They grew rich and began building cities .
They grind their food up in their gizzards .
They grow best where it is warm , dark , and damp .
They grow so fast that they actually grow out of their kins .
They grow to be trunks .
They grow very fast , bloom , and form seeds .
They guard them so closely that no one knows much about them .
They guarded their secret from the rest of the world for hundreds of years .
They had a disagreeable hospital smell , too , that came from the chemicals used in killing germs .
They had brought back word that the land was of very little use .
They had different languages and customs , too .
They had domesticated animals .
They had good brains , at least we can guess that they had from the size and shape of their skulls .
They had honey long before they had sugar .
They had no way of telling directions when it was cloudy .
They had not learned to tame any animals or grow plants .
They had tamed both the Hama and the alpaca .
They had to handle tons of it .
They had to keep building the dikes higher and higher because the river kept building its bed higher by dropping part of its load of mud .
They had to protect themselves , too , from neighboring nobles who wanted to conquer them .
They had tried a balloon a few months before , and it had worked .
They had trumpets and flutes and probably other musical instruments .
They hatch from eggs laid in a nest on land .
They have added boron to glass to keep it from breaking easily when it is heated .
They have all come either from the wild grapes of the Near East or from those of North America .
They have been collected by scientists of many countries from all over the world .
They have both legs and a tail when full - grown .
They have carried instruments to make records .
They have different customs , they belong to several different races , too .
They have ears much like ours .
They have even been able to make very expensive glass that is almost unbreakable .
They have feelers , as all insects do .
They have legs when they are full - grown , but no tail .
They have made glass for show windows that , if it breaks , will break into such tiny powdery pieces that no passer - by will be hurt .
They have made shatterproof glass for cars by sandwiching a piece of plastic in between two layers of glass .
They have no legs and practically no tail .
They have scales on their wings .
They have simply never been seen before .
They have small leathery leaves and pink blossoms .
They have strong health departments ready to fight any disease that might spread .
They have to go or write to the bank to take money out when they want it .
They have to live at the mines .
They have very heavy coats of fur .
They have very long arms .
They have wonderful operating rooms .
They have worked out ways of making atomic fission supply a steady amount of energy and serve mankind .
They help doctors diagnose and treat diseases .
They help in another way , too .
They help make sound motion pictures and records .
They help make the water drop its minerals .
They helped make possible such things as television and atomic bomb .
They hop from atom to atom .
They hung down , just as many banners do today .
They immediately begin eating one another up .
They kept some of their records by typing knots in cords .
They knew how to put wonderful colors in their glass .
They knew , too , that it is worth enough to pay for shipping it long distances .
They know what brings these changes about .
They learned about trade from black - bearded Phoenician traders from across the Aegean and the Mediterranean .
They learned to send signals with drums and smoke and mirrors .
They left huge boulders perched in places where only ice could have put them .
They let the famous roads that led to Rome fall into decay .
They live to be only about 40 .
They look very different from their relatives in shallower waters .
They looked ripe and good to eat .
They made some weapons of bone , but they still made most of their weapons of stone .
They made their own clothes .
They made up stories to explain how each constellation came to be in the sky .
They make a smooth cover for the insect 's body .
They make guided missiles possible .
They make it possible for us to do such things as sewing , writing , and piano playing .
They make up a large part of Switzerland and spill over into France , Italy , Germany , Austria , and Yugoslavia .
They may be blue , green , or even deep red .
They may be for children only , for people with contagious diseases , for people who are crippled , for mentally sick patients , or for women who are having babies .
They may be over three feet long , and their wings may measure more than six feet from tip to tip .
They may build a big dam to make an artificial lake .
They may dam a bigger stream to hold back the water after heavy rains and prevent floods .
They may dam a tiny stream flowing in a gully to keep the stream from making the gully wider and deeper and spoiling much good land .
They may have a waxy covering that keeps the water in them from evaporating .
They may have tiny hairs that help them to swim about in water and in other liquids .
They may have very thick leaves or stems .
They may live on underground and sent up new stems and leaves in the spring .
They may not , for instance , vote in an election .
They may order a plane to circle the field for several minutes waiting for a clear runway .
They may shed their skins several times .
They move very slowly .
They moved into the caves .
They must wear uniforms .
They need much warmth .
They now began to look for different ways to improve their cars .
They offered a great deal of money to the best ballet masters and dancers of France .
They pastured their flocks and herds on valley slopes .
They pipe water from them to heat their houses .
They plundered the palaces of the rulers of Rome .
They prevent what we call short circuits .
They produce a sticky gum , or resin , as they grow .
They protect the inner parts of our bodies , too .
They protect themselves mostly by hiding from their enemies .
They pushed along great piles of soil , which remained behind when the ice melted back .
They rebuilt their city , burned down by the Persians .
They reflect them to our eyes .
They rule themselves by choosing their rulers and their law - makers .
They run around waterfalls .
They run clinics and hospitals to treat sick people .
They saw that Egyptians writing was complicated .
They saw that the grasslands would be a wonderful place for raising sheep .
They see reminders of Europe 's long past and of the great works of its people .
They seems to like honey and bacon especially well , but they will eat almost anything people eat .
They settled in small valleys separated by hills or mountains .
They settled not far from where the city of Sydney now stands .
They shoot out some of the particles they are made of .
They sometimes disappear because the water or ice in them evaporates .
They sometimes save themselves work by stealing fish other birds have caught .
They soon found that some things could be made better in factories than at home .
They spit as a sign of approval .
They stand for the states now in the Unites States .
They stay in damp places .
They sting any enemy that comes near .
They straighten rivers and shores .
They stretch nearly 9 , 00 miles from north to south .
They swarmed over all of western Europe that had been ruled by Rome .
They swoop down and catch the fish with their strong beaks and claws .
They take in cases of all kinds .
They take people from the audience who offer to take part and hypnotize them .
They take to boasts again for the rest of their journey .
They tell of elephant hunts and battles and great celebrations of that long - vanished people .
They tell the pilot many things about the engines and about how the plane is flying .
They tell them when to land and what runway to use .
They tell them when to take off and what road to follow .
They think that a person has no rights of his own .
They thought it was a sign that something terrible was about to happen .
They thought of the return of longer days as the birthday of the sun .
They told the story of Pandora to explain why there is sickness and sorrow and why there is always hope that the world will become better .
They took good care of these fish and their eggs .
They travel around the sun just as the big planets do .
They traveled southward and eastward .
They turned out not to be .
They used blocks of granite in their buildings .
They used fire to keep warm .
They used machines called atom smashes to hurl parts of atoms against the nucleus of an atom with so much force that it would splitting of atom is called atomic fission .
They used rocks , clubs , spears , or bows and arrows .
They visit people 's camps and take any food they can find .
They wanted Copernicus to write a book about them .
They wanted finer clothes , more comfortable homes , and more interesting foods .
They wanted silks and spices and perfumes from the East .
They wanted to bring back cargoes of spices and silk and perfume from India and the lands nearby .
They watch the horseless carriage to see if it could climb the next hill .
They watched Egyptians scribes keeping written records .
They watched for two whole days and nights , and the lamp still glowed on .
They wave food into their mouths with a circle of tiny feelers .
They went deep down under the sea and up to the tops of high mountains .
They went here , there , and anywhere to study them .
They went into battle with their flags fastened at the side and flying out in the breeze .
They went into caves and into the great cracks is glaciers .
They went into coal and iron and copper mines .
They were able to drive out these animals partly because they knew how to make fire .
They were afraid of getting lost .
They were fastened to crossbars at the ends of spears .
They were floating , not flying .
They were huge sailing vessels of the kind called galleons .
They were interested , but they thought that Columbus wanted too much reward if he was successful .
They were lighting streets and buildings , driving machines of many kinds , plating cheap metals with expensive ones , making great lifting magnets work , operating heating devices , and marking life easier in still other ways .
They were meant to be held in a lady 's lap to help keep her stomach warm .
They were much like X rays , but they were not X rays .
They were much more like the people of today .
They were not as big as the great whales of today , but they were far bigger than our elephants .
They were not easy to ride , either .
They were not even very close relatives of the lizards .
They were not used to the idea of democracy .
They were one of the seven wonders of the Ancient World .
They were pushed up at the same time that the Alps were made .
They were simple , but they were also very important .
They were sometimes forced to fight lions and other wild animals while Romans watched the sport .
They were such good friends that either of them would gladly have died for the other .
They were such marvelous ruins that he could hardly believe that he was really seeing them .
They were the ancestors of all living things on earth .
They were the Santa Marie , the Pinta , and the Nina .
They were the terrible reptiles .
They were traveling in two - wheeled carts , writing with picture like signs , and building cities .
They were used in Babylon as long as 2,500 B . C 
They were used to roaming about from place to place .
They were very small - only cell in size .
They were very strong and brave .
They were weary of fighting .
They will be like double pyramids .
They will help store up water to be used for irrigation .
They wondered wondered what would happen to the passengers in a rain storm .
They work together and help one another .
They worked out ways for messengers to travel fast from place to place .
They would use only signs for simple sounds .
They , too , got their food by hunting .
They - at least most of them - did not simple sounds as letters do .
Think of a big locomotive that could mend its smokestack if were broken , and could grow to be 20 times as big as it was when it was made , and could produce new little locomotives !
Think of not being able to hear the music you have written .
This bicycle had no pedals .
This big animal often lies with only its flat face above water .
This blanket of air is the atmosphere .
This bridge was finished in 1883 .
This brother taught him to play the clavichord , an instrument much like a piano .
This camel , found in Arab and northern Africa , is sometimes called a dromedary .
This charge is also called interest .
This chart reads from the bottom upward .
This continent , he said , had been west of the Pillars of Hercules , the gateway into the Mediterranean Sea .
This dam is 777 feet high , about 50 feet higher than Hoover Dam , which is the highest dam in the United States .
This dance takes much skill and practice .
This deep measures 30,246 feet - almost six miles 
This diamond was later cut into 12 flawless stone .
This engine burned kerosene .
This family is in the order of primates .
This fat , or cocoa butter , it not thrown away .
This film or plate is coated with a chemical sensitive to light .
This fish gives a powerful shock almost as strong as the shock of the electric eel .
This fish is not really an eel .
This galaxy is one we see when we look in the direction of the constellation Andromeda .
This garden is in Tivoli , a village about miles from Rome .
This garden is most beautiful in the early spring when the trees are just leafing out and the thousands of daffodils along the paths are in bloom .
This giant continent is Asia .
This giant state is more than twice as large as Texas .
This gives the grounds and names a few of the tribes in each group .
This gland is the pituitary gland .
This great composer lived more than 200 years ago .
This great leader was born in India .
This group is called the primates .
This huge temple was finished at the time that some of the great cathedral in Europe were being built .
This is called interest .
This is one of the many stories told about the early King of England who is now know as Alfred the Great .
This is only a story , but it shows how cheese may have first been made .
This is over 1,000 miles a minute 
This is the fingerprint file .
This is the short name of a famous collection of stories .
This is the Soviet Union .
This is true story of one haunted house .
This kind of hotel is called a motel .
This lake is about a mile across .
This lake is not as big as the Great Salt Lake in Utah .
This long reign was one of the bright spots in the history of Rome .
This material was natron , or soda ash .
This month , of course , was given 31 days .
This mountain range runs north and south down the middle of the ocean .
This Ocean has a rim of land almost all the way around it .
This ocean is so wide that for centuries no one in Europe guessed that the Americas were there .
This ocean of air is really as much a part of earth as the oceans of water are .
This part of the brain controls breathing and the beating of the heart .
This period of time is called the Middle Ages .
This phylum is the chordates .
This remarkable clock also told the day of the week , the day of the month , the position of the planets , and the phase of the moon .
This rule , too , is easy to understand .
This small continent has many mountain ranges .
This story is made up .
This story is only a myth .
This story , of course , is only a guess .
This strait is about twenty miles long and from one - third of a mile to two miles wide .
This style of clothing is called Western dress .
This sum is tiny compared to the gold , salmon , furs , platinum , copper , and lumber which Alaska now produces each year .
This time gold was discovered in the west .
This time he was taken back to Spain in chains .
This tiny animal produces more animals like itself in an easy way .
This trip is a very important one in the history of science , for it led Darwin to write one of the world 's most famous books , the book is The Origin of Species .
This underworld the Greeks called Hades after the name of the god who ruled it .
This vine grew from a seed that was planted by accident .
This way goes through the Suez Canal .
This white rock is a kind of limestone that we call chalk .
This word is on one of the first pages of every book printed in the United States .
This work of insects is important .
Those ideas spread west and north wards over Europe .
Those minerals are found in Europe in many places where it is not hard to mine them .
Those that glow look to a deep - sea explorer like stars on a night sky .
Those that live where the winters are cold hibernate .
Thou shalt love the Lord with any thy heart and with all thy soul .
Thou shalt love thy neighbor as thyself .
Though ages many of the most beautiful buildings have been temples or churches .
Though Europe is small , as continents go , it is often spoken of as the greatest continent .
Thousands of animals were trapped in the sticky tar of those pools .
Thousands of people went to the new land to find their fortunes .
Three countries - Canada , the United States , and Mexico - take up most of North America .
Three of the ten longest rivers in the world empty into the Arctic Ocean .
Three of them are carbon dioxide , krypton , and argon .
Three or four hundred years later these small kingdoms were joined into one .
Three small ships set sail from Palos in Spain .
Three things were necessary .
Three thousand years Before Christ some of the people of Asia were highly civilized .
Three very old ones are The Hare and the Tortoise , The Shepherd Boy and the Wolf , and The Fox and the Grapes .
Through a trick they caused Darius to oder that Daniel be thrown into a den of lions .
Throughout his empire he spread Greek architecture , spread Greek architecture , sculpture , and science .
Thus manners differ through the world .
Tickets are sold .
Time after time it has flooded the low land on the either side of it , running the crops growing there and making the fields too wet to be replanted for months .
Tiny plants called yeasts are used in making it .
To answer questions like these we look at a calendar .
To be a true fish an animal must have gills , it must have fins , and it must not at any time during its life have legs .
To be an artist a person must put into his work ideas of his own .
To breathe , it must be in moist soil .
To come down , they let some gas out of the bag .
To day the biggest reptiles are the alligators and crocodiles .
To eat , an ameba simply moves a part of its body out and around a particle of food .
To force his demands on the English people he decided to sent a great fleet , or armada , to attack England .
To get a copyright in the United States the writer or publisher must send two copies of the work to the Copyright Office in Washington , D . C . , he must also pay a small fee .
To get an extra 31 - day month , they took a day from a 30 day month - from February .
To get to some of the rooms where the pictures are , one has to crawl through narrow passageways .
To give the date of earlier happenings , we count back from the year I .
To go down , a fish lets some air out of its swim bladder .
To go higher , they threw ballast overboard .
To go up , it forces more air into it .
To guard against losing his throne , pharaoh ordered all the boy babies of the Hebrews to be killed .
To help keep the river in its path , the Chinese centuries ago built dikes along it .
To hold their kettle up above the fire they used two chunks of the material with which their boat was loaded .
To keep him from burning up the earth , the King of the Gods killed him with a thunderbolt .
To keep the months from slipping too far out of place in the seasons , the priests put an extra month in the year every two or three years .
To live in the caves themselves they had do drive out giant cave bears and many other animals .
To make rooms underground to live in , the workers carry sand up to the surface and dump it .
To many people Easter means the coming of spring .
To others cannibalism was a part of their religion .
To please the natives they did not climb the last few feet .
To put the dates back in their proper places in the seasons , Pope Gregory moved the date up 10 days .
To set up an electric circuit a person has to know that a current flows through some materials much more easily than through others .
To start it we simply mend the break .
To stop a current from flowing we simply have to break the path somewhere .
To tell the date of a happening , we give the number of the year .
To the Greeks , studying philosophy mean studying what we now call science .
To the people who knew the story of the Americas before the days of Columbus , this news meant that the capital of once great empire of the Incas was in ruins .
To the surprise of most people , the balls hit the ground at the same time .
To them it is bad manners to talk during a meal .
To understand their explanation we have to know something about atoms .
To us such a question would be rude .
Toads and frogs are well known to almost everyone .
Today Asia is divided into more than 30 countries .
Today Bombay is one of the largest cities of the world .
Today carborundum crystals are made in electric furnaces out of a mixture of sand and coke .
Today getting a charge of electricity by shuffling across a thick rug on a winter day is a common stunt .
Today governments are doing a great deal to help keep people well .
Today ice skating is a sport and has a place in the Olympic games .
Today man is ruler of the earth .
Today men take off their hats .
Today most chewing gum is made from chicle .
Today most gold is mined deep underground .
Today most people who live south of the United States in the Americas speak Spanish .
Today people from Europe also live in parts of Asia and Africa .
Today people have given up that old idea .
Today someone may say that the sword of Damocles is hanging over his head .
Today South Africa leads all countries in the amount of gold mined .
Today the Atlantic is a great highway .
Today the Chinese have great plans for the Hwang Ho .
Today the finest emeralds come from the mines of Colombia , in South America .
Today the word hydrogen is frightening to many people .
Today there are about 2,000 kinds of amphibians 
Today there are hundreds of materials for clothing , and new ones are being invented .
Today there are many ballet companies .
Today there are many kinds of ink .
Today there are more than 2,000 kinds of grapes 
Today there is dancing of many different kinds .
Today tons of chocolate and cocoa are used .
Today we can start a fire easily with matches or electric sparks .
Today we have the telegraph , the telephone , and the radio .
Today we know much more than Aristotle did about many things .
Today we use both cells and generators .
Today writers do not write many fables .
Today , beautiful things the Chinese have made of silk , paper , porcelain , bronze , jade , and the like are sold in shops in many lands .
Toe dancing is used to give the idea of lightness and airiness .
Together Bellerophon and Pegasus performed heroic deeds .
Towns were small and far apart .
Traffic at an airport is managed from the control tower .
Transistors are made of crystals of germanium .
Translated into English the message is , I came , I saw , i conquered .
Travel in many parts of Africa is not yet easy .
Traveling around the nucleus there are one or more tiny particles called electrons .
Tree hoppers and butterflies and water fleas are herbivorous .
Trees have woody stems .
Tribes of barbarians were pushing into the empire from the north and east .
Triceratops had three horns and a frill of bone around its neck .
Trimming them makes them bear better .
Tubes grow down from the pollen grains to the ovules .
Tundra is level land covered with low plants such as short grass and reindeer moss .
Turning off lights when we leave a room and waiting for a green light at street corners are also habits .
Turquoise is found in a great many parts of the world .
Turtles and armadillos are among those that do .
Twenty five centuries ago the city of Babylon was famous for the beautiful gardens growing on the great wall that protected the king 's palace .
Twenty five hundred years ago life in China was very hard .
Twenty - five hundred years ago the Greeks made vases as lovely as any that have ever been made .
Twenty - five years or so later a Scotchman , Kirkpatrick MacMillan , built the first bicycles with pedals .
Twice more the ice moved slowly southward and twice more it melted back .
Two hundred years ago there were no white people in Australia .
Two hundred years later ballet was popular in the French court .
Two nights later they sighted land .
Two of the best known are The Have and the Tortoise and The Fox and the Grapes .
Two of the greatest farming regions in the world are in Asia .
Two or three eggs are laid in a nest .
Two other noted peaks in the Alps are the Jungfrau and the Matterhorn .
Two things make the Atlantic Ocean rather unusual .
Two years later her mother died .
Two years later their daughter Irene was born .
Tycho Brahe ( 1546 - 1601 ) , a Dane , was the first astronomer to study the stars called novae .
Tying bows , buttoning buttons , snapping snaps , and zipping zippers are all habits .
Tyrannosaurus was another , and probably the most terrible of all .
Under a microscope these tiny animals look like jewels .
Under fascism people are not free to write and say what they think .
Unfortunately there are so many mountains and lakes in Greece that only one - fourth of the country 's area can be used for fields and orchards .
Until 1953 no one had ever been able to the climb Mt . Everest although many had tried .
Until about 100 years ago trained bears were common in many parts of the world .
Until Eli Whitney invented the cotton gin in 1793 the seeds were taken out by hand .
Until the end of that age none of the animals on earth half backbones .
Up to that time there had been no sickness or sorrow on the earth .
Uranium is another .
Using electricity means more than having something to furnish a current and something to for the current to run .
Using knives and forks and spoons as we eat is a habit .
Usually most the work of the work of setting up a circuit is done for us .
Usually six glassfuls a day is about the right amount .
Usually the other end was fastened to a rod , too .
Usually there are about 20 pods on a tree .
Usually what has happened is that a fuse has blown .
Usually , however , we do not use them in their own shapes , we cut them to make them the shape we want .
Veins bring it back to the heart .
Vellum , one kind of parchment , came from the skins of young lambs or calves or kids .
Venetian glassmakers blew fairy - like goblets , vases , and other wares .
Versailles is a suburb of Paris .
Very early in his study of astronomy Copernicus decided that this idea was wrong .
Very little manufacturing goes on .
Very long ago our ancestors felt the need of containers for water and food .
Very soon afterward Elwood Haynes , R . E Olds , Henry Ford , and others had built cars .
Vineyards , where grapes are grown , have been common for many centuries .
Volcanic eruptions build up new mountains and tear the tops off old ones .
Walking would not become a habit if we felt no need or desire to walk .
Walls made of glass bricks would be gone .
Walls that had been built by them still stood , while later ones were destroyed .
Wandering showmen often had trained bears , just as the organ - grinders of more recent times often had trained monkeys .
Wars have been fought for gold .
Watches were made in all sorts of queer shapes : flowers , butterflies , crosses and even skulls .
Watches with springs were such a success that clocks began to be made with springs .
Watching this lamp led Galileo to study the pendulum , for a lamp on a chain is really an example of a pendulum .
Water fills the crooked passage .
Water was very scarce .
Watt is the third .
Ways they are alike and ways they are different have been ways they are different have been used to divide birds into groups .
Ways were worked out of letting the weight move a little way , then stopping it , then letting it move a little more , and so on .
We also have some muscles that are not fastened to bones .
We are already able to get word from the man - made moons that have been set to traveling around the earth .
We are event farther ahead of other animals with backbones .
We are part hydrogen ourselves .
We are weaker than some and slower than others .
We belong to the family Hominidae .
We call it Christmas .
We call it sepia .
We call such an empty space a vacuum .
We call such regions deserts .
We call the language of the Anglo - Saxons either Anglo - Saxons or Old English .
We call them elements .
We call these substances element is an atom .
We can guess , however , how some of them came about .
We cannot even feel it unless it is moving .
We cannot see air or smell it or taste it .
We depend on a large number of habits when we dress in the morning .
We do know that about 1,500 years ago they began conquering their neighbours in Indochina 
We do not feel the pressure of the air on our bodies because the pressure from the inside outward is as great as the pressure on the outside .
We do not feel with our hearts , but they are very important .
We do not know much about the early part of the story .
We do not see them or feel them .
We even have air inside our bodies .
We feel better and look better when we are clean .
We form a habit by doing the same thing over and over again .
We have been able to win out partly because we have a better brain than any other animal , and partly because we have good hands .
We have brought about big changes in all the animals we have tamed .
We have dairying to thank not only milk itself , but also for cream , cheese , butter , and ice cream .
We have gone far beyond him in science , for instance .
We have message cables which cross oceans .
We have moving pictures and film - strips .
We have summer when the earth is at on place on its journey , and the other seasons when it is at other places .
We know about dinosaurs chiefly through their bones and their footprints in the rocks .
We know about the corals of long ago because they left behind them millions upon millions of the rock houses they built for themselves .
We know about them only from the way they act .
We know about these ancient living things and many others , because we have fossils of them .
We know it was being cultivated in Mexico and central America in the time of Cortes .
We know now that Columbus and his men were not the first white men to reach America .
We know that rennet , which is important in the digestion of food , is found in the stomachs of many animals .
We know that the cave men drew pictures on the walls of some of their caves .
We know that the Egyptians and Babylonians planned and built beautiful buildings several thousand years ago .
We know , too , that rennet will turn milk to cheese .
We must drink enough to replace what we lose .
We often call the 26 letters the ABC 's .
We say that there is a partial eclipse .
We say , for instance , that Columbus discovered America in 1492 .
We say , when this happens , that there is a total eclipse of the moon .
We shall call the inventors of the alphabet simply the Semites .
We should eat foods of different kinds .
We still call these first Americans Indians today .
We still follow his rule .
We still use clay for making bowls and jars used in cooking and storing food .
We still use Pope Gregory 's calendar .
We then put B . C after the number .
We think that helping to carry on a conversation is an important part of good table manners .
We think that smacking the lips is impolite .
We use batteries in such things as portable radios , flashlights , hearing aids , electric games , and automobiles .
We use it for plates and cups and saucers .
We use it for vases and beautiful figures .
We wear clothing for another reason , too - for decoration .
We would be as helpless as wooden dolls if it were not for these muscles .
We would be very queer looking and certainly not very handsome if the inside parts of our bodies showed .
Weather instructions are read and weather report are studied .
Weatherman use balloons to help chart the winds .
Whales are a big surprise .
What are boys and girls made of ?
What are good table manners ?
What better way than to drop his club and hold out his bare hand ?
What constellations we see as we look up at the sky depends partly , then , on what time of night it is .
What constellations we see when we look up at the sky depends partly , then , on where we are on the earth .
What constellations we see when we look up at the sky depends partly , when , on what time of year it is .
What day of the week will Christmas be ?
What happens is this : Pollen grains in some way reach a sticky surface somewhere on a pistil .
What people find around them in places where they live has great deal to do with how they try to bring beauty into their lives .
Wheel made pottery dating back more than 4,500 years has been found in the ruins of ancient cities in the Near East 
When a child goes to a new school , or when a grown person wants a new job , he often has to answer a long list of questions .
When a glass is being filled with milk , air comes out as the milk goes in .
When a great deal of air is squeezed into a small space , we say that the air is compressed .
When a hippopotamus is excited its perspiration is red .
When a human being is a year and a half old , he is just past babyhood .
When a person buys a fine animal today , he is given a record of the animal 's ancestors .
When a person comes out of his trance he may not remember at all what he has said or done .
When a scientist talks about kinds of animals he means species of animals .
When a squid is disturbed it sends out a dark - brown liquid to make a kind of smoke screen around itself .
When a visitor leaves a group of hosts in New Guinea , the hosts wail and smear themselves with mud .
When a visitor leaves us after a visit , we say , Goodbye .
When a young queen be grows up , the old queen leaves a hive .
When an atom bomb explodes , many of the atoms in it are split .
When asphalt stands , it changes from a thick liquid to a soft solid .
When Augustus Caesar became emperor a few years later , the month after July was named for him .
When certain chemicals are added to the tannin , excellent ink is make .
When columbus landed in America he thought he had found India .
When comet is far away from the sun , it does not have a tail .
When Darius saw that Daniel was not harmed , he was very glad , and he ordered all his people to worship Daniel 's God .
When deep - sea animals are pulled up to the surface , they are likely to die at once .
When does Easter Sunday come this year ?
When European cities began to grow , there were no strong nations to keep law and order .
When food is plentiful , they eat a great deal , much more than they need at the time .
When Galileo was only 17 , so the story is told , he was standing one day in the cathedral of Pisa , the city in which he lived .
When he married Scheherezade , she had a plan for saving her life .
When he took back word of this pleasant new land , britain claimed it .
When he was 14 he went to the big city of Copenhagen and searched for work in the theaters .
When he was 17 , the great Mozart praised him .
When he was a year old , his family moved to Munich .
When he was not busy making and mending shoes , he read stories to Hans .
When he was not quite 20 , he became the king of Macedon , a small country north of Greece .
When he was only 17 he went to Athens to study with Platon , a famous Greek philosopher .
When it goes to the next flower , it brushes off some of the pollen on the pistil of that flower .
When it is ripe , it opens .
When Julius Caesar became the ruler of the Roman Empire , the calender was very badly mixed up .
When pendulums were put on clocks , minute hands were added , too .
When people began making long journeys , they needed places to stop for the night .
When safety bicycles were new , bicycles for two were a fad .
When Saul died , david became king of Israel .
When she finished high school she was given a gold medal for her good work .
When she was 67 , she died from the effects of too much exposure to radium , the very element she and her husband discovered .
When some people think of animals they think only of such animals as dog and cats and elephants .
When sunlight falls on the picture of the rose , the flower does not reflect all the sunlight .
When the Arab stopped to drink from the pouch , the milk was no longer sweet nor was it liquid .
When the boy was only four , his father decided to make a musician of him .
When the earth ws very young , scientists think , there were no living things on it at all .
When the fair ended , Eiffel Tower was left standing .
When the ice pushes past the edge of the water , huge pieces break off and float away .
When the light from a car struck first one window and then another , the wavy glass reflected the light in a peculiar way .
When the seed pods are ripe , they are cut from the tree and allowed to dry for the few hours .
When the sewing is completed , the pages of the book are trimmed to the correct size .
When the shrimp are in danger , this water pours out and forms glowing clouds .
When the smoke and hot air cooled , the balloon came down .
When the soldiers of ancient times went into battle they needed to know where their leaders were .
When the Spaniards conquered Mexico 400 years ago , they were horrified to find that the highly civilized Aztecs ate the flesh of some of the warriors they captured in hate .
When the Spanish explorer Cortes came to Mexico , he found the people there using a drink they called chocolate .
When the Spanish explorers who followed Columbus reached America , they found great Indian empires in Mexico and South America .
When the time comes he does what he was told to do without knowing why .
When the water comes out of the spring it gets cool .
When the word spread around , people began hunting for diamonds nearby , and they found them .
When there were too many ashes around the fire , they pushed these aside , too , and covered up the bones .
When these animals die , their shells are left behind and fall to the bottom of the water .
When they are grown up , most amphibians are more like reptiles .
When they come to a water hole , they drink a great deal .
When they did , they ran into trouble .
When they killed an animal , they brought it to the cave and cooked it .
When they want to dress up for a special occasion they may put on feathers , paint , or jewelry .
When thrown , the boomerang will first fly forward , spinning as it goes .
When too much current flows through the wires , the piece of metal in the fuse melts and breaks the circuit .
When two substances may be rubbed together , electrons may be rubbed off one substance on to the other .
When we talk about the number of days in the year we are using day to mean 24 hours .
When wood burns , for instance , the wood disappears .
When World War II began , italy had the kind called fascism .
When , in time , the Americas were discovered , europeans called them the New World .
Whenever a boy baby was born , he was sent out of the country .
Whenever he did not work hard , his father was cruel .
Whenever the priests did not like someone who was elected to an office , they would make his term short by not putting an extra month in the year even if it was needed .
Whenever they have gone they have spread European ideas , customs , and inventions .
Where the strait is narrowest , oxen could swim across .
Whether they were all pictures in the beginning or not , the letters in the Phoenician alphabet the Greeks borrowed did not look like picture of anything .
While a person is hypnotized he may be told to do something at some time in the future .
While Europe was in the Dark Ages , other parts of the world were moving forward .
While he was teaching mathematics at the University of Pisa , galileo performed one of his most famous experiments .
While he was writing for one of his books to be published , he wrote four fairy tales .
While many of the deep - sea fishes are ugly , others are beautiful .
While the moth or butterfly is a pupa , great changes take place .
White is a mixture of all the colors in the rainbow .
Whole books have been written about it .
Whole gardens of herbs like these used to be common .
Why do we have to have rules of etiquette ?
Wild roots bring higher prices than cultivated ones because they are more likely to be shaped like men .
William Dampier was the first Englishman to reach Australia .
Wind , which is nothing but moving air , drives windmills .
Winding the clock in those days meant lifting up the weight to its starting point .
Winds pile up the sand into hills , or dunes .
Winds that blow in from over the Atlantic are a big help , then .
Winning and losing are always a part of playing a game .
Winter nights are long .
Winters are not warm .
Winters are warm , and two crops of rice are grown each year .
Wires bring current to our homes from power plants .
Wires in the walls go to light sockets and electric stoves and wall plates , or receptacles .
Wisconsin and New York are famous for such farms .
With a string and a globe it is easy to see that the shortest route between central India and any of those cities crosses the Pole .
With each step the pouch of milk swung from side to side .
With electric stoves and lamps all we have to do is to switch on the current .
With flags flying has come to mean that everything is going well .
With his brain early man could invent weapons for fighting , tools for building , and machines for helping him raise crops .
With his hands early man could make and use the weapons and tools and machines he invented .
With his stone ax the man chopped at its base until it topped across the stream .
With its help telescopes will be able to see more of what is out of sight , hidden flaws in materials will found , and the floor of the sea can be explored without going beneath the water .
With its little beady eyes , tiny ears , and enormous mouth it is not a beautiful animal .
With its many - colored lights the sky of the deep sea must be as beautiful as the starry sky above us .
With nothing but snow , driftwood , sod , and skins to use , he can not build such buildings .
With plenty of plants and snails , the water in an aquarium should not have to be changed often .
With the earth shutting off the sunlight , the moon stops shining brightly .
With the ends of our fingers we can tell whether what we touch is hot or cold , rough or smooth , hard or soft .
With the great sea at their door , the Greeks became a sea - trading people .
With the help of the gods the young man Bellerophon and Pegasus , the winged horse of the Muses .
With the help of Tycho Brahe 's careful records , he discovered that they were not , instead , they are flattened circles , or ellipses .
With the retreat of the ice , people could work out better ways of living .
With the river bed so high , any big break in a dike was a catastrophe .
With their big tails they can swim well .
With their strong arms they can easily swing from limb to limb through the trees .
With them he made many discoveries .
Without a telescope this great star city can hardly be seen .
Without an outside supply of oxygen , a jet would not work .
Without protoplasm , cells would not be alive .
Without the Christain Church the Dark Ages would have been much darker than they were .
Wood alcohol , as its name tells , can be made from wood .
Wool makes a cloth that is warm and lasts a long time .
Work on the dams has already been started .
Workers dig up the solid asphalt in chunks .
Workshops employing slave workmen made beautiful pottery , textiles , and metal wares for trade with other lands .
Writing and money helped Greek business .
Writing with a brush and eating with chopsticks are Chinese customs that seem odd to Western peoples .
Xerxes , the powerful king of Persia , sent his armies by land and sea against Athens .
Yellowstone National Park has hundreds of hot springs .
Young men practiced boxing , wrestling , and running in order to prepare for the famous Olympic games .
Zoology is another .
