( 1878 - 1955 ) Scientists around the world are finding more and more proof of many of the very complicated ideas of Albert Einstein .
A 100 - watt lamp gives a much brighter light than a 25 - watt lamp .
A ballet is a work of art just as a beautiful picture is .
A ballet tells a story without any words to help .
A bath every day is a good rule for most of us .
A battery is made up of two or more electric cells joined together .
A big airplane standing on the runway is a wonderful machine .
A big bridge has to be planned very carefully .
A big gorillas may weigh 400 pounds .
A big hippopotamus may weigh four tons .
A big passengers plane roars by overhead .
A big zeppelin , the hindenburg , burned up just as it finished a flight from Germany to the United States .
A bird 's eggs must be kept warm for a certain number of days before they will hatch .
A blind person reads Braille by running his fingers over lines of dots .
A book was kept closed with strings or straps .
A boomerang is simply a curved club .
A bottle filled with the colorless gas hydrogen looks as if it were empty .
A bouquet of cotton blossoms would be pretty .
A boy or girl who has been going to school for a few years knows the multiplication table and the alphabet .
A boy or girl who wishes to be a ballet dancer has to begin going to a ballet school very early .
A British expedition led by Charles Evans climbed to six feet from the top of this mountains in 1955 .
A bunch of radishes or a bit of chocolate was a real treat .
A butterfly has slender feelers with a thicker part , or club , at the end .
A butterfly pupa is often called a chrysalis .
A calendar looks very simple .
A camel can begin to carry heavy loads when it is 4 years old .
A camera is a light - tight box .
A camera may cost only a few dollars or it may cost hundreds of dollars .
A canal connects it to the Rhine River .
A candle gives off light when the wax in it burns .
A cardinal has a short , stout bill that is good for cracking seeds .
A caterpillar 's new skin may be quite different in color from the old skin it just crawled out of .
A cave man carried a club to protect himself not only against wild animals , but also against his fellow men .
A cave man then needed some way of showing others that he was friendly .
A cave man would certainly be surprised if he could see them .
A check - up is a kind of stich in time .
A check can easy be mailed .
A Chihuahua , for instance , would not be very helpful a pulling loads .
A child 's hobby may become his work when he grows up .
A circus sometimes ends with a chariot race .
A clouds may disappear because the water or ice in it has fallen to the ground as rain or snow .
A comet looks like a star that has shining hair streaming out from it .
A comet 's tail always streams out way from the sun .
A compass made of a magnet - a magnetic compass - tells direction because the earth acts as a great magnet .
A constellation visible in the western sky just after sunset will have set by midnight , and other constellations will have risen in the east .
A copy of it reached him on the day he died .
A copyright protects the author and the publisher of a book .
A cubic foot of water weighs about 62 1 / 2 pounds .
A dam is a wall across a stream .
A dam to hold back a river has to be very strong .
A dark clouds may not disappear after rain or snow has fallen from it .
A day on our calendar is daytime and night time together .
A design may be pressed into the soft clay before the first firing .
A dry cell has a push of only about 1 , 5 volts .
A dry cell is not truly dry , but there is no liquid that an spill .
A fable is a short story made up to teach a lesson .
A few ashes are left .
A few fishes build nests and guard their eggs .
A few have poison glands in their skin .
A few kinds of fishes - those that have swim bladders - even turn inside out .
A few languages are still written with signs that are not letters .
A few of the baby bees in a hive are fed nothing but a special food called royal jelly .
A few years later Beethoven went to Vienna to study with Haydn .
A field mouse is old when it is only a year and a half old .
A fish pushes itself forward by moving its tail and tail fin from side to side .
A flaming torch was a very good weapon against an animal .
A flower does not have to have all four parts .
A flower 's perfume helps attract insects , just as its petals do .
A flower 's petals may be joined together .
A friend who knew about Darwin 's interested in nature invited him take the trip on the Beagle .
A fuse contains a piece of metal that melts rather easily .
A galaxy is a vast star city .
A generator is made up of magnets and coils of wire .
A geyser is a special kind of hot spring .
A gibbon 's hands often touch the ground when it is walking .
A glass filled with milk does not become empty as someone drinks the milk .
A glaze is a substance that hardens into a thin layer of glass .
A globe can be turned so that almost nothing but the blue for oceans shows .
A good ballet dancer must begin to learn dancing when he is very young .
A great book collector who lived 500 years ago boasted that every book he had was written with the pen .
A group of stars is called a constellation .
A hawk has a sharp , curved bill that is good for tearing apart the animals it catches for food .
A hive of bees is somewhat like a city .
A hobby is making or doing or learning something just for the fun of it .
A hobby sometimes stops being a hobby and becomes a person 's work .
A hole dug down deep enough anywhere on the earth would come to hot rock .
A honeybee , like many other insects , goes through great changes as it grows up .
A hornbill 's nest in a hollow tree .
A hospital was built as long ago as A . D 369 .
A hotel like the one in the picture may have room for hundreds of people .
A house current may come from a power plant next door .
A house fly , for instance , seldom lives for more than a summer .
A huge dog with many heads stood guard at the gate of Hades to keep anyone who entered the underworld from escaping .
A huge whirling propeller , called a rotor , on top of a helicopter provides the lift .
A hundred thousand people may watch a single football game or boxing match .
A hundred years earlier Dutch sailors had stopped at several places on the northern and western coasts .
A hundred years later the English had learned to make a very good drink of chocolate by using milk instead of water .
A hypnotist usually seats his patient in a darkened room .
A hypnotized person believes almost everything he is told .
A hypnotized person looks very much like a person who is walking in his sleep .
A kilowatt is 1,000 watts 
A knight in shining armor mounted on a powerful horse and with plumes flying from his helmet looked very splendid .
A knight was so well covered by his armor that no one could see who he was .
A knight 's flag had the same decoration as his shield .
A little later a chronometer was made that lost only 7 seconds on a 46 days voyage .
A little later plate armor took the place of chain mail .
A little manger scene may take the place of a Christmas tree in many lands .
A little of it was in Aramaic , the new testament was first written in greek .
A long list of bad habits could easily be made .
A machine puts paste on the end papers of the book and puts it into the case .
A machine which furnishes a current of electricity is called a generator .
A man on skates can go twice as fast as a good runner .
A man who has been raising flowers as a hobby may start raising them to sell .
A marigold plant is old in three or four months .
A mercury vapor lamp , for instance , gives off light with no red rays in it .
A mixture of smoke and hot air rose from the fire into the balloon .
A modern barn like this one is big and airy .
A modern plane weighs many tons when it is loaded .
A moist skin is a good sign that a person is not ill .
A month named for an emperor could not have just 30 days !
A mosquito does not have a backbone .
A moth 's feelers may be like threads , of they may be like tiny feathers .
A mountain goes up so high there is less air above it .
A narrow strait called the Bosporus joins the Black Sea and the Sea of Marmara .
A native of Ghana , in Africa , however , lets his robe slip down off one shoulder .
A new kind of hotel has sprung up in recent years - a kind of hotel for people who are traveling by car .
A nobleman 's greatness was measured partly by the number of wild animals he killed .
A one - carat stone is rather large for a ring .
A pansy , for instance , has five sepals , five petals , five stamens , and one pistil .
A part of a ballet that is danced by just two people is called a pas de deux .
A part of its body pushes forward and pulls the rest of the body after it .
A part of their idea was right .
A paved avenue leads to it .
A pelican 's bill is very large and makes a good fish basket .
A period which is called the Dark Age of Greece then came .
A person can cross it without knowing that he is doing so .
A person can cup his hands and dip up water from a stream to drink .
A person from a city of the Middle Ages would marvel at the smooth pavements , the bright street lights , and the hidden sewers of today 's cities .
A person in a car can drive right up to the door of his room .
A person looks very unhealthy in the light of a mercury vapor lamp .
A person may also have a savings account .
A person must know , too , that a current will not flow unless there is a complete path from a battery or generator back to the battery or generator .
A person often wishes to share an idea with someone else .
A person who puts money in a bank and then pays it out with check has what is called a checking account .
A person whose cerebellum has been injured moves in a jerky way .
A person 's brain has three main parts .
A person 's heart is about the size of his fist .
A phoenix was supposed to live for 500 years .
A piece of meat can be roasted on a stick over a bonfire .
A piece of pottery is fired as soon as it is shaped .
A piece of pottery must be fired after it has been coated with a glaze .
A pilot , if he can , points the nose of his plane into the wind both for landing and for taking off .
A place is moved from day into night and from night into day over and over by the spinning of the Earth .
A pod may be more than 12 inches long .
A polar bear may live its whole life on a cake of ice in the cold water around the ice .
A potter 's wheel lets the potter turn the clay round and round as he shapes it .
A princess , the daughter of Pharaoh , found the baby .
A push button is the device for marking and breaking the circuit .
A real heart does not look much like the hearts on valentines .
A really empty space is one in which there is absolutely nothing at all - not even any air .
A robin is much more like a bluebird than it is like a loon .
A roc was supposed to be so big that it could pick up an elephant .
A rocket - plane could go into outer space where there is no air , but a jet could not .
A roll book was a little like a window shade .
A scarlet tanager can fly for miles and miles without stopping to rest .
A scarlet tanager is mostly bright red .
A ship , moreover , may be wrecked by an iceberg even if the ship seems to have plenty of room to pass .
A short circuit is an easier path than the one we want the current to take .
A single one of these cells is too small to be seen without a microscope .
A single tree may have more than a thousand .
A skillful thrower can make his boomerang do many stunts .
A soldier 's uniform tell everyone that he is a soldier .
A spark had set fire to the hydrogen in it bags .
A sphere is a ball .
A squirrel 8 years old , a kangaroo 15 years old , and a monkey 20 year old are as old as a person who has reached 70 .
A stargazer often lies haft buried in the sand and waits for some small animal to some along .
A stars catalogue is a list of stars which tells where each one is in the sky .
A steam carriage built by the Frenchman Nicolas Cugnot overturned on a curve .
A storage battery gets its name because , to keep it in working order , a current of electricity from a generator is sent through it from time to time .
A storage battery is made up of wet cells .
A story nearly 2,000 years old tells that some Phoenician sailors were cooking their meals one day on a sandy shore 
A story of King Louis XIII of France tells something about court etiquette in his time .
A story of this kind is called a myth .
A strip might be as long as 144 feed .
A temple to the sun in Cuzco was covered with gold .
A thirsty camel has been known to drink 20 gallons of water at one time .
A tin can a foot wide , a foot long , and a foot deep would hold just a cubic foot of water .
A tiny pygmy shrew breathes ten times as first as a person .
A total eclipse of the moon lasts for about two hours .
A total eclipse of the sun never lasts for more than eight minutes .
A toy balloon full of air may get so big that it bursts if it is put near a hot radiator .
A trace of iron oxide , for instance , will give glass an ugly greenish color .
A traveler in Scotland , for instance , might not see any man wearing kilts .
A trilobite of long ago died in the shallow water near the shore of the sea .
A two - inch fish needs at least two gallons of water .
A very wide lowland belt of good farmland stretches all the way across northern India .
A warrior of this tribe spits on boy whom he sees for the first time .
A watt is a measure of the amount of electricity a appliance uses .
A whale shark may be 50 feet long .
A whole year was needed to cool the glass for mirror of the giant Palomar telescope .
A wire from the bell is fastened to the other .
A wire from the cell is fastened to one connection .
A woman who likes to sew may start doing it for a living .
A year seems a long time for a journey .
A young plant or animal may be different enough from its neighbors of the same kind to make it better fitted than the others for living where it does .
A . D . i was not actually the year when Christ was born .
Aardvarks also eat ants .
Aardvarks live chiefly on termites .
About 1,000 years ago a monk named Gerbert made a timepiece which people called magical 
About 1,000 years ago a new kind of ink was invented 
About 1,500 asteroids have been discovered 
About 1,500 years ago barbarian tribes pushed their way into the great Roman Empire 
About 1,500 years ago the whole bible was translated into hundreds of languages 
About 1,500 years ago three German tribes crossed over from Europe to what is now England 
About 130 years ago a musician sat quietly at a concert in Vienna while his new symphony was played for the first time .
About 2000 years ago Hiero was the ruler of the Greek city of Syracuse .
About 250 years ago watchmakers began using jewels inside watches to make them run better .
About 3,800 years ago a people moved into the mountainous peninsula of Greece , the western rim of Asia Minor , and hundreds of islands that dot the Aegean Sea 
About 50 kinds of fishes give electric shocks to animals that come in contact with them .
About 50 years ago scientists noticed that odd things were happening to some of their experiments .
About 500 years ago the first watches were made .
About 60 years ago the first dirigibles were built .
About a century after the first New World settlement , the English made a settlement in what is now the United States .
About a hundred years ago gold was discovered in southeastern Australia .
About one - fifth of the air is oxygen .
About three - fourths of all the people in the world today wear cotton clothing .
Above his head a lamp hanging by a chain was swinging back and forth .
Abraham Lincoln told clearly what democracy means in his famous Gettysburg Address .
Actually a person 's size does not have anything to do with his disposition .
Actually it straddles the equator .
Aesop is supposed to have lived in Greece about 600 B . C .
Aesop more than likely did not write down his stories .
Africa and Asia are joined by the narrow Isthmus of Suez .
Africa does have several rivers , but boats cannot travel very far up most of them .
Africa is south of Europe .
Africa is two - thirds as big as Asia , but it has only about one - seventh as many people .
African natives kill aardvarks to eat .
After a few weeks Marie decided that she would have more time to study if she lived by herself .
After a few years in Italy , copernicus went back to Poland .
After a picture is taken , the plate or film has to be developed .
After a rain the seeds of these plants sprout .
After a rain , water covered the asphalt .
After a while it enters another organ in the mother 's body called the uterus .
After another year of study he passed the examination .
After Copernicus finished his work at the University of Cracow , he went to Italy to study .
After Edison showed that such lamps could be made , many people became interested in trying to make better ones .
After flowering plants once appeared , however , they were a great success .
After Jesus rose from the dead , his disciples had such faith in him that they became fearless preachers and spread his teachings .
After Joseph 's time there came to be many Hebrews in Egypt .
After killing the monster , theseus escaped from a great maze , or labyrinth .
After leaving Palos , the little ships sailed to the Canary Islands .
After mating , the queens tear off their own wings .
After men learned to make magnets of steel , they could make better compasses .
After much experimenting she decided that they must come from an element no one knew about .
After one of his battles in Asia , caesar sent back a famous message to Rome .
After Plato died , King Philip asked Aristotle to return to Macedon to tutor his son .
After printing was invented , u and V , which had been two ways of writing the same letter , became two separate letters .
After roasting , the thin skins of the beans are cracked off and blown away .
After several days the pulp ferments and the seeds , or beans , separate from it .
After several years in the mountains Buddha came down to the crowded plains .
After the Coal Age came the Age of Reptiles , and after that the Age of Mammals .
After the cotton has been picked the seeds must be removed .
After the Danes were defeated , alfred set about marking his Kingdom strong .
After the early cave men had lived in the caves for thousands of years , the ice began to melt back .
After the fire was out , the sailors found that some of sand that had been heated under the firm had been made into glass .
After the folding , the pages are all in the right order .
After the mother bird begins sitting on the eggs , the father bird cements up the entrance to the nest , leaving only a small opening .
After the Persian war the Athenians entered a Golden Age .
After the plants are fairly large , cotton choppers thin out the rows .
After the printing and folding are done , all the signatures that make up a book are gathered together .
After they found out how an atom can be split , scientists found out how to use the splitting of other atoms .
After two or three months of sailing among the island , columbus returned to Spain .
After work is finished on the book and on the covers , the two are brought together .
Again it grew warmer and they melted back .
Air can be squeezed together so that it takes up much less room .
Air comes into them through the nose , throat , windpipe , and the bronchial tubes .
Air does not weigh very much .
Air expands , or gets bigger , when it is heated .
Air goes in as the milk comes out .
Air pressure helps make vacuum cleaners and pumps and siphons and soda straws work .
Air travels through the tubes all over the insects 's bodies .
Air - filled rubber tires , coaster brakes , and speed gears were a few of them .
Airplanes are now a big help in traveling in Africa .
Airplanes are now so fast and safe that people no longer think of traveling by balloon .
Airways must be planned with this in mind .
Alaska also has active volcanoes .
Alaska has mountains and glaciers .
ALASKA is by far the largest American state .
Alcohol is also used as an antiseptic .
Alcohol is useful , too , as an antifreeze in automobiles .
Alcohol will not freeze until the temperature is very , very low .
Alexander did not think much of democracy , but he liked Greek art and learning .
Alexander himself was in the thick of every battle .
Alexander liked this answer .
Alexander 's father was King Philip of Macedon .
Alexander said that he would grant any favor Diogenes asked of him .
Alexander therefore turned back .
Alexander was more than a great soldier .
Alexander , after he became king , won the others .
Alexander 's soldiers refused to try to take India .
Alfred became King at a very dark time in England 's history .
Alfred was much loved by his subjects .
Alfred was soon driven from London .
All animals and almost all plants must have oxygen .
All animals get their food from plants .
All animals , as they breathe out , throw carbon dioxide away .
All ants have four stages in their life histories .
All around the earth there is a layer of air .
All big bridges and most small ones built now are made of stone , concrete , or steel .
